story of a man who has unnatural feelings for a pig . starts out with a opening scene that is a terrific example of absurd comedy . a formal orchestra audience is turned into an insane  violent mob by the crazy chantings of it  s singers . unfortunately it stays absurd the whole time with no general narrative eventually making it just too off putting . even those from the era should be turned off . the cryptic dialogue would make shakespeare seem easy to a third grader . on a technical level it  s better than you might think with some good cinematography by future great vilmos zsigmond . future stars sally kirkland and frederic forrest can be seen briefly .  
airport    starts as a brand new luxury    plane is loaded up with valuable paintings  such belonging to rich businessman philip stevens  james stewart  who is flying them  a bunch of vip  s to his estate in preparation of it being opened to the public as a museum  also on board is stevens daughter julie  kathleen quinlan   her son . the luxury jetliner takes off as planned but mid  air the plane is hi  jacked by the co  pilot chambers  robert foxworth   his two accomplice  s banker  monte markham   wilson  michael pataki  who knock the passengers  crew out with sleeping gas  they plan to steal the valuable cargo  land on a disused plane strip on an isolated island but while making his descent chambers almost hits an oil rig in the ocean  loses control of the plane sending it crashing into the sea where it sinks to the bottom right bang in the middle of the bermuda triangle . with air in short supply  water leaking in  having flown over    miles off course the problems mount for the survivor  s as they await help with time fast running out . . .  br    br   also known under the slightly different tile airport     this second sequel to the smash  hit disaster thriller airport       was directed by jerry jameson  while once again like it  s predecessors i can  t say airport    is any sort of forgotten classic it is entertaining although not necessarily for the right reasons . out of the three airport films i have seen so far i actually liked this one the best  just . it has my favourite plot of the three with a nice mid  air hi  jacking  then the crashing  didn  t he see the oil rig    sinking of the     maybe the makers were trying to cross the original airport with another popular disaster flick of the period the poseidon adventure         submerged is where it stays until the end with a stark dilemma facing those trapped inside  either suffocate when the air runs out or drown as the    floods or if any of the doors are opened  it  s a decent idea that could have made for a great little disaster flick but bad unsympathetic character  s  dull dialogue  lethargic set  pieces  a real lack of danger or suspense or tension means this is a missed opportunity . while the rather sluggish plot keeps one entertained for    odd minutes not that much happens after the plane sinks  there  s not as much urgency as i thought there should have been . even when the navy become involved things don  t pick up that much with a few shots of huge ships  helicopters flying about but there  s just something lacking here . george kennedy as the jinxed airline worker joe patroni is back but only gets a couple of scenes  barely even says anything preferring to just look worried in the background .  br    br   the home video  theatrical version of airport    run    minutes while the us tv versions add an extra hour of footage including a new opening credits sequence  many more scenes with george kennedy as patroni  flashbacks to flesh out character  s  longer rescue scenes  the discovery or another couple of dead bodies including the navigator . while i would like to see this extra footage i am not sure i could sit through a near three hour cut of airport    . as expected the film has dated badly with horrible fashions  interior design choices  i will say no more other than the toy plane model effects aren  t great either . along with the other two airport sequels this takes pride of place in the razzie award  s hall of shame although i can think of lots of worse films than this so i reckon that  s a little harsh . the action scenes are a little dull unfortunately  the pace is slow  not much excitement or tension is generated which is a shame as i reckon this could have been a pretty good film if made properly .  br    br   the production values are alright if nothing spectacular . the acting isn  t great  two time oscar winner jack lemmon has said since it was a mistake to star in this  one time oscar winner james stewart looks old  frail  also one time oscar winner lee grant looks drunk while sir christopher lee is given little to do  there are plenty of other familiar faces to look out for too .  br    br   airport    is the most disaster orientated of the three airport films so far  i liked the ideas behind it even if they were a bit silly  the production  bland direction doesn  t help though  a film about a sunken plane just shouldn  t be this boring or lethargic . followed by the concorde . . . airport          .  
this film lacked something i couldn  t put my finger on at first charisma on the part of the leading actress . this inevitably translated to lack of chemistry when she shared the screen with her leading man . even the romantic scenes came across as being merely the actors at play . it could very well have been the director who miscalculated what he needed from the actors . i just don  t know .  br    br   but could it have been the screenplay  just exactly who was the chef in love with  he seemed more enamored of his culinary skills and restaurant  and ultimately of himself and his youthful exploits  than of anybody or anything else . he never convinced me he was in love with the princess .  br    br   i was disappointed in this movie . but  don  t forget it was nominated for an oscar  so judge for yourself .  
sorry everyone    i know this is supposed to be an  art  film   but wow  they should have handed out guns at the screening so people could blow their brains out and not watch . although the scene design and photographic direction was excellent  this story is too painful to watch . the absence of a sound track was brutal . the loooonnnnng shots were too long . how long can you watch two people just sitting there and talking  especially when the dialogue is two people complaining . i really had a hard time just getting through this film . the performances were excellent  but how much of that dark  sombre  uninspired  stuff can you take  the only thing i liked was maureen stapleton and her red dress and dancing scene . otherwise this was a ripoff of bergman . and i  m no fan f his either . i think anyone who says they enjoyed     hours of this is   well  lying .  
when i was little my parents took me along to the theater to see interiors . it was one of many movies i watched with my parents  but this was the only one we walked out of . since then i had never seen interiors until just recently  and i could have lived out the rest of my life without it . what a pretentious  ponderous  and painfully boring piece of    s wine and cheese tripe . woody allen is one of my favorite directors but interiors is by far the worst piece of crap of his career . in the unmistakable style of ingmar berman  allen gives us a dark  angular  muted  insight in to the lives of a family wrought by the psychological damage caused by divorce  estrangement  career  love  non  love  halitosis  whatever . the film  intentionally  has no comic relief  no music  and is drenched in shadowy pathos . this film style can be best defined as expressionist in nature  using an improvisational method of dialogue to illicit a  more pronounced depth of meaning and truth  . but woody allen is no ingmar bergman . the film is painfully slow and dull . but beyond that  i simply had no connection with or sympathy for any of the characters . instead i felt only contempt for this parade of shuffling  whining  nicotine stained  martyrs in a perpetual quest for identity . amid a backdrop of cosmopolitan affluence and baked brie intelligentsia the story looms like a fart in the room . everyone speaks in affected platitudes and elevated language between cigarettes . everyone is  lost  and  struggling   desperate to find direction or understanding or whatever and it just goes on and on to the point where you just want to slap all of them . it  s never about resolution  it  s only about interminable introspective babble . it is nothing more than a psychological drama taken to an extreme beyond the audience  s ability to connect . woody allen chose to make characters so immersed in themselves we feel left out . and for that reason i found this movie painfully self indulgent and spiritually draining . i see what he was going for but his insistence on promoting his message through prozac prose and distorted film techniques jettisons it past the point of relevance . i highly recommend this one if you  re feeling a little too happy and need something to remind you of death . otherwise  let  s just pretend this film never happened .  
  it appears that many critics find the idea of a woody allen drama unpalatable .  and for good reason they are unbearably wooden and pretentious imitations of bergman . and let  s not kid ourselves critics were mostly supportive of allen  s bergman pretensions  allen  s whining accusations to the contrary notwithstanding . what i don  t get is this why was allen generally applauded for his originality in imitating bergman  but the contemporaneous brian depalma was excoriated for  ripping off  hitchcock in his suspense  horror films  in robin wood  s view  it  s a strange form of cultural snobbery . i would have to agree with that .  
the second attempt by a new york intellectual in less than   years to make a  swedish  film  the first being susan sontag  s  brother carl   which was made in sweden  with swedish actors  no less   the results  oscar wilde said it best  in reference to dickens   the old curiosity shop    one would have to have a heart of stone not to laugh out loud at the death of little nell .  pretty much the same thing here .  interiors  is chock full of solemnly intoned howlers .   i  m afraid of my anger .  looking into the middle distance  i don  t like who i  m becoming .   the directorial quotations  to use a polite term  from bergman are close to parody . the incredibly self  involved family keep reminding us of how brilliant and talented they are  to the point of strangulation .   i read a poem of yours the other day . it was in  i don  t know  the new yorker .   oh . that was an old poem . i reworked it .   far from not caring about these people  however  i found them quite hilarious . much of the dialog is exactly like the funny stuff from allen  s earlier films  only he  s directed his actors to play the lines straight . having not cast himself in the movie  he has poor mary beth hurt copy all of his thespian tics  intonations  and neurotic habits  turning her into an embarrassing surrogate  much like kenneth branagh in  celebrity   .  br    br   the basic plot  dysfunctional family with quietly domineering mother  seems to be lifted more or less from bergman  s  winter light   the basic family melodrama tricked up with a lot of existential angst . it all comes through in the shopworn visual  aural tricks the deafening scratching of a pencil on paper  the towering surf that dwarfs the people walking on the beach . etc  etc .  br    br   allen  s later  serious  films are less embarrassing  but also far less entertaining . i  ll take  interiors .  woody  s rarely made a funnier movie .  
i don  t know who to blame  the timid writers or the clueless director . it seemed to be one of those movies where so much was paid to the stars  angie  charlie  denise  rosanna and jon  that there wasn  t enough left to really make a movie . this could have been very entertaining  but there was a veil of timidity  even cowardice  that hung over each scene . since it got an r rating anyway why was the ubiquitous bubble bath scene shot with a    year  old woman and not angie harmon  why does sheen sleepwalk through potentially hot relationships with two of the most beautiful and sexy actresses in the world  if they were only looking for laughs why not cast whoopi goldberg and judy tenuta instead  this was so predictable i was surprised to find that the director wasn  t a five year old . what a waste  not just for the viewers but for the actors as well .  
this film is mediocre at best . angie harmon is as funny as a bag of hammers . her bitchy demeanor from  law and order  carries over in a failed attempt at comedy . charlie sheen is the only one to come out unscathed in this horrible anti  comedy . the only positive thing to come out of this mess is charlie and denise  s marriage . hopefully that effort produces better results .  
the film is bad . there is no other way to say it . the story is weak and outdated  especially for this country . i don  t think most people know what a  walker  is or will really care . i felt as if i was watching a movie from the    s . the subject was just not believable for the year      even being set in dc . i think this rang true for everyone else who watched it too as the applause were low and quick at the end . most didn  t stay for the qa either .  br    br   i don  t think schrader really thought the film out ahead of time . many of the scenes seemed to be cut short as if they were never finished or he just didn  t know how to finish them . he jumped from one scene to the next and you had to try and figure out or guess what was going on . i really didn  t get woody  s  carter  private life or boyfriend either . what were all the  artistic  male bondage and torture pictures  from iraq prisons  about  what was he thinking  i think it was his very poor attempt at trying to create this dark private subculture life for woody  s character  car  . it didn  t work . it didn  t even seem to make sense really .  br    br   the only good thing about this film was woody harrelson . he played his character  car  flawlessly . you really did get a great sense of what a  walker  may have been like  say twenty years ago  . he was great and most likely will never get recognized for it .  br    br   as for lauren  lily and kristin . . . boring .  br    br   don  t see it  it is painful  unless you are a true harrelson fan .  
this film is one giant pant load . paul schrader is utterly lost in his own bad screenplay . and his directing is about as comatose as it can be without his actually having been sleepwalking during the process .  br    br   the worst though is woody harrelson  whom i ordinarily like when he  s properly cast . he plays  the walker   a homosexual man in d . c . who plays social companion to the bored wives of the washington elite . he couldn  t have been more one dimensional if he had been cut out of a magazine and bounced around in front of the camera on a popsicle stick . his  southern accent  is that  off the rack  version that decrescendos from the beginning to the end of every line he delivers  as though the heat and humidity of the south is still draining him of every ounce of energy he has . it is monotonous . but  his is not the worst accent in the movie . his  boyfriend   played by moritz bleibtreau  attempts to affect some kind of a mid east accent that is so clumsy he can barely deliver the bad lines written for him . he is incapable of rolling his r  s in spite of the fact that in real life he is german  and speaks several languages  one of them being italian  that  s kind of a good reason to cast someone else don  t ya think   br    br   from the story  to the screenplay  to the directing  to the camera work  to the performances by the leads  this movie is bad from beginning to end . the only tolerable moments in this film came from three supporting actresses lily tomlin  lauren bacall  and kristin scott thomas . only these three managed to make it through this movie with their dignity in tact . in fact  all three are excellent  in spite of being trapped in a really bad film . ufortunately  no one could ever be good enough to redeem this endless series of flaws . if you like these three actresses  watch them in something else . this movie is not worth your time .  
the plot for descent  if it actually can be called a plot  has two noteworthy events . one near the beginning  one at the end . together these events make up maybe   of the total movie time . everything  and i mean  everything   in between is basically the director  s desperate effort to fill in the minutes . i like disturbing movies  i like dark movies and i don  t get troubled by gritty scenes  but if you expect me to sit through   minutes of hazy  dark  literally  scenes with no storyline you have another thing coming . rosario dawson  one of my favorite actresses is completely wasted here . and no  she doesn  t get naked  not even in the nc    version  which i saw .  br    br   if you have a couple of hours to throw away and want to watch  descent   take a nap instead  you  ll probably have more interesting dreams .  
plot is not worth discussion even if it hints at corruption  murder  power and the rest of thriller related topics . characters are interesting though sometimes . not realistic but interesting nevertheless .  br    br   development is slow like tea drinking ceremony . visuals not stunning  but good enough to ease the eye strain . good movie to watch after dinner before going to bed  nothing shocking too much  nothing overexciting . movie sitcom style .  br    br   i liked woody  excellent performance . had to fight the plot inadequacy and did the job pretty good . the rest are bearable though very predictable . the whole is watchable and better than most tv shows .  
this film is about a male escort getting involved in a murder investigation that happened in the circle of powerful men  s wives .  br    br   i thought  the walker  would be thrilling and engaging  but i was so wrong . the pacing is painfully and excruciatingly slow  that even after   minutes of the film nothing happens much . seriously  the first hour could be condensed into ten minutes . that  s how slow it is .  br    br   the fact that it lacks any thrills or action scenes aggravates the boredom . it  s almost shocking that even argument scenes are so plain and devoid of emotion . maybe it is because of the stiff upper lip of the higher social class   br    br   it  s sad that  the walker  becomes such a boring mess  despite such a strong cast . blame it on the poor plot and even worse pacing .  
this movie must be in line for the most boring movie in years . not even woody harrison can save this movie from sinking to the bottom .  br    br   the murder in this movie are supposed to be the point of interest in this movie but is not  nothing is of any interest . the cast are not to bad but the script are just plain awful  i just sat in utter amazement during this movie  thinking how on earth can anyone find this movie entertaining  br    br   the producers of this movie were very clever . they made a boring movie but hid it well with the names of good actors and actresses on their cast . people will go to the blockbuster and probably see this movie and think  woody harrison  kristin scott thomas and willem dafoe this must be good and rent this movie .  boy are they in for a horrible time   br    br   if you like getting ripped off go and rent this movie  some people actually did enjoyed this movie but i like to watch a movie with meaning  
a worn  out plot of a man who takes the rap for a woman in a murder case  the equally worn  out plot of an outsider on the inside who eventually is shut out .  br    br   with such an outstanding case  one would think the film would rise above its hackneyed origins . but scene after scene drones by with no change in intensity  no character arcs  and inexplicable behavior .  br    br   the homosexuality theme was completely unnecessary   or on the other hand  completely unexplored . it seemed to be included only to titillate the viewers . when will hollywood learn that having gay characters does not automatically make a more compelling picture   br    br   a regrettably dreadful movie . when will lauren bacall pick a good one  i expected better of her and kristin scott thomas . this one is definitely one to miss .  
i saw this movie at a drive  in in     . until  howard the duck  i considered this the worst movie i had ever seen . this movie tried to combine all the genera in one comedy  horror  teenage angst  and the hot rod that must have sired  my mother  the car .  maybe it deserves a second viewing to see if it is an accurate reflection of it  s time .  
ghost of dragstrip hollow is a typical      s teens in turmoil movie . it is not a horror or science fiction movie . plot concerns a group of teens who are about to get kicked out of their  hot rod  club because they cannot meet the rent . once kicked out  they decide to try an old haunted house . the only saving grace for the film is that the  ghost   paul blaisdell in the she creature suit  turns out to be an out of work movie monster played by blaisdell .  
  ghost of dragstrip hollow  was one of the many    s movies about hot  rodding teens encountering the supernatural . in this case  the teens can  t pay the rent for their hangout and get evicted . with nowhere else to go  they decide on an apparently haunted house . as you may have guessed  once they arrive  some weird things start happening . and there  s a twist at the end .  br    br   there  s nothing in this movie that you haven  t seen in other movies  but it  s nice entertainment nonetheless . my favorite character was the foul  mouthed parrot . well  let me rephrase that he didn  t talk like a character in a quentin tarantino movie  but he said things that we don  t expect out of a bird . the movie  s pure hokum  but harmless .  
  ghost of dragstrip hollow  appears to take place in a spotless netherworld  an era long gone by  where the biggest sin a kid could commit would be in defying the law and getting a traffic ticket . it opens with a young female auto fanatic getting the business from her arch rival  who pressures her into a car race . that  s about it for the drag  racing   this b  flick is mostly concerned with rock  n roll  man  the folks at american international were obviously fond of decent  square teens who liked to party and yet didn  t mind an adult chaperone . there are a few amusing double entendres and fruity exchanges  necking kid  we thought we  d come out for some fresh air  . . . dad  where did you think you  d find it  down her throat     but the ghost is a little late in arriving . brief at   minutes  the movie cheats us with a climactic car race that actually takes place off  screen and a pre   scooby doo   styled unmasking which makes no sense . however  for nostalgia buffs  some mindless fun .  from   
the characters are unlikeable and the script is awful . it  s a waste of the talents of deneuve and auteuil .  
kareena kapoor in a bikini hmmmmmmmm .  br    br   akshay kumar . . .  br    br   anil kapoor . . . .  br    br   maybe saif . . . .  br    br   kareena kapoor in a bikini . . . . .  br    br   good banner . .  br    br   kareena kapoor in a bikini . . . . .  br    br   not one good reason not to see this movie . . . .  br    br   or so i thought . . . . . . . . didnt these people make jbj . . .  br    br   why o why did i forget that .  br    br   for all the criticism the first half of the movie isn  t that bad . . .  br    br   there is some intrigue and you feel a sort of irritation mixed with excitement that i felt when seeing guy ritchie movies like lock stock and snatch .  br    br   kareena kapoor is sizzling in a very skinny model sort of way .  br    br   akshay kumar is akshay kumar as only he can be .  br    br   anil kapoor is annoying but kind of funny  you almost forget that most of the time you cannot understand him .  br    br   saif is sidey ala main khiladi . . once again .  br    br   there is the occasional laugh and a few chuckles  and a few goosebumps during the kareena  saif love story  kareena in the rain  behind me on my bike hmmmmmmm  .  br    br   but mostly this half promises more than it delivers . . . . .  br    br   which makes the second half all the more unbearable . . . .  br    br   there was almost a cheer when the interval came not only because because of the wet kareena because of what people thought were the things to come .  br    br   instead we were treated to mind numbing torture which is difficult to put in words .  br    br   saif suddenly seam like a comic sidekick . . .  br    br   suddenly the sexy kareena looks anorexic  you realise that the second last floor is now empty and her face looks to big for her body  only girls can notice this and make other guys notice the second last floor was my observation  .  br    br   anil kapoor and his sidekicks get on your nerves .  br    br   akshay kumar is the only one who carries off the madness to some extent but even he become intolerable after a while .  br    br   all the while you are subjected to one absurdity after the other .  br    br   why     what      when     where     what have i done to deserve this . . .  br    br   a collective gasp went trough the audience before every song in the second half  which were ordinary even without the movie around it .  br    br   cannot relieve the trauma anymore . . . .  br    br   conclusion .  br    br   this movie starts of as a buzz which you feel could even turn out to a high but ends up slowly moving towards a headache and then rapidly turns into a full blown migraine attack .  br    br   please don  t watch this movie for any reason other than academic interest .  br    br   s cast  akshay kumar  first half .  br    br      s what  when  how  who to much confusion .  need a book to fill this  .  br    br   s cast  the whole second half  need many pages to fill this  .  br    br   total      im trying to avoid the  s and  s too not seem to extreme but make no mistake this movie is unwatchable no matter how decent the first half is  .  
i rented this on dvd and i kind of feel bad since dawson and lugacy are so earnest about it in the dvd comments . it  s not a bad movie exactly  but it  s one of those films that desperately wants to be a deep comment on human nature while not realizing that its story is practically a genre . plus  it is a little simplistic about the issue in a lot of ways  and the characters  behavior often strains belief . i  d say its a film that you would get something out of if you don  t have a lot of film  tv  literature  life behind you  to be honest  i  ve seen almost exactly the same story in horror comics even  . otherwise  its point has been made before and more artfully . and that gets to the big problem  which is that it really doesn  t have much of cinematic interest to it besides the point . it ends up being a fairly bland movie overall that invests everything in the idea that the basic story will be shocking and compelling  and it doesn  t really pay off .  
vijay krishna acharya  s  tashan  is a over  hyped  stylized  product . sure its a one of the most stylish films  but when it comes to content  even the masses will reject this one . why  the films script is as amateur as a  year old baby . script is king  without a good script even the greatest director of all  time cannot do anything . tashan is produced by the most successful production banner  yash raj films  and mega stars appearing in it . but nothing on earth can save you if you script is bland . thumbs down   br    br   performances anil kapoor  is a veteran actor . but how could he okay a role like this  akshay kumar is great actor  in fact he  s the sole saving grace . kareena kapoor has never looked so hot . she looks stunning and leaves you  all stand up . saif ali khan doesn  t get his due in here . sanjay mishra  manoj phawa and yashpal sharma are wasted .  br    br    tashan  is a boring film . the films failure at the box office  should you keep away .  
the worst movie i have seen since tera jadoo chal gaya . there is no story  no humor  no nothing  the action sequences seem more like a series of haphazard akshay kumar thumbs  up advertisements stitched together . heavily influenced from the matrix and kung  fu hustle but very poorly executed .  br    br   i did not go a lot of expectations  but watching this movie is an exasperating experience which makes you wonder  what were these guys thinking      .  br    br   the only thing you might remember after watching it is an anorexic kareena in a bikini .  br    br   the reason why i did not give a rating of    is that every time i think i have seen the worst  bollywood proves me wrong .  
summer season is here when the choices in the cinemas are limited to what  s the hottest movie of the week  given   .   of the screens dedicated to screening it . ok  so i may exaggerate on the percentage  but you get my drift . besides stuff from hollywood  bollywood too have their own share of highly anticipated blockbusters  and from some of the trailers shown  i  m hyped to watch them too . tashan was billed as one of the most highly anticipated for      but i was quite surprised at the lower than low turnout at the cinemas . when i watched jodha akbar  it was a full house  but it wasn  t for tashan .  br    br   after watching it  i knew why . it was entertaining  but it was fundamentally weak . just like it  s literal english title  which means  style   tashan is all style  but little substance . not that it doesn  t have the usual star power  but scenes felt forced  and some bordered on a tad ridiculous  even for bollywood standards i must say . which is quite surprising given that tashan is directed and written by vijay krishna acharya  who wrote dhoom and dhoom   both of which i enjoyed tremendously .  br    br   in his rookie directorial outing with tashan  while you can  t fault his direction  you  d probably scratch your head over the plot  which was clunky at best . it tried to force too many things into the story  though credit be given where it allowed you some avenue to question character motivation  but that came a little too late  and only toward the finale  which left you guessing for just a moment before it latched into full blown action mimicking many a thai action movie  with hong kong  s wirework and hollywood  s ludicrous firearms and gunplay with zero recoil . and in a bid to include everything including the kitchen sink  you have an assortment of vehicles appearing  and the one that took the cake  in a dhoom  homage  was the jetski boat in the middle of nowhere .  br    br   at best  tashan can be enjoyed as unintentional comedy  and this is attributed to how the cast hammed up with their characters . saif ali khan plays jimmy cliff  a call center executive who gives english tuition  only as a platform for fishing out new girlfriend material . his playboy ways gets junked aside when he meets with pooja singh  kareena kapoor   who  s not exactly who she seems  the meek and sweet natured hottie . she engages jimmy  s services for her boss  mobster bhaiyyaji  anil kapoor   who probably gets most of the laughs as he speaks broken english and phrases must like how an ah  beng does it . and to complete the quartet  akshay kumar plays bachchan pandey  an illiterate gangster for hire who got engaged by bhaiyyaji to hunt down jimmy and pooja when they escape with money stolen from bahiyyaji  s business .  br    br   so begins a road trip of sorts  with friends who turned enemies  and enemies whom you know will become friends as the road trip wears on . jimmy cliff is probably the most implausible of all  because he goes from zero to hero  executing moves that would shame rambo  in absolutely no time  which is quite out of character . kareena kapoor amps up the sex factor as she uses her charms to guile both men  and has plenty of opportunity to do so given the much touted bikini scenes  and other costumes that boast of plunging necklines or hemlines way above the knee . every character has a backstory created  and i thought akshay kumar  s bachchan pandey was probably the best  the most touching and the most fun of the lot  even though his character seemed a lot like a non  green incredible hulk with his gravity  defying leaps and power packing punches . his wounds also heal automatically  which impressively puts wolverine to shame . and the best part is his theme song  which is damn alpha  male and played in ra  ra mode each time he takes on adversaries .  br    br   but sad to say  that  s the only tune that is memorable  something that cheers  bachchan  pandey  bachchan  pandey  . for most bollywood movies i watch  i will usually be able to  despite the obvious language gaps  emerge from screenings humming a tune or two . i wasn  t able to do that after tashan  because the songs unfortunately just weren  t catchy at all . usually the song  dance routine works well into the storyline without any necessity to bring the characters out of the current scene or location . that i enjoy  versus plucking them out and plonking them into extreme settings high atop a mountain  or atop jagged rocks on the beach front .  br    br   tashan probably didn  t take itself too seriously  but coming from vijay krishna acharya  s story  you probably wanted something a little more decent rather than the ridiculous  and for continuity to be a little more careful as well . billed as a blockbuster  now i can start to understand why the crowds have already shunned this one . despite akshay kumr stealing the show  tashan could have been better on the whole .  
shame on yash raj films and aditya chopra who seems to have lost their intelligence over the years and providing steady fare of tripe in this piece of cinematic crap thats not even worth you tube standards . i was gritting my teeth throughout the whole flick start to finish with the schizophrenic direction  plot line that never quite materialized and on the last scene i just felt ashamed that my country and its crorepati film makers can  throw away  crores on such stupidity . shame on the actors for taking this work and even commenting on it as some piece of work they can own up to . saif ali khan  completely disappointed in your choice of film . kareen shows enough skin for the puberty stricken and akshay comes up as the dim  wit . anil another retard with a pubescent fascination for english . his cronies were commendable in their acting and with the bizarre cinematography scattered in the last   minutes  it was enough to pop a blood vessel . don  t waste any brain cells  energy or your money to go see this  go see  rent amu  with konkana sensharma instead  a beautiful piece of independent film thats ever come out of india . intelligent  poignant and a wonderful story  tale that will touch everyone with intelligent actors and gave me hope that all is not lost in indian cinema making .  
first lesson that some film makers  particularly those inspired by hollywood  need to know  just  style  does not sell . i guess tashan when translated will mean style . second  if you are hell bent on selling style  that does not spare you from having a decent story .  br    br   tashan has some story which could have sufficed with some better director . but it is not slick . for example  all three  saif  kareena and akshay  are narrators at different points in the story . but this setup is not utilized to properly . there could have been a better mix and match of their narrations . actions sequences are from the seventies .  br    br   cheoreography of the film is awful . i think vaibhavi merchant just sleep walked through this film . vishal  shekhar have put up a good score but it does not belong to this film . why is there a sufi song  dil haara  in tashan  why is the cool hinglish song  dil dance maare  not on anil kapoor when he is the one who is english crazy   br    br   akshay kumar is the saving grace of the film . but he is in his stereotyped self . you won  t mind missing this film .  
if this is a     product from one of the biggest production houses of indian film industry  yash raj  then i am afraid it is a very long ahead for us to reach the right standards .  br    br   if you can go wrong to this length with such an enormous star cast of anil  akshay  saif and kareena  then movie making is still to be studied much harder by everyone associated with this film . the film lacks in almost all departments except cinematography and akshay kumar . he has a few good dialogues to render but that alone cannot make you enjoy a flick with huge expectations .  br    br   the first scene of a car going down into a river from the mountain has very cheap graphics like that of a cartoon film . that itself was a clear indicator of the director  s vision . every actor who otherwise is an asset to a movie is simply wasted . anil kapoor  s gimmick of attempting good english falls flat most of the times . and saif will surely hit himself thinking why he signed this movie .  br    br   in short it  s the biggest waste of resourses after  jhoom barabar jhoom  . i would say that even  aaja nachle  was a better enjoyable movie than this .  br    br   one cannot understand how and why this kind of script was written and approved . the most unwanted was the flashback sequence of akshay  s love story . after the faulty script the weakest point of the movie is its music . vishal shekhar have given just some filler tunes to each song . the songs start off very well and suddenly the tunes drop drastically . only one song  falak tak chal  is somehow good of all in the lot . an opportunity wasted by vishal shekhar .  br    br   regarding the continuity intelligence of the makers just sample this  akshay and saif are on the road in the hilly area of a foreign location  probably ladakh  . in the next scene they are searching for kareena in haridwar and then back in the hills with kareena in the dicky of their car . i am still thinking who wrote this .  br    br   if you manage to sit till the last then the climax is too long with silly and unnecessary stunts . you can see all the heroes walking through the storm of bullets not hurt as if they are god . are we still seeing a     movie with all these technical heights achieved  so no more words on this pathetic and downgrade movie but a sincere request to senior actors from their fan .  br    br   dear anil kapoor  akshay kumar  if possible please ask for a preview of your movies after their first copy is out . as artists of such stature  you have certain responsibilities towards your fans and viewers . people still clap for you as you enter the screen in your first scenes respectively . i think this kind of movie should not see the daylight as it hampers the reputation of all associated with the movie  the actors and the production house both .  
i had some expectation for the movie  since it had a nice star cast and it is the return of the duo of akshay and saif . well  i was hesitant to watch the movie because this was done by the same man who wrote the story for dhoom franchise because i hated dhoom   but if dhoom  is compared to tashan  i would say dhoom  is very realistic .  br    br   when i saw the credits at the beginning  i felt nice because it was put up in a nice way . well  the very first scene itself pised me off . then  the major drawback of the movie is the action sequences . me and my friends were laughing our guts off watching this crappy fights . it was like akshay against some   thugs and all and the thugs even got machine guns  phew . . . you got to see this to understand how bad the action sequences are .  br    br   the other thing about the movie is the far too predictable story . it reminded me of some of the early    s movies .  br    br   well  the only thing the movie is worth is of sexy kareena  who looked really hot in this one . and for that  i give a rating of  out of   .  br    br   guys  please . . please . . . don  t see this one thinking that it is a real gangster movie . well  you can watch this to have some laughs at the terrible fight scenes .  br    br   thats all .  
the action in this movie beats sunny bhai in gadar . akshay kumar possess the superpowers of leonidus in     neo in matrix along with spiderman and superman . it is hilarious . except for the typical akshay kumar and anil kapoor comedy i cannot see anything positive in this film . the story looks like the writer told his   yr old son to write . the movie is so unreal that anil kapoors long range shooting with a shotgun is the least most mistake by the director . except for the directors tashan to make this movie there is no other tashan . i regret wasting my money on this movie and i would not recommend it to anybody .     is the least i can give on imdb or i would give it a zero .  
i had a lot of expectations from this movie and more so since it was a yashraj film .  br    br   jimmy operates a call centre and one day he is invited by pooja singh to teach her boss  lakhan singh  english . the two fall in love and decide to run away but pooja tells jimmy that she can  t do this as she owes a debt to lakhan singh  who is also known as bhaiyyaji . but they decide and steal money from him and its only then that jimmy finds out that bhaiyyaji  lakhan singh is a don . in the meantime  bhaiyyaji hires a man  bachchan pandey  to track down jimmy and pooja .  br    br   starring saif ali khan  kareena kapoor  anil kapoor and akshaye kumar  the movie is directed by first time director viay krishna acharya and is produced by both aditya chopra and yash chopra .  br    br    tashan  has to be one of the worse films that i have ever watched . yes  the scenery is good and kareena kapoor  and her much publicised weight loss  looks good . but plot is extremely thin on story and at times makes no sense from one scene to the other  hence why i have said at the beginning that i had expected more from this film as it was a yashraj production . with reference to songs  unfortunately  there is not one song that i can remember now .  br    br   there are moments where one can laugh and that is mainly thanks to akshaye kumar and saif could have definitely done better while kareena kapoor played her part well . but this cannot be said for anil kapoor  it did not suit him at all as a villain . lastly  never mind aditya chopra  who in the past has produced and directed good films such as  mohabbatein   what was yash chopra doing by producing such a trash movie   br    br   conclusion bad movie  not worth wasting your time and that is my first and last impression .  
i had no idea what the film is about before i saw it because tashan only had teaser trailers while it was being promoted . so i asked my friends if they knew anything about it and they said that  it is the directorial debut of vijay krishna acharya who wrote the screenplays for dhoom    and saif ali khan  s son ibrahim makes his debut in the film by playing him as a child in his flashback  .  br    br   after watching it  i understood that why their wasn  t a proper trailer because there wasn  t anything in the film to show . the story was extremely dum and even a   year old child can come up with a better story  line . there was hardly any action and the camera shook at every possible angle there is and it  s difficult to figure out that who is killing who . also the action was daft  unrealistic e . g .  man with a handgun managed to kill about    men with machine guns .  br    br   while i was watching tashan it reminded me of  films  br    br   sin city during the opening credits .  br    br   koyla anil kapoor  s terrible english like amrish puri in koyla .  br    br   jhoom barabar jhoom the outrageously ridiculous jokes that are not even a jot funny .  br    br   i also heard the budget is   crores which is the same amount as dhoom  and i don  t know where all the money went to . anyway if you did not like dhoom  then there is absolutely no chance that you will like tashan . race was hot on heels and that is a million times better .  br    br   the only  good songs are dil haara  challiya and both songs are shot in greece at good locations but what is the use of it in a rubbish film  even anil kapoor  s terrible english couldn  t save this discomfiture .  
i don  t want to go too far into detail  because i can  t really justify wasting much time on reviewing this film  but i had to give an alternate opinion to hopefully help people avoid the movie . the animation is crud and the story alternates between boring  pointless to extremely irritating . the humor was completely lost on the audience  and yes  ghost in the shell fans  this is not an action sci  fi or anything like that  its an attempt at slapstick comedy  and the humor just did not work after being translated . it was a total chore to watch this movie  and horrible way for me to kick off the film fest  especially considering how excited i was and how open i was for anything  i wasn  t expecting a ghost in the shell sequel  but i was expecting something entertaining  and it simply didn  t achieve this . yaaawwnnn . . . rent kino  s journey instead .  
tashan  the title itself explains the nature of the movie .  br    br   this type of movies are actually made for flop . what a shame that yash raj films produces such movies those are worthless than c  grade movies . or even some c  grade movies have better and pleasing story than tashan . the much hyped and over  confidently promoted tashan poorly bombed at the box  office which it certainly deserved .  br    br   in my view  this is the worst movie ever made from honourable yash raj films  banner . how come they handled such a heavy project to new vijay krishna acharya who has no actual sense of making action flick  he tried to imitate sanjay gadhvi  s ways of making like dhoom but he suffered at last . the action scenes are more like than comics or cartoon movies made for exhausting the audiences .  br    br   the story also loses in its meaning and substances to tenderly win the audiences  hearts . in most scenes anil kapoor reminds me of southern tamil star rajnikant in his body languages and wordly expressions . i am not a fan of neither saif nor akshay  but the award of kareena should have finally gone to saif   s hand instead of akshay . just from the starting point i expected of it  but at the end it displeased me with the climax truth . saif is the main behind the whole adventure  while akshay joins in the midst . in any movie  the final should be judged with the whole characters of the entire story and the award or say reward should be given to the one who deserves credit . and tashan loses in this way  and unexpectedly failed to become a hit .  br    br   akshay  s has nothing new to show off his comedian talent here but still reminds of his previous movies . he seriously need to form a new image to his fans that would impress them again and again . in between saif did a great job in race  and now he returned again in his hilarious nature through this movie . but he has fully developed himself in the acting field . and last but not the least about kareena . she looks really hot with bikini dress of which some complain as she became too lean . but i myself don  t think so  instead she became slim . yes slim    it is a good factor for a female to attract the major people  or say  male  . beside them it is nice that saif  s son ibrahim appears in the beginning  last as young saif . i hope now he too will lean forward in target of making acting as his career .  br    br   those who like this tashan they are either mentally immatured or still want to go back to childhood  or say want to be admitted in an asylum . thumbs down to debutante director vijay krishna acharya who mishandled the project offered by yash raj films . in future he should experiment and study the script minimum of  years before going into practical directions .  br    br   sorry  i don  t like to rate good stars to this type of junk movies .  
i just saw the movie in theater . the movie has very few good points to talk about . kareena  s beauty and a couple of songs may be . thats it . the movie is a complete disappointment in all areas . anyone associated with the movie will be disappointed  even mumbai indians too  just now chennai has made it to semi  final  .  br    br   but the worst i feel about the movie is the action scenes . now days bollywood is trying to copy action scenes from hollywood . but they forget that hollywood directors takes a lot effect to make it look like real . but unfortunately bollywood directors do not have that much of time . they spend their time on songs and publicity of the movie . now such too stupid action scenes may work in south as the audience just pay to watch their favorite actor killing bunch of people . but in bollywood this is certainly not going to work . all the action scenes i wish i could have forwarded . at the end even some chinese people appear from nowhere to beat akshay kumar . this is height of stupidity . audience is not paying to watch such stupidity . i think bollywood now should forget about the action movies . they cant make it . the last good action i have seen was from  ghatak  and  khiladiyon ka khialdi  . the current scene in bollywood is really sad for action movie fans like me . does these people see their movie after completion  can  t they figure out that the slow motion action  which is done using ropes  is too unrealistic and childish  better not to have action scenes if you cant handle it . i just want to go back to amitabh  s era where movie like zanjeer and deewar were having thrilling action scenes . the sound effect was not very effective in those days  but visually it is much better than current era scenes .  br    br   this movie now should open the eyes of the bollywood movie directors . please don  t make any more action movies  until you acquire the art of making it realistic .  
the storyline was okay . akshay kumar was good as always and that was the only good thing about the movie . kareena kapoor looked bad . there was so hue and cry over her size zero but she did not looked good leaner . i don  t know why the hell did anil kapoor accepted such a bad role . there was nothing much to do for him in the movie . just because it is a yashraj film does not means that an actor should accept the role however bad it is . said ali khan was alright . i think that it is high time that indian directors and producers start thinking of indian customers as intelligent lot . what are we  fools     what do they think  they will show  men taking on a swat squad to teeters and we will believe them . is the indian police so stupid that they are trying to nab some criminals . . . . they take an entire squad of     policemen and no one was there to surround the palace . the action was crap and i have never seen such bad action . akshay kumar was between a circle of      policemen all shooting at him . . . . . and he shooting back at them . none of the policemen  s bullet touched him but he killed all the policemen . crap . crap .  br    br   i think the fight director who thought of this scene should take retirement .  br    br   i strongly recommend not to see this movie .  
i was very displeased with this move . everything was terrible from the start . the comedy was unhumorous  the action overdone  the songs unmelodious . even the storyline was weightless . from a writer who has written successful scripts like guru and dhoom  i had high expectations . the actors worked way too hard and did not help the film at all . of course  kareena rocked the screen in a bikini but for two seconds . i think hindi stunt directors should research how action movies are done . they tend to exaggerate way too much . in chinese films  this style works because that is their signature piece . but  hindi cinema  s signature are the songs . a good action movie should last no more than two hours and cannot look unrealistic . but  in the future  i  m sure these action movies will get much sharper . also to be noted comedy and action films do not mix unless done properly . good luck next time .  
if there is one film which is the worst of this year  it  s tashan the first promo gave an indication that the film will be a boring dhoom  style film  and well i knew first only it would be a bad film whatever it maybe because of it being a yashraj film or maybe seeing the cheesy promo but this film gave me a shock  it was even worst then dhoom  and what i expected first saif  s introduction which is boring then saif  kareena meet  kareena is so artificial and then anil kapoor oh god  what he is doing in such a weird film  what kinda role it is  what acting is he doing  his first scene is alright but then his act gets repetitive and he overacts then came akshay who provided some nice scenes  but then the film became more boring and with all the outdated stuff childhood romance  overdose of childish rajnikant style action scenes and all boring scenes the ending is another joke  br    br   vijay krishna acharya would have got  films more to direct  if this film had worked  thats the strategy of yashraj  only money nothing else so vijay is another addition to their list of crap filmmakers music  vishal shekhar  is ordinary  br    br   performances akshay kumar comes in the film as a whiff of fresh air  he actually provides some engaging moments saif ali khan is irritating  kareena is equally bad anil kapoor hams outrageously and spoils the show even more rest are okay  
absolutely awful movie . utter waste of time .  br    br   background music is so loud that you cannot understand speech . well if you really listen closely  whatever they speak is actually unintelligible .  br    br   camera work is bad  editing is not present  background score gives a headache  action is shoddy  dialogs are unintelligible  acting is abysmal and well kareena used to look like a wrestler  now she looks like a starved wrestler . hell you can slim down but you cannot gain grace .  br    br   after spending three hours watching a movie i want to like it  but this movie would not even allow me that pleasure .  br    br   please if you want to torture yourself  go ahead watch this .  
sometime i fail to understand what do the directors think when they make a movie . . . i had had a trauma after watching welcome       and thought that they wont do it again . but after loads of amazing promos  tashan finally ended as heart attack .  br    br   such amazing  songs in promo  dil haara  chhaliya and tashan mein . . . . . and what u get in the movie  zero story  predictable plot  plenty of akshay kumar stunts and nothing interesting apart from watching kareena after her major weight loss . . .     br    br   music  wise another major disaster . . . in the music album  they have spent time on giving pathetic small dialogs of these  jokers and they haven  t thought of giving the background song of the scenes when akshay kumar is doing stunts . . .  that song is such nice  quite comparable to tashan mein and that is not taken in the music album       if you plan to watch this movie  i would say  watch it to listen to that background song which goes something like . . .  bachchan bachchan pandey . . .   br    br   overall very disappointed even with the way bhaiyyaji has made attempt to speak bad english   br    br   go away man  i need to puke   
i had never thought the standard of yashraj films would ever degrade to such an extent  the film has a nonsense storyline which catches no interest .  br    br   saif has over acted . kareena has improved her figure  but is not a good actress anyway . akshay is good . anil is also good . may i say the role wasn  t good . .  br    br   great deal of cheapness is filled in . wondered if that was supposed to be the  comedy part  of the movie . just because last few movies were flops does that mean yashraj films should make this kind of rubbish  it has a history of so many good films .  br    br   overall  i was totally disappointed with the movie .  
the film lacks style  i mean original style . everything looks copied including action  first appearances in the movie  songs  dialog delivery  etc etc . yes  there the goof  ups were original  like in the beginning a car is shown with number up number and few seconds later it starts falling down a hill with number mh . that was one in many goof  ups of the movie   anything good in the movie  yes  for kareena fans  if there are any  kareena in bikini . for akshay fans  his dialogs and action stunts . thats it . nothing else . so watch it on your own risk and don  t blame the director or actors . director is already insane and actors  i pity them .  
this movie is horrible . the acting is a waste basket . no crying  no action  hopeless songs . though the scenery is great . i have always wanted to go to greece .  br    br   anyway  as for saif  you  d expect a great performance  but even he let down the people .  br    br   akshay kumar  recognized as the pimp of bollywood and the voice of singhs . he was sensational in this movie . for only this performance  filmfare should introduce another award . the toiletries award for the worst performance . by the way the trophy should be a toilet seat .  br    br   kareena kapoor . she first of all is not comparable to her sister karisma . in acting  in looks  or in body . she now wants to prove to herself that she surpasses her . she comes into this movie wearing bikini  s and tank tops and short shorts . i really wonder why saif ali khan is letting his wife  to  be dress like that . but  she must  ve impressed some people dressing like that . and if you ask how  then consider every man is having an erection watching this movie . they are dreaming of having kareena kapoor in bed naked with a condom . including me . personally i think that she dressed like a whore  but i really liked it .  br    br   i am forced to give it a      but i  d really give this movie a     . an unachieved film .  
ok  i am not japanese . i do know a little about japanese culture  and a little less about japanese pop culture . other than that  i am spanish  i eat paella and i like black humor .  br    br   good  with that point set  i can comment on the movie i have no idea on how it is enjoyable to the japanese audiences  mamoru oshii is quite a good director  despite the overly pedantic postmodern stuff in the style of talking head  and even that was curious and somehow interesting  and i am surprised he came up with this . it may just be one of those lost  in  translation cases  i am afraid it is  but as a european viewer watching the film with subtext overloaded english subtitles i just thought it was horrible . the jokes seemed bad  the script was overcooked  i mean  give the audience a break  and shut up a little you damn narrator  to the point of almost making my head explode over an overkill of fast  paced speaking and absurd action .  br    br   however  i thought the animation was really cool . the idea is great  and it is well exploited in those animated scenes . however  the eye  candy finishes as soon as the characters are left aside to start with an endless not funny at all mumbo  jumbo speech over still pictures . it just makes you want to fast forward to the next cut  out hysterical characters scene .  br    br   i read mamoru oshii is actually planning on a sequel for this . the idea was good but horribly exploited . maybe the second part will bring up the good parts of this first one and actually make an interesting movie  or maybe it will be more and more over  narrated scenes . but hell  if you thought talking head was dense  amazing lifes of fast food gifters will give cause you a stroke .  br    br   of course  all this comment is based on the experiences of someone who is european . probably this is totally useless to japanese people  maybe it was a really funny film lost in cultural frontiers and translation . maybe .  
 . . . for this movie defines a new low in bollywood and has set the standard against which all cp must now be compared .  br    br   first off  the beginning did have elements of style . . . . and if handled well  could have become a cult classic  a  la pulp fiction or a desi desperado . . . but the plot  was there one   begins to meander and at one point completely loses it .  br    br   throw in a deranged don with an obsession for english  a call center smart alec  a femme fa tale who can don a bikini and a saree with the same aplomb  a levitating  gravity defying hit  man and a cop with a hundred  or was it a thousand  black cat commandos on their trail . . . . good ingredients in competent hands . but this is where i would like to ask the director sir  what were you smoking   br    br   im sure this movie would be remembered in the annals of bollywood film making  for what must never be done  insult the intelligence of the most brain dead of movie goers .  br    br   possibly the only redeeming feature in this desi matrix plus desperado plus grindhouse caper is the music . . . watch the videos . . . hear the airplay and you wont be disappointed . vishal  shekhar come up with some eminently hummable tunes .  br    br   how i wish the director had spent the money in creating some more eye candy . . . .  br    br   as i sign off  i want to really  badly know how does akshay  s bullet wound vanish in a microsecond . . . what were you editors doing  tashan  maybe . . .  
the sight of kareena kapoor in a two  piece bikini is about the only thing that wakes you up from your sleep while watching tashan  the mega  disappointing  mind  numbing new film at the cinemas this weekend . bad films are bad films and we see some every week  but tashan is not just a bad film  it  s a terrible film . terrible because it takes its audience for granted  terrible also because the filmmakers expect to get away without a plot or any common sense only because they  ve got big movie stars onboard . written and directed by vijay krishna acharya  tashan is what you  d describe as a road movie  but one that  s going in all the wrong directions . saif ali khan stars as jimmy cliff  a call  centre executive who  s hired to teach english to bhaiyyaji  that  s anil kapoor playing an ambitious up gangster  desperate to go cool . jimmy  s got his eye on pooja  the gangster  s pretty young assistant  played by kareena kapoor   who uses jimmy to swindle her boss of   crore rupees . determined to recover his money and also to punish both jimmy and pooja  bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted henchman to do the job . so you have akshay kumar as bachchan pandey  the gangster  s faithful aide from kanpur  who tracks down the culprits and recovers the stolen money that  s hidden across the length and breadth of the country . much like those bad eighties potboilers  tashan too is held together by a threadbare script centred on a vendetta plot . but the treatment  s so over  the  top  so indulgent that it fails to establish any connect . instead of a coherent screenplay or a traditional three  act structure  you get a handful of set pieces around which most of the scenes are loosely constructed . that garish item song in the desert  the bullet  dodging action scene at a rajasthani fort  kareeena  s bikini moment  even that ridiculous climatic action scene complete with shaolin monks  a water scooter zipping through a dirty naala  and believe it or not  even a dhanno  style horse  driven tonga . in all fairness  not all these set pieces are badly done  the item song in the desert is quite neat actually  but very little of it makes any sense in the larger picture  because you  re just going from one piece to another without any help from the script really . little do you expect in a seemingly fast  paced road movie  to find a sickeningly sentimental flashback track about childhood sweethearts . you see the problem with tashan is nobody associated with this film knew what film they were making . what  s more  i don  t think they cared either  the film reeks of arrogance . arbitrarily packing in elements of every genre without actually bothering to stop and see if the mix does work  tashan is like an overcooked stew . there are films that kill you softly  and then there  s tashan  a film that kills you with excess . packaged snazzily with glossy  finish camera  work  exotic locations and fancy costumes  every frame of the film probably cost lakhs to put together  but it still feels like a hollow piece in the end because the story doesn  t hold . borrowing narrative from tarantino and style from stephen chow doesn  t help either because they don  t blend with the film  s wafer  thin plot . one may have complained a little less if the characters were more engaging  but anil kapoor  s grating hinglish dialogue makes you want to slit your wrists  and saif ali khan fumbles through the film foolishly  unable to find his feet . kareena kapoor  meanwhile  queen of over  the  top delivery  does a decent job . but of course  if tashan is salvaged to some extent  it  s thanks to akshay kumar  s irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to the character . you cringe when he  s cupping his crotch repeatedly  and you scowl when he delivers those double  meaning dialogues  but not for a moment can you take your eyes off the screen when he  s up there . despite some good music from vishal  shekhar  the songs seem like they  re only prolonging your misery . well that  s because tashan is a test of your patience . in case you didn  t know  tashan means style . i  m sorry to say  this film has none .  
such a long awaited movie . . but it has disappointed me and my friends who had gone to see the movie on the first day . . from the trailers it looked like a action movie  but it turned out to be a out  out comedy  a bad comedy  . but one thing that deserves appreciation is the acting by these professional actors  they  ve done their part of the movie very well . good acting  but i don  t think that can save the movie . . india has been shot beautifully . kerala  rajasthan   ladakh   were all saturated with color  alright . nevertheless the way the intrinsic beauty of these places was shot made me want to find out exactly where those places were and when i could go there     br    br   action sequences were shot very shabbily  no one could make out head  tail of the stunts  they  ve used akki  akshay kumar  very well but could  ve been done much much better . .  br    br   animation is the worst i  ve seen in recent movies     s movies had better animation scenes i guess  initial scene where the car is falling off  flying should be better word  the road into lake  .  br    br   and the movies name has been mentioned nearly every   to   mins  just to make sure audiences don  t forget the movie name i guess . .  
i would have liked to write about the story  but there wasn  t any . i would have liked to quote a couple of hard hitting dialogs from the movie but  hinglish  is only funny for like  minutes  after that its overkill . i would have liked to swoon over the  keep  u  guessing suspense  but it was as predictable as . . . um mm  a yash raj movie    . i would have liked to talk of the edge  of  the  seat action  but i don  t like cartoons much .  br    br   sigh  br    br   all in all  this movie is perfect for  . people attempting suicide  i promise it  ll push you over the edge  . sado  masochists  this movie is way more effective than the barbed wire that silas guy in the da  vinci code wore .  . people researching alternative ways to spread terrorism  i swear the audience leaving the hall seemed to be in a mood to kill someone  . movie piraters more power to them . if any movies deserves to not have the audience spending money to watch  this is it .  . barnacles  most types of plankton  green algae  because almost all other living things would require an iq factor somewhat greater than what the movie offers . afterthought the director of the movie  obviously  is a species of his own .  and i hope to god that he is the only one of his kind . . one is enough   br    br   things that could have made this a better movie  . a story  . a choreographer  . a screenplay writer  . a stunt coordinator  . a story  did i already say that    . a director  preferably one who is not mentally challenged  although even one who was challenged could have done a better job   . anil kapoorbubonic plague  avoid at all costs  . a statutory warning   watching yash raj movies is injurious to your mental health    br    br   things i liked about the movie  . kareena kapoor  for obvious reasons  . the english sub  titles   mera dil kho gaya  becomes   my heart is in a void    chaliya chaliya chaliya  turns into  im a flirt  im a lover  im a vagabond  . . priceless .  br    br   in short  tashan to me  is like the opposite of a rubrics cube  the cube is supposed to increase the iq of the player  tashan promises to lower your iq  and that . . in a mere  .  hours  woot   br    br   sigh . . but thats just me . i could be wrong you  ve been warned anyways .  
this is the biggest flop of     . i don know what director has is his mind of creating such a big disaster . the songs have been added without situations  the story have been stretched to fill the  hrs gap and most disgusting are the action stunts performed by the actors it  s like everyone are having superpowers they can run in between the bullets are fire and nothing happens to them and one person fighting with    people . only the best performance was by anil kapoor man he is all time at his best playing the role of villain with a comic act speaking hinglish . . . akki is also done a good job . . . . but the movieee just forget it .  
all the world said that the film tashan would be a good movie with great pleasure  but this is not the case . vijay krishna acharya made a serious mistake to take as an actress kareena kapoor . she was unbearable throughout the film . her tom  boy look does not really goes well . even the film the story of the film is not making sense at all . everyone said that the quetin taratino of india is vijay but its not at all quetin . the talent anil kapoor was involved in this stupid movie . anil is an actor of large caliber and this film is not . akshay kumar has also been a victim of this film as all is saif . the style and the phoormola is not really good in this film i was disappointed  
i wasn  t terribly impressed with dante  s  st season offering in  homecoming   it wasn  t much of a horror story  but rather a smart political statement with the undead . screwfly situation is the story of a virus unleashed on the world that causes men  s sexual drive to replaced with murderous tendencies toward women . the episode starts out all right with a short film explaining the way the screw fly was killed of by scientists . then there is short scene where a man is arrested when females bodies are discovered in his home . i assume this is supposed to show the beginning of the outbreak  but is unclear because this is never revisited . the episode go ons for a while introducing characters blah blah blah . it seems cool and mysterious but the episode stars to get worse and worse as it lurches forward until its sad and unsatisfying end . the worst episode . well  except for chocolate .  
i  ve now written reviews for several of the moh episodes  and this is among the worst . an interesting premise at the beginning is completely abandoned by the time the credits roll . if watching people things they never would in real life amuses you   let  s check out the basement     then this is your show . except  it  s not amusing or entertaining  it  s just annoying .  br    br   the extent of the virus is never  ever showed . i can very much overlook the fact that it affects men only  as the resulting situation is very  very frightening . but then things deteriorate as daughter lets obviously deranged dad into the home  and ultimately dies at his hands . the woman flees north  and runs into a few tens situations . then  some sort of spirit or alien or something appears and saves her  things that make you go huh   . or something . then  she is huddling for warmth . the end .  br    br   awful . these directors are mailing this tripe in .  
masters of horror the screwfly solution starts as america is being infected by an airborne virus that affects the male population  when aroused men indiscriminately kill any woman in sight apparently in the name of god . scientist alan  jasn priestley  is brought in by the government  knows more than most  senses the situation may have gone too far already so he tells his wife anne  kerry norton  to take their teenage daughter amy  brenna o  brien   try to survive as the future of the human race may depend on them . . .  br    br   this canadian american co  production was episode  from season  of the masters of horrror tv series  directed by joe dante i thought the screwfly solution was pretty bad . i personally think the script by sam hamm sucks  it takes itself far too seriously  i don  t really understand why it  s part of the masters of horror series  the horror that the filmmakers are going for in the screwfly solution is in the actual story itself  themes  ideas it brings up rather than on screen visual horror particularly the tenuous ecological message it sees intent on ramming down our throats whenever it  s gets the chance during it  s short   odd minute running time which i felt itself was a problem as the thing just finishes out of what could easily be interpreted as necessity rather than any meaningful attempt to wrap things up . i wasn  t happy with the inconsistencies with the story either  if men only kill when sexually aroused why does the flight attendant casually break that woman  s neck on the plane  was he sexually aroused  i think not . why does every bloke then think he  s killing in the name of god  i just can  t see every single bloke on earth suddenly knowing the bible  starting to believe in god  i just found the notion ridiculous  the show also states clearly that there  s nothing religious about what  s going on so what  s the deal with everyone thinking they have a divine to murder any woman they see  then there  s the fact people get turned on by different things  what about gays for instance  will they kill guys instead of women  i know there  s a brief scene which makes a joke out of the gay issue but it  s conveniently brushed to one side  then there  s the thing which annoyed me the most . the fact that presumably every bloke on earth has turned psycho  killed all the women they go about their everyday business like nothing ever happened  it just felt so stupid  the plotting is rubbish  to round things off there  s a ending which looks like it was taken from a rejected episode of the x  files            with a bright neon alien .  br    br   director dante on this showing definitely doesn  t qualify as a master of horror as far a i  m concerned  the story is badly paced  it  s just so stupid considering it  s played deadly straight  instead of trying to make a proper horror show he turns in more of a thriller with it  s deadly virus on the loose situation  the subsequent mother  daughter on the run because of it  there  s very little here in the way of what i would call effective horror  even less gore . there  s a scene when a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle  a brief scene after when a guy stabs his own groin with said bottle  another woman is stabbed in the stomach but nothing else to write home about .  br    br   technically like the other episodes it  s really good  it doesn  t have the look of a cheap tv series  the special effects are great as usual  it  s well made . the acting is alright but no  one really stood out .  br    br   the screwfly solution is easily the worst masters of horror episode i  ve seen but bear in mind i haven  t seen all of them . . . yet . as a stand alone piece of entertainment it did nothing for me  as a show made by a so  called master of horror it disappoints me even more .  
i love the frequently misnomered  masters of horror  series . horror fans live in a constant lack of nourishment . projects like this  and the similar  greenlight project  with gave us  feast   like it or lump it  are breeding grounds for wonderful thought bubbles in the minds of directors with a horror bent to develop and bring to maturation food for we who love to dine on horror .  br    br   this one began with a kernel of really  kool  idea and ran . . . right off the edge of  where in the world am i going with this      .  br    br   i don  t know how to spoil the spoiled but  spoiler ahead  all of a sudden . . . no  there was that light drifting across the night sky earlier . . . we have long haired luminescent aliens  huh  . . . huh   brain drilling males and . . . yeah  i get it but . . . well . . . the worst curse of storytelling  a rousing and promising set up without a rewarding denouement .  br    br   cue to storytellers . . . your build up has to have a payoff that exceeds build up . not the other way around . storytelling math    .  br    br   end of spoilers  big oops   
jewish newspaper reporter justin timberlake  as joshua  josh  pollack  is puzzled when a courtroom defendant whispers  thank you  to testifying officer ll cool j  as rafe deed  as he leaves the witness stand . in the opening sequences of this film  you are given the explanation . you will see mr . cool j  s devilish detective partner dylan mcdermott  as frances  laz  lazerov  decide not to murder damien dante wayans  as isaiah charles  . the cops in the city of  edison  are so corrupt they shoot their suspects  steal their money  and snort their dope . whether he  s out to impress his girlfriend  herein  called  pussy   or win a pulitzer  the city  s corruption does not sit well with the noble mr . timberlake .  br    br   timberlake decides to investigate the corruption  which reaches both unexpected scope and life  threatening levels of danger . writer  director david j . burke keeps the film above water  but just barely . ll cool j beats timberlake in the  pop star to movie star  sweepstakes  aka the  rapper to actor  progression  . mr . mcdermott has fun with his role . lending gravitas to the proceedings are sagely supporting actors morgan freeman  as moses ashford  and kevin spacey  as levon wallace  . f . r . a . t . means first response assault and tactical  but it  s more important to know that  edison  force   stars justin timberlake and ll cool j  not morgan freeman and kevin spacey  who seems lost  .  br    br    edison          david j . burke  justin timberlake  ll cool j  morgan freeman  dylan mcdermott  
a huge disappointment from writer hamm and director dante . their previous collaboration on the first season  s  homecoming  was twisted and darkly hilarious in all the right ways . this poor handling of an intriguing premise left me bewildered . the supposed  payoff  showing generic aliens extracting something from the brains of the infected psychopaths was completely unsatisfying and explained nothing . if the point of the story was an extraterrestrial  cleaning  of the planet of it  s human infestation  why did they go about it in such a gratuitously sadistic and misogynistic fashion  why not just unleash a completely lethal virus a la stephen king  s  the stand  instead of having the male population butcher the females  i kept hoping the episode would improve as i kept watching but it just got more pretentious and preposterous . the religious subtext simply seemed forced but it was clear sam hamm must have thought it was profound by the weight he gave it . i like a lot of both dante and hamm  s work but this was just unwatchable .  
i gave this  stars because it has a lot of interesting themes many here have already mentioned . from the domestic violence  to sexuality and many of the taboos therein . outside of the gore i really would not call this horror so much as i would science fiction .  br    br   it  s bleak  depressing and hopeless . while i don  t mind a less than cheery ending  i  m really very tired of the  humans suck  clich that  s central to every movie . i know you can  t get a liberal arts degree today without bowing to the alter of self  hatred as a member of the human race  but how  s  bout as a writer  director we pretend we are different than everyone else in the pack and notice that the aliens killing the human race are evil  right now  if you are reading this and believe that humanity deserves to die  just go out  find a lake and swim  til your arms are tired . this way you won  t be around to direct the next film or write the next book telling me i deserve to die for being alive . it  s silly  not thoughtful  and boring .  
warner bros . made many potboilers in the     s and most of them are fast paced  economical and very entertaining . i really love how the studio exploited the less glamorous elements of our daily life . this is one of warner  s few hard  edged melodramas that simply doesn  t work . edward g . robinson plays a ruthless editor of newspaper who resurrects the    year old story of a murderess with tragic consequences . robinson gives a lively performance but he is surrounded by actors that don  t cut the mustard . h . b . warner  aline macmahon and boris karloff are good  but the bad acting of frances starr and anthony bushell in the second leads really hurts the movie . starr is particularly bad during her big dramatic scene near the end of the movie . in addition  the moralistic tone of the film seems ridiculous in the context of pre  code hollywood . leroy  s direction is full of innovative visual touches but he cannot overcome the bad acting and the unintentionally funny situations . sol polito  s camera work is strong . somehow  this piece of dreck got an oscar nomination for best picture  in a year that gave us  m    dracula  and  frankenstein   .  
a little girl  s dead body is found stripped of all possible means of identification . when it is discovered that one leg is longer than the other  it is assumed to be the body of a couple  s missing daughter . after this trauma  the couple separates and the mother becomes addicted to tranquilizers and leads a miserable existence . all of this changes when one day  many years later  she receives a phone call from her daughter  with the help of an ex  cop and a reporter  she sets out on a journey to determine if her daughter is indeed alive .  los sin nombre  is a mess plot  wise  moves at an achingly slow pace  and is completely unscary . the saving grace is emma vilarasau  who does an outstanding job as the desperate mother . the best part of the movie is the ending  but i  m not sure it is worth enduring the rest of the film . beware of the english subtitles on the recent r  release   they aren  t very accurate .  
i  m not alone in admiring the first superman movie  a film that richard donner executed masterfully . i am also not alone in scorning richard lester  s superman  . . . which brings us to the richard donner cut of the same movie  sadly it is still an absolute abomination .  br    br   superman  s world is one where suspension of disbelief is required in strong doses  but superman  stretches things too far . it doesn  t matter who directed superman  because the script insults the intelligence of a first grader . in a sense there is no plot because the characters have zero motivation to act the way they do  unlike the original superman . with or without his powers  superman  s strength  or lack thereof  is handled in the least believable manner . there is too much to criticize  so i will not bother . i condemn this movie . . . perhaps the slapstick in the lester version is more appropriate to the moronic script this movie is based on . super  duper bad .  
i grew up on the  superman ii  theatrical version   s  t   and as a kid  i loved it more than part i since not only did it contain more superman and three superman  type villains  it started off with a bang  the best clark kent to superman transformations and rescue scenes . kids no longer had to impatiently wait for superman to appear on screen  as in part i . now as an adult  i can see how the mighty had fallen with s  t  see my review .  i  ve always heard of the back  story on how they prematurely and unjustifiably fired the original  s director  richard donner from part ii .  it must have been a rarity back then to film two separate movies simultaneously  now it  s common  back to the future  and  matrix     for example .  unfortunately  after finally seeing the richard donner cut  or   s  rd   i still can  t fully recommend it . gone  was the great superman change scene  the entire paris rescue  as was the wonderful recap of part i in s  t  s opening . in fact  they all but wrote the words  previously on superman  in s  rd . the special effects weren  t great in either part i or s  t  but s  rd  they were mostly downright laughable  such as lois falling from the daily planet window . i will admit  some new scenes worked and some they took out were welcomed departures  such as any scene in the  honeymoon suite .  overall  if you grew up on s  t as i did  and loved it as a child  not nitpicking as i do as an adult  you should absolutely see s  rd as it  s almost a brand new childhood experience with dozens of new scenes .  spoiler alert  unfortunately  the worst change comes last gone was also the weird amnesia kiss from s  t replaced with the exact same ending as  i .  this is not only a lazy  unoriginal copout  it doesn  t make sense on why clark would go back to that diner  if those events never actually happened . and will he continue to  turn back time  for every confrontation   
so . . . we get so see added footage of brando . . . interesting but not exactly oscar worthy stuff . susannah york was hardly a slouch . new scene where lois finds out clark is superman is slightly unbelievable in that he doesn  t notice that there are blanks coming out of the gun instead of real bullets . real bullets would have penetrated his clothes and then bounced off him onto the floor but forget that . . . let  s listen to donner make fun of lester  s version that made more logical sense . the president talks of the zod  defacing  the washington monument when it was originally mount rushmore . tweaking that scene made that line quite absurd . superman  s  freedom of the press  line sounded silly compared to  . . care to step outside  which was delivered better and had a fitting connection to clark  s earlier scene in the truck stop . then there is the ending with the  turn back the world to go back in time  effect . it turned back everything in the whole movie and made you wonder where exactly the rocket aimed for hackensack  n . j . ever went since it doesn  t free zod and company any more .  
superman ii  the richard donner cut should be a fan  s dream come true . at long last  footage only seen in photos and scenes that only existed on the printed page would finally come to life . a director that was unable to complete his vision would have the opportunity to have his vision restored . it seems like a winning situation . and then you start watching this assembly of footage and you realize this  esoteric dream  is a very real nightmare of sloppiness and incompetence . while it  s entirely possible that no movie could compete with the finished perfect version each of us has imagined over the years it really should have been a thrill to finally see this project . and it is only a very few times .  br    br   you know things are shaky when the very first bit of text on screen looks like home brew computer graphics . but then we start seeing new footage  alternates from superman  the movie for the trial  and that first bit of hesitation fades away . hey  this is pretty neat  things are alright for these few fleeting moments until we see footage from stm intermixed with new effects for this project  and it doesn  t convince at all . and from this point on  it never ever lets up . it  s probably not right to judge a movie because of bad visual effects  but when this is supposedly the direct follow up to a movie whose tag line was  you  ll believe a man can fly  it  s difficult to believe anything shown on screen here . the best effects in this are from the original productions .  br    br   another issue with this re  cut . a lot of it just doesn  t make sense . the only reason any of it really works is because we  ve all seen the theatrical version of superman ii  a movie that does make sense . lester  s superman ii fills in the holes of this assembly . part of this could be because donner didn  t get to complete shooting  the other part could be because the makers of this project were intent on using as little lester material as possible . what we end up with is an assembly of footage that makes superman iv look airtight and coherent .  br    br   after viewing this  one gets the sense that while lester was faithful and comfortable using donner material  michael thau and his team were extremely disrespectful towards anything filmed by lester . the best scenes in the donner cut are the ones lifted relatively intact from the released version of superman ii . that includes the moon sequence and the diner sequence  not ironically  both were filmed by donner . but anything else from that movie filmed by lester is re  edited in such a hasty fashion  that it now makes lester seem like a ham fisted know nothing . while lester honored the donner material  lester here is thrown under the bus .  br    br   so is there anything good in this release  well marlon brando is in it  and that  s neat to see . in fact watching any of the material shot by donner is neat since it was all filmed at the same time as superman  the movie . but that only highlights the problems of this release . any of the major scenes  really just lois jumping and scenes with marlon brando  would have been better served as completed scenes in a deleted scenes section . instead they are shoe horned into a nonsensical narrative with inferior performances  many alternate takes from familiar scenes are used  sloppy edits and bad decisions .  br    br   watch the opening scene at the daily planet . why are we looking at jackie cooper  s back as he calls for lois and clark  at the end why do we have lois walking into her dark apartment only to have that followed by jackie cooper walking into a dark bathroom turning the lights on  i was initially confused by this  because i expected to see lois . the entire assembly is filled with questionable choices like this .  br    br   battle scenes are a mess too  with no geography between cuts . it  s just random action . of course  the major action scenes were shot by lester and his material is only used as a bridge to the next set of donner outtakes or alternates . they should have used more of lester  s footage  but probably had too much pride to admit that .  br    br   the sloppiness extends to the military missile as well . as noted elsewhere  the missile shown in the donner cut bears the designation  xk    while we all know it  s the  xk      a blind man in stm knows that  the producers of this assembly  who tried so hard to honor the original film  dropped the ball less than five minutes in and that mistake is indicative of the quality of the entire production . for all the supposed care that was put into this  the final product has an air of shoddiness to it that is inescapable .  br    br   the entire affair would probably be easier to digest if warner  s didn  t make this a separate release here in the states . as it is  we  re expected to pay for what is essentially a bonus disc of deleted scenes with a  play all  option . it  s really only worth one viewing so that we can finally see the legendary cut scenes  but after that initial viewing  i expect that this will be an excellent magnet for dust and little else . i know after my experience of watching this  i had new respect for lester  s version . it  s by no means perfect  but lester realized the deficiencies that were in the script that stand out here in bold relief . he managed to make a movie that has entertained for many years and will continue to do so  while this new re  cut will most likely only be remembered as a footnote in that films history .  
i was fascinated as to how truly bad this movie was . was the viewer supposed to learn something  or reflect on anything here  what was up with the pumpkins  was i supposed to be impressed with the motel shots  does it matter that there are some garbage bags on a rooftop across the street of a hotel  why does the narrator unsuccessfully mock the people he interviews  it is so obvious that he edited out the really informative parts of his interviews to achieve mockery  . the best part of the movie was the interview with the film professor who tells us how bad this movie will be even before it is finished .  br    br   i am truly amazed . i believe that the creator is struggling to become an intellectual or is trying to impress the intellectual community .  
i was expecting a documentary that focused on the tobacco industry in north carolina . instead i watched a man who rues the fact that his great grandfather lost his tobacco empire to the duke family . and this went on and on . if mr . mcelwee  s family had prevailed over the dukes i doubt that mr . mcelwee would have any problems with the death toll caused by tobacco  related diseases . i grew up near the area where mr . mcelwee  s family began it tobacco business  i expected more than mcewee  s continual focus on his family . i learned very little about the history of tobacco in the nc economy and the ramifications to the state  s economy by tighter regulation of tobacco . the countless references to the movie  bright leaves  are out of place  so what if gary cooper played mr . mcelwee  s great grandfather  does the viewer gain any understanding of the role of tobacco in the north carolina economy by the showing of old film clips of a fictionalized film  i didn  t .  
when you go at an open air cinema under the greek summer night you usually don  t care what the movie is  edison started really good with some good effort from the singers  who  want  to  be actors and a once again great morgan freeman but . . .  in a movie there is usually a good start to catch audience  done  a bit boring yet story filling middle of the movie that is more about characters and less about action  done  and the third part is something really good so that you can remember the movie . . .  when you see   elite police officers  packed with weapons that can demolish a building  shoot at a guy behind a car  fail to hit him even once while he kills all  but   and then the guy takes out a flame thrower  to kill the rest    you realise that the greek summer sky filled with stars is way too good to be distracted by a movie like this   
the author sets out on a  journey of discovery  of his  roots  in the southern tobacco industry because he believes that the  completely and deservedly forgotten  movie  bright leaf  is about an ancestor of his . its not  and he in fact discovers nothing of even mild interest in this absolutely silly and self  indulgent glorified home movie  suitable for screening at  the director  s  drunken family reunions but certainly not for commercial  or even non  commercial release . a good reminder of why most independent films are not picked up by major studios  because they are boring  irrelevant and of no interest to anyone but the director and his  her immediate circles . avoid at all costs   
  the curse of frankenstein  sticks faithfully to mary shelley  s story for one word of the title  which wouldn  t be so bad if the changes were any good at all . the tragedy of the creature destroying frankenstein  s family has been completely excised and replaced with . . . nothing . the heart and moral centre of the story is gone . it doesn  t help that this frankenstein is a conniving  devious murderer he deserves everything he gets . the plot is basically a shallow checklist of frankenstein clichs . even taken on its own terms  this is rubbish a bland  rambling film featuring a shite  looking creature with a pudding bowl haircut . as it  s the first of hammer  s horror films  directed by terence fisher and starring peter cushing and christopher lee  its place in horror history is secure . but it  s crap .  
nintendo    you ers    how could you do this to me  i can  t believe it . . . this movie is actually worse than the first one . i went to see this at the theatre with my brother because my mother forced me to tag along . . . . oh god . . . where do i even begin  the plot sucked . the voice acting sucked . the animation sucked . the ending really sucked . if you liked this movie  you suck too . and to futuramafan      who said this was the greatest movie ever  you are a tool  plain and simple . this isn  t a movie for anyone but crack  addled ten  year olds with game boys who think pikachu is god . i  m still cry to this day thinking about that horrible turd of a movie . . . . and then there was pikachu  s adventure . . . don  t even get me started on that horrible mess of a film . it is  in all truth  one of the most boring experiences of my entire life . don  t go watch this at any costs .  br    br   bottom line go out  find every copy of this movie that you can  and burn it . burn them all  and then proceed to rent a good movie  like aliens . . . or bowling for columbine . . . or even back to the future   
now i have never ever seen a bad movie in all my years but what is with songs in the movie what physiological meaning does it have . wow some demented pokmon shows up and they multiply i can get a seizure from this . animie is pointless the makers of it are pointless its a big marketing scheme look just cut down on songs and they will get a good rating i reckon that this movie would have been fine if they put out a message you must see all the pokmon episodes to understand whats going on and it is not a film . it is just an animation it should be on video .  br    br   ps i  ll give it a  because i just got  bucks i could not give it a half because there  s no halves .  
pokemon the movie was a terrible film . unlike the first one  this is not a good film at all . the graphics were decent but the story was flat and no real drama was built up in it . in the first one the interaction between the characters were decent . the subtraction of brock and addition of tracey was bad . tracey really doesn  t have much to say or do  and unlike brock offers no comic relief . the only good points is you get to see misty actually get jelous over ash  and her early brooding over being called his girlfriend was entertaining . overall this film isn  t worth renting and the short movie before didn  t do anything for me or my wife . and we do consider ourselves pokemon fans . oh well  maybe the next one will be better . cant ge t much worse  
much worse than the original . it was actually painful to sit through  and it barely held my six year old  s interest .  br    br   introduction of some new pokemon is marginally interesting  but storyline is extra  thin  dialogue is still bad  and music is mediocre . watch the television show instead  it  s much better .  
i recently watched this again and there  s another version which is shorter     . i get the feeling they are the same movie but i would like to know the difference .  br    br   one is japanese and no pikachu short is all i can come up with . ohtherwise why vote for the same movie twice    br    br   prof ivy was rather boring . she sounded as if she was almost asleep  no expression at all with the few lines she had .  br    br   this was enjoyable enough but there wasn  t much to it at all .  br    br   a collector  whos after lugia  he has no plan to destroy the world  and the usual characters who try to stop him because trying to capture lugia causes a lot of destruction .  br    br   the pokemon movies that follow are slightly better  deoxys  poke   is great  with no .  almost here .  
i figured that it  s about time i let this one out . pokmon fans are suffering in america these days . why  because we rely on kids wb and  kids entertainment to provide us with our beloved series and movies . as far as the series goes  they do a pretty good job in bringing the fun and magic of the japanese versions to television . so what is their problem when it comes to the movies  honestly now  i have seen all three pokmon movies in japanese and i will definitely be seeing the fourth one . they are excellent movies . they are all enjoyable and fun to watch . and  after seeing pokmon     in theaters  i can  t help but wonder how these american producers read the japanese scripts . the way it appears  it seems that they read and see something that says insert empty moral here  in big bold faced letters . it definitely appears that way as they used the same wonderful dubbing methods they used on msb  extreme sarcasm there  and created this crap .  br    br   possible spoilers from here on  br    br   well  i guess i should first talk about pikachu  s rescue adventure . my first gripe with this came with no narration . i guess they got enough bad comments on the pokdex narration that plagued pikachu  s vacation  and  instead of going with a caring  gentle woman  s voice as appeared in pikachu no natsu yasumi and pikachu tankentai  they just cut the narration all together . this wouldn  t have been a problem  except for one thing . did anyone really understand why the exeggcute didn  t let togepi go until the end  possibly the fans  but i  m sure not the parents . then  there  s the theme song . i couldn  t help but roll my eyes at this one . the japanese theme song was tankentai wo tsukurou  and was sung by japanese children . it was fun and enjoyable . this one nauseating . now  one of my favorite parts of the short was the dancing kireihana . nice music  fun to watch . that  s changed with the bellossom . the music sucked for one  but on top of that  they had all the pokmon talk during the music  which turned out to be jumpy  annoying  and just unnecessary . oh  and then there  s the poliwhirl who thinks he  s a poliwrath . you  d think that guys that work with these characters constantly would at least learn what they are . basically  not much could save this little ill fated dub  which is very unfortunate considering its potential . but  i haven  t touched on the worst of it yet .  br    br   you  d think that the warning signs would  ve been apparent to me when i received my issue of nintendo power . for some unfathomable reason  i had been placing some faith in  kids and the wb . my thoughts were well  they screwed up on the first movie  but the second is different as far as the theme goes  so they should do well .  that in mind  i just didn  t pay attention to the warning signs i encountered in the theaters when the trailers said  you will believe that one person can make all the difference .  with the way they said that at every turn  i was hoping that this would not turn into a moral fest like msb did at the end of the english version . then comes nintendo power  in which i see all my fears realized in the words the main feature  the power of one .  at that point  i became a bit more uneasy . the power of one    not a good sign . however  i still kept some of my false faith . big mistake .  br    br   sitting in the theater  i was literally getting stomach cramps watching another movie which i loved in japanese being turned into complete and utter junk . i hear comments that say it was better because the moral was more subtle . i can see a point in that since they didn  t pander this thing  repeating it over and over like in msb . however  it did more damage than anything else in this movie . first of all  the legend that was read throughout was changed a bit to read the world turns to ash .  ah hah . so  ash is the chosen one  whatever . in the japanese version  the inhabitants of arshia needed a pokmon trainer to carry out their traditional ceremony . this time  he  s the chosen one . a greater way that this did damage was to lugia . lugia was one of the coolest characters in a pokmon movie . . . . when the movie was about lugia . in this one  lugia is forced to take a back seat to ash . in the scene where they  re flying back to the main island  lugia and ash are discussing the conditions of lugia  s existence  not that ash is going to make all the difference . overall in this category  ash wasn  t really the one person  that would make the difference  since he was helped by many along the way .  br    br   a lot of the other stuff is kind of nit picking . furura  s flute song wasn  t nearly as sweet and enjoyable as the japanese one . jirarudan  s speech to them saying his collection started with a mew card   ugh . even worse  misty  s outrage originally concerned the way moltres and zapdos were being held . why didn  t you put them in pokballs when you caught them  this is like caging them to be displayed .  much different from whining about him thinking pokmon are things to be collected like stamps . if there were any real redeeming values in this  they came from team rocket . some pretty funny lines . not really to make me laugh out loud  but more to make me giggle and slightly ease the pains in my stomach . well  that was officially the last american pokmon movie i  m going to see . i  ve imported the third one and find it very enjoyable . i would rather not see another japanese movie be ruined in the same fashion as the first two . i  ll be importing the fourth one as well . forget you  kids wb and  kids . you have forsaken me for the last time .  
a cowboy sympathetic to the plight of a nearby indian tribe is wrongly accused in the rape and murder of the chief  s daughter  leading to much hate and violence .  br    br   this crackpot nudie feature is fun to look at  though thoroughly impossible to defend on any artistic level . the terrible costumes and the fact that all the indians are obviously white  makes this look more like a live action cartoon than the serious production that it  s press materials pretends it to be .  br    br   in short  the plentiful nudity  the real reason for watching this  is good . everything else is not . there  s definitely better examples of both genres .  br    br   more interesting is that the ramrodder was filmed at the infamous spahn movie ranch and features not one  but two members of the manson family  catherine share and bobby beausoleil  who was probably already in the can for murder at the time this hit the soda  stained screens of the pussycat theater   
this is an awful film . yea the girls are pretty but its not very good . the plot having a cowboy get involved with an indian maiden would be interesting if the sex didn  t get in the way . well  okay it might be interesting  but its not  because its so badly paced and and only partly acted . i can only imagine what the close ups of the dancing tushes looked like on a big screen  probably more laughable then they do on tv .  i won  t even mention the topless knife fight between two women who are tied together and spend the whole thing chest to chest . never read about that in the old west  this is a film that requires liberal use of fast forward .  br    br   i like schlock films but this is ridiculous . there is a reason that i don  t go for this sort of films and that they tend not be very good  the plot taking a back seat to breasts . the original nudie cuties as they are called were originally nudist films or films where there was no touching but as the adult industry began to grow the film makers either tried to be clever or tried to exploit something else in order to put butts in seats . the clever ones were very few which only left hacks who were of limited talent . the comedies often came off best with the humor approaching the first grade level  infantile but harmlessly fun . something that could rarely be said about any other genre cross dressed as a nudie .  br    br   the ramrodder looks good and has a couple of nice pieces but its done in by being neither western nor sex film .  br    br   i need not watch this again .  br    br   of interest to probably no one  the rapist and killer in the film was played by bobby beausoleil  a member of the manson family who was arrested for murdering a school teacher not long after filming wrapped .  br    br   obviously these sort of things will ruin some peoples lives .  
ok so i hear about this new justin timberlake movie coming out which features some pretty big names . i mean great actors like  the freeman aka morgan freeman  an asset to hollywood  however completely wasted in this film . then we got kevin spacey  who i  ve been a great fan of ever since i watched american beauty and the usual suspects . both of these great actors probably signed on to the movie thinking it was going to be a great movie as i did when i heard the story . then enter a fresh faced justin timberlake . i say fresh faced because this is his first movie and those rotten tomatoes haven  t hit him yet . well the reason for that  i might add  is because no one will ever see this movie or even bother reading this review . the movie is so terrible that when i got into the first   minutes of it . the characters were so one dimensional that it makes some bible characters look like the don corleone . they got the one liners and sound  bite worthy stuff . the token troubled black guy  ll cool j  who is with a gorgeous woman who he otherwise would not even belong with in real life . the captain is this short whiny guy who speaks in such a high tone . and what crappy movie would be complete without the hero becoming richer because of an experience . oh and lots of gun fire  i mean a whole lot . spoiler  not     the kind of gun fire that leaves everyone in the police force who  s crooked dead and the hero prevails . they got flame throwers and rocket launchers  really no kidding .  br    br   bottom line if you want to see edison its because you are a great fan of one of the actors  or a great fan of justin timberlake  to all the   year old girls out there  enjoy   i wish i had more hands  because then i would have more thumbs  because this movie is so terrible because then i could give it so many thumbs down that thumbs down would no longer mean anything because this movie is so terrible because it sucks so badly that it made me laugh out of frustration about the story line because it just would not end because the firing and yelling just kept happening .  br    br   may gd have mercy on us all and save us from these terrible movies . well it could be worst  another rnb terrible actor turned singer turned terrible actor is usher  hehe check out in the mix lol  or even get rich or die trying  . now the special thing about that movie is that its got    year old men  playing   or even younger teens . i could go on with these .  
roy rogers stars as jesse james and his look  alike  gambler man clint burns . george  gabby  hayes is mr . rogers  s ex  pal  sheriff gabby . gale storm  jane fillmore  and sally payne  polly morgan  are a noteworthy team  as two reporters on the lookout for stories about the elusive outlaw hero .  br    br   of course  mistaken identity  impersonation is a plot development  since rogers essays a  dual role  . rogers is charming  as usual but  there is nothing really elevating this his performance above the ordinary  any potential to deliver a memorable jekyll  hyde performance is done in by poor material . the better pair to watch are ms . storm and ms . paye as the st . louis journal reporters  they are the film  s highlight . the songs are fine  though badly synched .  br    br    jesse james at bay       joseph kane  roy rogers  george  gabby  hayes  gale storm  
i saw this film at its premier at sundance   .  br    br   since american beauty is a movie that had something to say  i had hopes for towelhead . unfortunately  it was a disappointment . in fact  of countless movies i  ve seen in almost a dozen sundance festivals  towelhead is the only sundance movie i  ve ever wanted to walk out early from .  br    br   the worst problem with towelhead is that it so obviously originates with a collection of  provocative  concepts concerning cultural stereotypes  rather than with an organic human drama . the screenplay derives from the novel of the same name by alicia erian . the famous edith wharton quote comes to mind i have never known a novel that was good enough to be good in spite of its being adapted to the author  s political views . that observation is especially devastating for towelhead because its political views are so stale and simplistic . if there ever was a time when towelhead  s white male villains  condescending portrayals of blacks  ironic treatments of foreign cultures  etc .  were fresh  it  s long past .  br    br   for a more detailed review  please look up any of the many professional reviews available online . almost all rate this movie poorly and expose the shallow and manipulative tissue it is based on .  br    br   on the other hand  the amateur reviewers seem more easily bamboozled . as you read through the reviews in this and similar sites  you  ll frequently come across superlatives  stunning    breathtaking    profound    shocking   . . . it embarrasses me to read them  but it does not surprise me . indeed  i  ve encountered many people who seem to regard any book or movie dealing with racial  cultural  gender  or sexual issues as deeply moving  thought provoking  full of profound insight . if you are such a person  by all means  rent towelhead and be moved by it . on the other hand  if you set your standards higher  you can safely pass on this one .  
unfortunately i made a mistake and i paid  euros at the movie theater to watch this shallow meaningless movie . my points  br    br   film is based on  things  br    br     ethnical point of view as it happens on most of the american films  the writer thinks itself as an expert after learning  or  things about the asian culture . but unfortunately it is not enough . knowing kunefe and  names of other foods doesn  t make a person understand a culture . for example shaving is the sign of clean life in asia but everyone was trying the girl to stop that . lebanese people are christian  ok they got that  and their cultural forms and beliefs and approaches are completely different from other arabic countries . the main difference between eastern and western culture is we don  t make ethnocentrism . so we don  t judge people after their first question about our life as the father figure did in all of the film .  br    br     sexual revolution of a girl there is nothing much to say about this . show me   girls which had these on their sexual awakening than i will say that i am wrong .  br    br   i wrote this comment because the producers are promoting the film in the black humor genre . please watch dr . strangelove and understand the meaning of black humor . a black humor has to reflect the truth and has to focus the audience to the funny parts of it . where is the truth  where is the meaning about the movie .  
hollywood  s misguided obsession with sequels has resulted in more misfires than hits . for every  godfather ii   there are dozens of  more american graffiti  s    stayin  alives   and  grease   s .  while the original  grease  is not a great film  the     adaptation of the long  running broadway hit does have songs evocative of the      s  energetic choreography  and an appealing cast . when paramount began work on a follow  up  the producers came up nearly empty on every aspect that made the original a blockbuster .  br    br   fortunately for moviegoers  michelle pfeiffer survived this experience and evidently learned to read scripts before signing contracts . her talent and beauty were already evident herein  and pfeiffer does seem to express embarrassment at the humiliating dance routines and tuneless songs that she is forced to perform . maxwell caulfield  however  lacks even the skill to express embarrassment  and his emotions run the gamut from numb to catatonic . what romantic interest  beyond hormones  could the cool sassy pfeiffer have in the deadpan caulfield  that dull mystery will linger long after the ludicrous luau finale fades into a bad memory . only cameos by veterans such as eve arden  connie stevens  and sid caesar have any wit  although lorna luft does rise slightly above the lame material .  br    br   reviewers have complained that  because  grease   is always compared to the original  the movie comes up lacking . however  even taken on its own terms  the film is a clunker . after a frenetic opening number  which evidently exhausted the entire cast  the energy dissipates . with few exceptions  the original songs bear little resemblance to the early      s  and the only nostalgia evoked is for  our miss brooks  and  sid caesar  s comedy hour .  the jokes fall flat  and the choreography in a film directed by choreographer patricia birch is clumsy to be polite . however  worse films have been inflicted on audiences  and inept sequels will be made as long as producers seek to milk a quick buck from rehashing blockbusters . unfortunately   grease   is not even unintentionally funny . instead  the film holds the viewer  s attention like a bad train wreck . just when all the bodies seem to have been recovered  the next scene plunges into even worse carnage .  
the first part of grease with john travolta and olivia newton john is one of the best movie for teens  this one is a very bad copy . the change is only in the sex . in the first one the good one was sandy  here it  s michael . i prefer to watch the first grease .  
i  m sorry  but even tj hooker  s adrian zmed couldn  t save this sequel . i went through half the movie thinking that this was a spoof of the original . then came that wild and wacky motorcycle scene  notice that this is the only movie that patricia birch directs   and i sadly realized they were trying to be serious . i did get a kick out of the fact that the opposing gang  having lost their  wheels  due to their gambling habits in the original grease  were forced to use motorcycles in the second movie . being shamed by that putz character carrington  i  d hate to see what they would resort to later maybe mopeds   br    br   i also never bought the hackneyed theme hunky  australian  boy  can  t  fit  into  outsiders  dominated  school  ergo  goes  for  tough  guy  with  stupid  biker  helmet  look . it was disney story gone horribly awry .  br    br   so  it looks like you can ruin a good thing by placing a bubble  gum smacking michelle pfeiffer in a musical . the only thing i took away from this movie was an idea of how many points out of ten to give it .  
the tenuous connection between this film and the first grease is established right at the beginning of the film when didi conn one of four cast members repeating their roles approaches young maxwell caulfield who is a british exchange student . although in the previous film olivia newton st . john  s foreign speech pattern is not explained  it  s explained here caulfield is her cousin . what  s conn still doing in school  i guess she just likes hanging around rydell high even though now she  s a beautician .  br    br   caulfield  s a smart kid  so of course the hood types led by adrian zmed have him labeled as a nerd . and that  s especially bad when zmed  s girl friend decides she likes caulfield . but being a nerd just isn  t going to cut it .  br    br   that  s when caulfield decides to put on a modern day zorro act . he gets a junked bicycle and puts it back together and teaches himself to ride . he gets himself a leather biker outfit with a set of goggles to hide his face . if getting michelle pheiffer is not in the cards  caulfield won  t have any trouble making friends at any gay male leather bar the way he  s outfitted .  br    br   grease  introduced michelle pheiffer and maxwell caulfield and started them on the successful career paths both have enjoyed . if you saw the first grease film  a much better film  than you definitely have an idea how this film will turn out .  br    br   in addition to conn  eve arden  sid caesar  and dody goodman  all faculty members from the original grease return in their roles . the music score isn  t remotely as good as the songs that come from the original .  br    br   it  s not that grease  is bad  it  s just not all that great .  
well  at least my theater group did  lol . so of course i remember watching grease since i was a little girl  while it was never my favorite musical or story  it does still hold a little special place in my heart since it  s still a lot of fun to watch . i heard horrible things about grease  and that  s why i decided to never watch it  but my boyfriend said that it really wasn  t all that bad and my friend agreed  so i decided to give it a shot  but i called them up and just laughed . first off the plot is totally stolen from the first one and it wasn  t really clever  not to mention they just used the same characters  but with different names and actors . tell me  how did the pink ladies and t  birds continue years on after the former gangs left  not to mention the creator face motor cycle enemy  gee  what a striking resemblance to the guys in the first film as well as these t  birds were just stupid and ridiculous .  br    br   another year at rydell and the music and dancing hasn  t stopped . but when a new student who is sandy  s cousin comes into the scene  he is love struck by a pink lady  stephanie . but she must stick to the code where only pink ladies must stick with the t  birds  so the new student  decides to train as a t  bird to win her heart . so he dresses up as a rebel motor cycle bandit who can ride well and defeat the evil bikers from easily kicking the t  bird  s butts . but will he tell stephanie who he really is or will she find out on her own  well  find out for yourself .  br    br   grease  is like a silly tv show of some sort that didn  t work . the gang didn  t click as well as the first grease did  not to mention frenchy coming back was a bit silly and unbelievable  because i thought that she graduated from rydell  but apparently she didn  t . the songs were not really that catchy i  m glad that michelle was able to bounce back so fast  but that  s probably because she was the only one with talent in this silly little sequel  i wouldn  t really recommend this film  other than if you are curious  but i warned you  this is just a pathetic attempt at more money from the famous musical .  br    br        
boy  girl love affair  sequel with songs  only this time she  s the punkette and he  s the straight arrow . movie  buffs out there actually like this movie  it has fans  i must say  the mind reels . . .  grease   is a truly lame enterprise that doesn  t even have the courage  moxy or sheer gall to take the memory of its predecessor down in flames  like  jaws   or  exorcist ii   . no  it whimpers along in slow  motion and often just plays dead . it looks and feels cheap  with a large cast lost amidst messy direction and unfocused handling . this was the first time a substantial audience got a glimpse of michelle pfeiffer and  although she doesn  t embarrass herself  it  s a role worth forgetting . a misfire on the lowest of levels . no stars from   
when i was    grease  was like crack . it was a classless  shameful  euphoric  and powerfully addictive experience . my sister and i would watch it  rewind it  and watch it over again and again and again until we passed out or became too confused and hostile to stand one another . so  if you are an    year old girl  and you reviewed this film as  brilliant  or  fun  or  better than the original grease   you have your fledgling adolescent hormones to blame and you can rest assured that this unyielding fixation with utter rubbish will pass .  br    br   if  however  you are not a little girl  you have absolutely no excuse to suggest that grease  was anything but an inane  artless  slipshod embarrassment for all who participated in its production  distribution  and  or consumption .  br    br   for the sake of criticism  i will dignify the film now by explaining why it blows  br    br    . in a well  executed musical  the songs should advance the narrative or develop the characters . in grease   with a few debatable exceptions  to the music is obscenely pointless . most of the songs appear to relate gimped innuendo about sex in an excessive and general way   score tonight    reproduction    do it for our country   and  prowlin    without making one concrete statement about any of the film  s characters or themes . plus  all of the music is uncomfortably stupid and no one in the cast demonstrates even the crudest semblance of an ability to sing or dance .  br    br    . the t  birds should be badass  and if not at least somewhat likable  but instead each of them is an annoying wussy  dufus  loser . in the end  when johnny nogerelli offers michael the sacred t  bird jacket and initiates him into the gang  michael should kick it to the ground  spit on it  and duck away to fervently scrub any part of his body that was touched by it . but of course  he accepts it as if it is gold because despite the fact that they are a bunch of bumbling meatheads  there is no greater honor than to be one with the t  birds .  br    br    . since michael is beautiful  smart  kind  resourceful  and above average in everyway  his musical impotence notwithstanding   it is feasible that stephanie would ultimately embrace him when he reveals himself to be the man behind the mask . stephanie  on the other hand  is a slovenly  slack  jawed  bubble gum smacking  dirty sweatshirt wearing  gracelessly rude and trashy dingbat . so aside from being pretty  i guess   she harbors no likable characteristics  thus  audiences are given no justification whatsoever for the depth of michael  s attraction to her .  br    br   i could go on and on  but i didn  t want to mention the gross inferiority to its predecessor since there are apparently so many cranks out there who seem to feel that such a comparison is unfair . i will say this though  to those of you who think you want to revisit this mess for old time  s sake grease  is an experience akin to re  living your first kiss . only you are   now and kissing a snot  nosed    year old kid with acne and slobby braces . the magic is gone and you are left feeling dirty and disturbed . trust me .  
i found it very very difficulty to watch this after the initial  minutes of the film . i managed to stomach      minutes before switching it off in disgust and watching monster house instead  which  by the way  is great fun  .  br    br   the story has massive holes in it . the plot line is hugely over stated and dull  the acting is awful  especially from justin timberlake who should really stick to what he is good at  looking daft and singing like a castrato  . morgan freeman looked incredibly uncomfortable  especially when made to dance around to rock music for no apparent reason half way through the film after him and timberlake meet . freeman and timberlake  s characters seem to be supposed to have some sort of father  son relationship of sorts or something  which simply isn  t evident at all apart from the fact that though freeman  s character seems to have nothing but contempt for the ignorant and rather stupid character of timberlake  he never the less pulls out all the stops to help him uncover a completely ridiculous cover up .  br    br   it would take some incredible suspension of disbelief to give any credit to the story line  which is simply absurd and blown out of all proportion .  br    br   don  t watch this film  it is a pure waste of time .  
i had to do a search on the actresses to find the board of this film because the title is now an unexpected love . it  s not really worth looking for but i was unfamiliar with both leads and wondered why they were headlining a lesbian flick on lifetime . everything  s pretty restrained and you don  t really get an idea of who these characters are so  as a viewer  i wasn  t able to become emotionally invested in the storyline . i guess i  m not the target audience for this but i  m not sure who is . everything  s muted and soft focus and earth tones . . . nothing  s very interesting . i had a prurient interest in seeing two women make out but it  s handled so discreetly that i was disappointed . rent personal best instead .  
i  ve read some of the comments about this film and can only surmise that some people are easily entertained . this movie is nothing . it  s so badly written  directed and acted that it barely makes an impression . the characters speak in cliche  ridden dialogue and the situations are completely implausible . while that might make this campy and fun  it doesn  t because everything is so lifeless the film becomes dull . it  s as if lee rose decided to write a drama about a woman struggling with her sexuality but then she either wasn  t allowed by studio execs to give the story some true  to  life gusto or didn  t have the cojones . this movie could go in the enyclopedia as the standard  issue bad lifetime tv movie .  
i laughed all the way through this rotten movie . it  s so unbelievable . a woman leaves her husband after many years of marriage  has a breakdown in front of a real estate office . what happens  the office manager comes outside and offers her a job    hilarious  next thing you know the two women are going at it . yep  they  re lesbians  nothing rings true in this  lifetime for women with nothing better to do  movie . clunky dialogue like  i don  t want to spend the rest of my life feeling like i had a chance to be happy and didn  t take it  doesn  t help . there  s a wealthy  distant mother who disapproves of her daughter  s new relationship . a sassy black maid  unbelievable that in the year      a film gets made in which there  s a sassy black maid . hattie mcdaniel must be turning in her grave . the woman has a husband who freaks out and wants custody of the snotty teenage kids . sheesh  no cliche is left unturned .  
they changed the title of this atrocity to an unexpected love . the only thing worse is the film itself . the script contains dialogue that would be laughed out of a third grade play recital . at one point when the wife leaves the husband  a bad cover of all by myself plays over the soundtrack  no kidding . the actors try but are defeated by the inept  unbelievably terrible script . direction is staggeringly bad . no wonder lifetime has such a bad reputation . how do things like this get made . i  m turning off the television before it  s over   
this movie was okay  but it certainly defeats the claim that homosexuals are  born that way   especially when a woman can exit out of an unhappy marriage and just fall into the arms of another woman . it almost seems as if kate  s gender preferences turned on and off like a switch  making this film seem a little simplistic .  br    br   also  as is common with films that are trying to push an agenda  it was unfortunate that those characters in the film who had questions or disapproval over the gay lifestyle were labeled as  bigots .  and there was no happy medium . it was either kate  s friends and relatives totally embraced her or they totally shunned her . this is not typical of interactions between gay and non  gay relatives and friends . it is usually a mixture of emotions and values that come into play . it is possible to love people and treat them with respect while not necessarily condoning the choices they make . sadly  the movie showed none of these types of interactions . for a movie trying to portray tolerance and acceptance  it struck me as very intolerant movie  then at the end  kate apparently decides after all these years she wants to be with mac and everything is hunky dory  is that what being gay is really all about  come on   
why do all movies on lifetime have such anemic titles   an unexpected love   ooh  how provocative    this much i know  would have been better . the film is nothing special . real people don  t really talk like these characters do and the situations are really hackneyed . the straight woman who  turns  lesbian seemed more butch than the lesbian character . if you wanna watch two hot women kiss in a very discreet fashion  you might enjoy this . although it seems like it was written by someone who doesn  t really get out in the world to observe people . why am i wasting my time writing about it   
i remember watching this film in the eighties as a teenager . but i wanted to see it again  because traci lords is now earning a living as a  serious actor  . what the hell was going on in the eighties  this is a really bad film with bad taste and bad actors . definitely a waste of money .  
this is probably the first entry in the  lance o  leary  nurse keat  detective series in subsequent o  leary films  he was played by much younger actors than guy kibbee .  br    br   a group of relatives  all played by well  known character actors  gathers in an old house  on a rainy nite  of course   to speak to a wealthy relative  who goes into a coma .  br    br   while they wait for him to recover  all sorts of mysterious goings  on happen  including a couple of murders .  br    br   a creepy film worth seeing   
i am an actor  producer  director and what i am about to say are facts . this project was the worst film in movie making history . from producer to director and the edit of this so called film is a joke and i mean a big joke . why would blockbuster released such crap  i take my work very serious and this film is an insult to my profession . was the director trying to make a bad movie  i don  t think so . i seen bad zombie movies  but this takes the cake the coffie and everything on the damn table . this movie sucks    i really hate to talk bad about other filmmakers because i am one myself  but please consider in taking up a different profession . i respect the fact that you completed a movie  but i have to ask you  were you smoking crack   i mean the makeup on your girls  the scary zombies  what were you thinking . to the whole nation  if i could have voted zero i would have . worst film in movie making history     
german filmmaker ulli lommel has managed a task many horror fans thought was impossible he  s unseated fellow teuton uwe boll for the crown of director of the worst horror film ever made .  br    br   lommel is truly the ed wood of the new millennium . this film is as shoddy and laughable as the best  worst of ew . i am both proud and embarrassed to say that i watched it in toto  morbidly fascinated to see just low the bar could be set . the answer is subterranean lommel dug a pit and buried it .  br    br   the fun begins with the cast of international nobodies . only someone who has lived in los angeles  where every auto mechanic  doctor and mailman is an actor or screenwriter waiting to be discovered  could easily understand how lommel managed to find so many wannabe actors willing to spew his ridiculous dialog with a straight face .  br    br   the main character  a villainous beat cop  is played by a german actor with a thick german accent . aside from being a serial killer  he is also the oldest beat cop in la . despite the fact that he stops innocent women drivers and takes them into custody  then drags them into his home  which inexplicably is the top floor of a furniture warehouse   and does all this in plain sight of his rookie partners  the lapd refuses to investigate  going so far as to physically attack one of his accusers in a ninja style raid on his apartment .  br    br   the sets are excruciatingly bad . the production designer  s budget apparently included just enough money for a can of paint enough to paint  precinct     on a cardboard wall .  br    br   since the actors were obviously unpaid non  professionals   a sad assortment of european emigres  possibly deportees if they acted in their native lands   bimbos  mimbos  and desperate middle  aged women   and since little if any money was spent on sets  special efx  locations or other production value  it is only fair to mention that they did spring for a few genuine  looking police uniforms . sadly  they couldn  t afford a police car the uniformed cops cruise the streets in a shiny new mercury rental .  br    br   more than half of the story focuses on the dirty deeds of our deranged german lapd officer and the futile efforts of two young rookies to stop him . one of these young actors is especially pitiable because he  s the only actor in this whole mess with even a vague shot at a real career in the movies . the other fits right in  with a rockabilly hairdo and tortured brando posing that needs to be seen to be appreciated .  br    br   the latter part of the film is where the title gets its zombie  as the victims of our killer are resurrected after he murders a girl who had just visited some voodoo priestesses to have a protective spell put on her . don  t ask why a girl from romania would resort to voodooism in anticipation of being murdered  just accept lommel  s logic and enjoy the absurd ride .  br    br   after much prolonged hand  clawing out of straw  covered roadside graves  the zombie girls manage to make their appearance . they look exactly as they did before death  maybe even prettier  with black glamor make  up generously airbrushed around their eyes . looking nothing like zombies  they look more like high fashion models ready for the runway .  br    br   at this point in the movie lommel borrows a creative note from his lauded countryman boll  and injects large doses of cheesy euro  trash techno into the soundtrack . we  re talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise . stuff they might have played in an ibiza disco when lommel was still young enough to shake his booty .  br    br   unlike other zombies  lommel  s girls speak and function as normal . . . er  i mean  as they did before becoming zombified . this gives our auteur ample opportunities to shower us with more of his golden dialog . yes  a golden shower it is .  br    br   i won  t spoil anything by revealing the shock ending . all i can say is it  s perfectly in tune with the rest of this masterpiece . the spirit of ed wood lives on . . . or should i say his geist .  
the plot of  edison  was decent  but one actor in particular ruined the entire film . justin timberlake ruined the film with every line he uttered during the movie . he is by far one of the worst actors i have ever seen  and should face the same fate as the entire f . r . a . t . squad .  br    br   whether it was an emotional scene  an action scene  or even a silent scene  justin timberlake managed to ruin it .  br    br   do not waste your time watching this film . don  t even bother downloading it  midget porn would be a much better choice .  br    br   and justin  if you  re reading this  stick to music . even though you  re no good at that  you  ve done a wonderful job tricking people into thinking you can actually sing .  
this movie is a joke . i mean a  ha ha  funny joke . why  because the only redeeming thing about it was the good laugh i got at the sheer ridiculousness of nonsensical  inane plot and horrible acting . wow   br    br   within this movie there are so many unanswered questions . . . for example why do these women become zombies and how  why are there four black women who are zombie  s  caretakers  and what is their purpose  since when does  people make up a  nation  of zombies  and is smeared black eye mascara  scary  to anyone  anywhere  even a  year old   br    br   and lastly why was this movie made at all  why  why  why  no answer  that  s what i thought .  br    br   on the demand channel they actually issued this comment after the synopsis of the movie we apologize for this movie in advance  lol . at least they had the decency to do this much   
i cannot believe that this movie was ever created . i think at points the director is trying to make it an artistic piece but this just makes it worse . the zombies look like they applied too much eye makeup . the zombies are only in the movie for a few minutes . finally  there are maybe five or six zombies total  definitely not a nation . the best part of the movie  if there is one is definitely the credits because the painful experience was finally finished . again to reiterate other user comments  the voodoo priestesses are strange and do not make much sense in the whole movie . also  there is a scene with a snake and a romanian girl that just does not make sense at all . it is never explained .  
seriously crappy movie .  br    br   first off  the movie starts with a cop and his partner parked outside of a warehouse  furniture store . the  bad  cop takes a girl  which they had pulled over  into the warehouse  s attic  while the newbie cop sits outside and ponders what could be happening up there . the  bad  cop eventually returns with a heavy duffel bag  and the newbie cop doesn  t think there are any problems  but he still wonders what was in the bag  so he asks  gets a bullshit response  and then he thinks everything is ok  for now  .  br    br   the  bad  cop repeats this process  and even once with a tit scene  made it slightly better  . but eventually people start to catch on  which took awhile considering how fing obvious it was . one girl gets a voodoo curse placed on her just in case she dies  like ya do . now  the  bad  cop eventually kills this magically protected bitch  and then he gets rid of the duffel  bagged body .  br    br   since she had the oogey  boogey magic put on her  she comes back with lots of eye  shadow on  which is supposed to indicate that she may be a zombie . . . also  the magic curse causes all of the other girls to become  eye  shadow monsters  . some of the girls meet up with a dude  who is apparently a currency specialist  and he offers them a ride  they look normal to him apparently  . but when the girls see other people  such as the one girls husband  he freaks out because she is hideous  some people freak out  but others don  t even notice  . . . . massive plot hole .  br    br   so  to wrap it up  the eye  shadow monsters kill the  bad  cop  who in turn ends up becoming a zombie in the last scene . it was as though they were trying to prep us for a sequel  like anyone would want to see part  of this cow dropping .  
i cant believe blockbuster carries this movie . it was so bad . i was totally fooled by the box art . don  t be fooled   its not worth your time i promise you . i don  t know if the positive reviews for this flick were a joke or what . i am so disappointed .    br    br   the description on the back of the box doesn  t even match  the girl that has the voodoo done on her is a stripper . the synopsis on the back says she is only   . did the people writing the description for the film even bother to watch it   those positive reviews had to be a joke they just had to be . if anyone actually liked this flick then i  ve lost all faith in humanity .  br    br   and don  t even get me started on the story compared to the title . or the fact that the entire movie was done all in  locations . or that the cops didn  t even have close to real uniforms . why would i even say that   who cares about the cops uniforms   compared to the rest of the movie the uniforms were spot on .  br    br   this movie is an insult to the zombie genre and all of its fans .  
mt little sister and i are self  proclaimed horror movie buffs . we have seen just about everything  especially zombie flicks . now  we have seen a lot of good zombie movies  and a lot of bad ones . this by far is the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life . not only was the acting horrible  but the special effects  graphics and ever  zombie  make  up was the worst i have seen . if you can even call it make  up  black eye shadow around the eyes  this is totally proof that you should never judge a book by it  s cover . cause the cover to the movie is the only sweet thing about . do your selves a favor and do not watch this movie                   i was so adamant about this movie i went as far as putting a sticky note on the inside of the movie before i returned it to movie saying  this movie sucks  don  t waste your time  return now  hahahhaa i don  t want anyone else to waste a good movie night on this pos movie  i don  t even know how it got the ratings that it did  t should be in the negative  
someone actually gave this movie  stars . there  s a very high chance they need immediate professional help as anyone who doesn  t spend   seconds to see if you can award no stars is quite literally scary .  br    br   this film is . . . well . . . i guess it  s pretty much some kind of attempt at a horrible porn  snuff movie with no porn or no real horrible bits  apart from the acting  plot  story  sets  dialogue and sound  . i wrongly assumed it was about zombies .  br    br   watching it is actually quite scary in fairness you  re terrified someone will come over and you  ll never be able to describe what it is and they  ll go away thinking you  re a freak that watches home  made amateur torture videos or something along those lines .  br    br   i  m so taken aback i  m writing this review on my mobile so i don  t forget to attempt to bring the rating down further than the current  .  to save others from the same horrible fate that i just suffered .  br    br   i worst film i  ve ever seen and i can say  with hand on heart  it will never  never be topped .  
this film has to be the worst i have ever seen . the title of the film deceives the audience into thinking there maybe hope . the story line of the film is laughable at best  with the acting so poor you just have to cringe . the title  zombie nation  implies a hoard of zombies when in fact there are six in total . this cannot be categorised as a horror film due to the introduction of cheesy    s music when the zombies  attack  . the zombies actually talk and act like human beings in the film with the only difference being the make up which looks like something out a la roux video . if you ever get the chance to buy this film then do so  then burn the copy .  
i stopped by bb and picked up  zombie flicks to watch over the weekend . now  i understand that the effects will be cheesy  the acting will be sub  par  and the sets will be suspect . so i  m not expecting much . but it should at least have a story . stories don  t cost a thing except time . . . . . apparently  they didn  t have any time either .  br    br    zombie nation  had  zombies that appeared near the end of the movie that all looked like new wave hookers . the picture of the zombie on the front cover never appears in the movie . it was absolutely agonizing to watch and had nothing to offer the genre .  br    br   the running time is only   minutes but it felt like  hours . according to my wife  who could only hear the movie since she was on the computer in another room   it sounded like zombie porn . . . . which if you think about  sounds kinda gross . . . . . but it wasn  t even that good .  br    br   the only suggestion i can make is that maybe the writer tried to do too many things and ended up with an incoherent mess .  br    br   it ended up being a free rental and i still feel ripped off . i rated it a  out of   because imdb won  t allow me to use decimals .  
not worth the video rental or the time or the occasional efforts .  br    br   makeup that a child can do . acting was over done . . . poor directing . editing was very choppy . . . many things made no sense or just seemed gratuitous . sound was badly dubbed . music was highly inappropriate . casting was extremely off . . . must have been on crack . zombies that talk let alone . . . drive  dance  work . . . just pisses me off . and the bad guy . . . holy crap  as horribly casted as he was . . . he was the best looking zombie of all . which doesn  t say much .  br    br   the cover art was good but very deceiving . . . as was the main menu of the dvd . . . great artwork and music .  br    br   don  t bother   
thank god  i didn  t waste my money renting it but i downloaded it  this happens to be the worst movie i have ever seen in my whole life  fg visual effects  unnecessary gore and nudity  far apart from other zombie movies like night of the living dead and others . there are lots of loop holes and mistakes in the movie . ok if you get time after reading this comment  please check out the director  s  ulli lommel  profile . after seeing that i got a self explanation why the movie is like this  i mean every movie directed by ulli lommel gets a rating between  and  . and now am not willing to search what kinda movies these are directed by him  but i can finish all this by saying one strong sentence . even for fun or time pass or even at an extreme bored situation please do not watch this movie .  
 review may contain some spoilers  i  ll make this review short and sweet . i bought this movie from best buy because it sounded interested and had some top actors in it like kevin spacey and morgan freeman . how bad could it be  right  well  it  s pretty bad . justin timberlake plays pollack  a wannabe journalist who stumbles across a case that may lead to corrupt cops at edison  s police force . ll cool j is deed  a cop within the force on a special force team called f . r . a . t .  first response assault tactics  . he  s teamed with an  on  the  edge  bad cop named lazerov  dylan mcdermott  . in the opening scene we see lazerov  deed taking on some bank robbers  but at night they are busting a couple of guys doing drugs . i don  t want to give to much away  but things turn bad for the guys doing the drugs . pollack  who works for ashford  morgan freeman  goes to a trial involving deeds  lazerov . he suspect foul play and with the help of ashford  does some investigate that turns ugly . wallace  kevin spacey  who is all within the f . r . a . t . team joins with ashford to try to bring the corrupt cops to justice .  br    br   you can tell from the beginning that freeman and spacey  s performance are pretty lackluster . the only person that give a all out performance is dylan mcdermott . he is a complete nut case in this movie and made a believer out of me . ll cool j is terrible in this film . he says every line the same way and shows pretty much the same emotion . he was much better in movies like deep blue sea  any given sunday . the film starts off with some nice action but then drags it feet through the rest of the film . the ending is far from satisfying .  br    br   don  t waste your time with this film . i  m putting it on ebay this weekend .  
ok its not the best film i  ve ever seen but at the same time i  ve been able to sit and watch it twice    story line was pretty awful and during the first part of the first short story i wondered what the hell i was watching but at the same time it was so awful i loved it cheap laughs all the way .  br    br   and jebidia deserves an oscar for his role in this movie the only thing that let him down was half way through he stopped his silly name calling .  br    br   overall the film was pretty perfetic but if your after cheap laughs and you see it in pound land go by it .  
usually i support independent art and i try to be very comprehensive and tolerant . . . i tend to support everybody  because their efforts are worth . . .  br    br   but this movie just moves away from all comprehension and tolerance limits   br    br   imagine the following situation  br    br    . think about the really worst horror movie you have ever seen in your life so far .  br    br    . think about some great  attractive art for that movie  s dvd box . . . and a promising plot . . .  br    br    . voil  you got zombie nation .  br    br   see it only if you really don  t have anything else better to do . anything is better .  
notice i have given this  star if the option been given i would have given this zero . as i put this dvd into my tv and sat down on my couch i was expecting some of the worst film making at its finest . i looked this movie up on imdb and saw that it was the worst rated movie so i guess i came into it critical of every mistake . but it didn  t prepare me for the crap that was about to spew from my television screen .  br    br   the box makes this movie out to look well ok at best . do not let that fool you . this movie needs to be banned from all shelves around the world .  br    br   the best way i can describe this movie is like porn but without any sex scenes in it . the acting  if you can call it that   the  plot   so many holes must look like swiss cheese   and the special effects really are just terrible .  br    br   please do not be like me and rent this movie because you think it will be funny to watch .  br    br   in the end i  m not saying i can make a better movie than this  but i am thinking it .  
if ever there was a film that deserved a big fat zero rating it  s this pile of crap . i love zombie films and even bad ones usually have something going for them but not this atrocity . i actually began to feel angry watching this film because it  s so insultingly poor  i can  t believe the people responsible for it would actually think this was acceptable .  br    br   there  s no plot and the non  plot is cut with scenes of sadism and spanking . the people don  t react  act or in any way resemble human beings . the entire movie is also shot in two rooms scantily decorated to vaguely resemble the places they are supposed to be . the whole thing is one pointless mess  it doesn  t go anywhere and when the zombies finally turn up they look rubbish and don  t do very much .  br    br   i could make a better film than this  so could you and so could someone who had never seen a movie before . it  s pitiful and without doubt the worst movie of all time .  br    br   honestly  the very worst movie of all time . you  ll note by the way that the only positive reviews give this a      and urge you to buy the dvd . i can  t imagine anyone neutral genuinely thinking this is a good film  it  s terrible .  br    br       and that  s generous .  
this movie had me going . the title was perhaps the greatest idea that i heard . i thought it was an independent movie about a zombie outbreak and their quest to take over the us and a group of lone survivors  band together  and plan to take out the zombies . dead wrong  it  s about a psycho cop with a weakness for killing his female arrests gets what  s coming to him when a pack of zombie women rise from their graves in order to get proper revenge . as you can see there is nothing about the nation nor a county involved . where to begin with the severity this cinematic disaster caused our nation .  br    br   first off  the zombie women look like victoria secret models with dark eyeliner and a pale face . what are zombies but mindless  debatable intelligent  cannibalistic killing machines that eat as a result of their primitive most basic needs  these zombie women walk like streetwalkers and runway models  they talk as if they are in a poor film noir movie and not do they act like real zombies . sure the eating and killing is there  but where is the mindlessness and the horrible disfigurement  although it is a very interesting concept and perhaps a great satire on the zombie genre  it makes fun of that genre and asks the question   why can  t zombies be beautiful vixen killing machines   i would say that this movie would be considered a really bad indie movie that was produced and made by garage junkies . i would not recommend this movie to anybody that loves zombie genres too much  it  s an insult and as for scarynot even .  
i only watched the first   minutes of this and what i saw was a total piece of crap . the scenes i saw were as bad as an ed wood movie . no  it was a hundred times worse . ed wood has the reputation of being the worst director ever but that  s not true the idiot who directed this junk is the worst director ever .  br    br   the american cop has a german accent  the  police station  was a desk in a warehouse with a sign  police station  hanging on the wall . there is a fist fight where the punches clearly miss by about ten feet .  br    br   this cop pulls women over  cuffs them and leads them to a warehouse . he tells his cop partner to wait in the car . then he comes out of the warehouse carrying a duffel bag . the cop partner thinks maybe something is not right  that his partner might be a bad cop who is murdering these women  but he isn  t sure if that is what  s happening because  he  s a moron  the dialog is totally stupid  the acting is awful  and the characters act in the stupidest manner i have ever seen on screen . it is totally obvious to the cop  s partner that he is illegally abducting these women and he is slapping them and taking them into a warehouse and returning to the car with a duffel bag with a body in it  and yet  the partner  who is there all along  doesn  t know what is happening   br    br   the director of this film is a total hack . i stopped the movie at   minutes because i couldn  t take it anymore . it has to be one of the worst movies i have ever started to watch and i won  t waste anymore time on it writing this review .  br    br   absolutely worthless .  
zombie nation     r  br    br   hey  i was bored . i looked in my comcastic little box to find a movie to watch . zombie nation  hey  i love zombie movies . says the filmmaker has some sort of cult following in the description . funny how it doesn  t warn me not to watch this film . i could  ve used that advice .  br    br   zombie nation is just like troll  in that it  s completely misnamed . it has little  if anything  depending on your point of view  to do with zombies  and takes place all within one city . this film revolves around a crooked cop  who acts as badly as possible  he has to be trying to suck this much   while he arrests women for trivial bullshit and then kills them . yup  he  s a serial killer cop . not only is this film flawed in thinking that it  s a zombie flick  it also gets its serial killer facts completely wrong . serial killers enjoy killing  they live for it and they get down and personal with it . this guy knocks out the women  and injects them with some poison . he doesn  t even have sex with the corpse or dismember it . talk about boring  eventually  one of the whopping five women he kills has voodoo protection done to her and for no apparent reason  all five come back to life and head off to kill this guy . they were all buried or tossed into the ocean  but you wouldn  t know it buy the sharp clean clothes they  re all wearing . the women then act very poorly and take their revenge . oh yay .  br    br   this film was crap in every category . crap acting  crap writing  crappier sets  and crappier make  up effects . the women don  t look zombie  like  unless you count really dark make  up around the eyes to be the de facto definition of what makes a zombie . they can all talk  behave  think  and act perfectly human . the gore is weak compared to even many pg    films and the nudity is beyond brief . you see glimpse of breasts in the opening sequence . . . then the exact same breasts later  go figure . guess only one actress was willing to go topless for this trite . the police station is so badly constructed that you can see where they stopped painting the walls of the warehouse they  re obviously filming in . you can see the pipes and the bad lighting and the overly sparse set  up and even  unless you are blind  you can see the director failing . steer clear  it  s a waste of time .  br    br        
yeah  i  m sure it really could be a nation . . . if four of them all stood at the four corners of the world and the other two cloned themselves a few billion times . man  i am really glad that i saw this movie on fear . net instead of renting it . i  m a big fan of the george romero movies and i  m pretty sure that if he saw this movie  he  d probably throw up while laughing too hard . i mean  what was with the raccoon girls posing as zombies and walking around like charlie  s devils  it really helped too that the music composer chose the crappy fashion show music for when the zombies walked up to their killer  especially the part where they go into the warehouse posing as the furniture shop  police station  apartment  flat  whatever room it was with the gong in the background  and the live woman was arguing about the closed furniture shop . i couldn  t even tell what nationality the killer was  and the fact that his accent indicated some multiple nations didn  t help either . oh well  what can i expect from a movie where they throw in a random fight scene for no good reason in a warehouse where they apparently ship boxes of air around the world . so  for all of those who worship mystery science theater     or if you just like reaming on bad c movies  c for craptastic   then this is the movie for you . . . or not .  
last weekend i bought this  zombie movie  from the bargain bin and watched it with some friends thinking it was going to be a budget version of  land of the dead  .  br    br   boy  was i wrong .  br    br   it seems as if they spent a good portion of their budget on the cover  art  which is very misleading to fans of the zombie genre .  br    br   we watched up to the point where the zombie chicks come alive and get in the car with some yuppie who is out in the middle of nowhere talking business on a cell  phone . they actually speak to the guy before one of the girls kills him but once they started driving the car  i couldn  t suspend my disbelief anymore .  br    br   some people actually consider this a  so bad  it  s good  movie  they are liars . i didn  t finish the movie  but one of the other reviews mention that they actually somehow become police officers at the end of the movie  which makes me glad to not have watched it all the way through .  br    br   this is even worse than  zombiez  do not watch   
german filmmaker ulli lommel has managed a task many horror fans thought was impossible he  s unseated fellow teuton uwe boll for the crown of director of the worst horror film ever made .  br    br   lommel is truly the ed wood of the new millennium . this film is as shoddy and laughable as the best  worst of ew . i am both proud and embarrassed to say that i watched it in toto  morbidly fascinated to see just low the bar could be set . the answer is subterranean lommel dug a pit and buried it .  br    br   the fun begins with the cast of international nobodies . only someone who has lived in los angeles  where every auto mechanic  doctor and mailman is an actor or screenwriter waiting to be discovered  could easily understand how lommel managed to find so many wannabe actors willing to spew his ridiculous dialog with a straight face .  br    br   the main character  a villainous beat cop  is played by a german actor with a thick german accent . aside from being a serial killer  he is also the oldest beat cop in la . despite the fact that he stops innocent women drivers and takes them into custody  then drags them into his home  which inexplicably is the top floor of a furniture warehouse   and does all this in plain sight of his rookie partners  the lapd refuses to investigate  going so far as to physically attack one of his accusers in a ninja style raid on his apartment .  br    br   the sets are excruciatingly bad . the production designer  s budget apparently included just enough money for a can of paint enough to paint  precinct     on a cardboard wall .  br    br   since the actors were obviously unpaid non  professionals   a sad assortment of european emigres  possibly deportees if they acted in their native lands   bimbos  mimbos  and desperate middle  aged women   and since little if any money was spent on sets  special efx  locations or other production value  it is only fair to mention that they did spring for a few genuine  looking police uniforms . sadly  they couldn  t afford a police car the uniformed cops cruise the streets in a shiny new mercury rental .  br    br   more than half of the story focuses on the dirty deeds of our deranged german lapd officer and the futile efforts of two young rookies to stop him . one of these young actors is especially pitiable because he  s the only actor in this whole mess with even a vague shot at a real career in the movies . the other fits right in  with a rockabilly hairdo and tortured brando posing that needs to be seen to be appreciated .  br    br   the latter part of the film is where the title gets its zombie  as the victims of our killer are resurrected after he murders a girl who had just visited some voodoo priestesses to have a protective spell put on her . don  t ask why a girl from romania would resort to voodooism in anticipation of being murdered  just accept lommel  s logic and enjoy the absurd ride .  br    br   after much prolonged hand  clawing out of straw  covered roadside graves  the zombie girls manage to make their appearance . they look exactly as they did before death  maybe even prettier  with black glamor make  up generously airbrushed around their eyes . looking nothing like zombies  they look more like high fashion models ready for the runway .  br    br   at this point in the movie lommel borrows a creative note from his lauded countryman boll  and injects large doses of cheesy euro  trash techno into the soundtrack . we  re talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise . stuff they might have played in an ibiza disco when lommel was still young enough to shake his booty .  br    br   unlike other zombies  lommel  s girls speak and function as normal . . . er  i mean  as they did before becoming zombified . this gives our auteur ample opportunities to shower us with more of his golden dialog . yes  a golden shower it is .  br    br   i won  t spoil anything by revealing the shock ending . all i can say is it  s perfectly in tune with the rest of this masterpiece . the spirit of ed wood lives on . . . or should i say his geist .  
btk killer  green river killer  zodiac killer the man keeps putting out absolute garbage and the ironic thing is  he loves his crap .  br    br   i  ve never seen a ulli lommel film but i was so amazed on how everyone thinks his stuff is so awful . like the movies i said in the beginning don  t even equal a six when added together  after reading the comments i was curious to see how bad this guy really is . he is the worst out there .  br    br   the credits wouldn  t end as the pathetic movie started and quickly i noticed that the audio was incredibly badly dubbed in . the acting was incredibly awful and same to the camera shots . the editing is easily the worst . this movie made no sense and i unbearably couldn  t take it anymore as it wouldn  t end and i was only   minutes in the movie . i couldn  t take it anymore . i wasted   minutes of my life .  br    br   do not watch this crap   
i rented this movie last week . i saw kevin spacey and morgan freeman were on it  so it seemed promising . and it was  until justin timberlake came on scene . he is a really bad actor and shouldn  t be allowed to make a movie ever again . i mean  he is one of the most boring  uninspired actors i  ve ever seen . he puts absolutely no emotion to any of his lines whatsoever . why the hell was he cast for the role of josh pollack  i think matt damon would have been a better choice .  br    br   kevin spacey was another big disappointment . his character is so dull  it seems like a bad mix of his character in american beauty and john doe in se  en . it might sound cool  but believe me  it  s not .  br    br   now  dylan mcdermott  s acting is very good . it  s about one of the very few good things about this movie . he is just inspired .  br    br   morgan freeman is good but nothing special . he has some really cool lines though .  br    br   about the story  although it was a bit obvious and exaggerated at times it was good . i was expecting a big twist when lazerov  dylan mcdermott  was killed  but nothing really happened .  
this movie was by far the worst movie that i have ever seen in my entire life . i  m not even kidding . it was poorly made and the actors couldn  t act . it was a waste of my time and money . it looked like a movie that my friends and i could have put together on our own . the case the movie came in is definitely a disguise . nothing in the movie looks like the zombie on the front of the case . it appears that the director or make  up artist has just put black eye liner under someones eyes an called them a zombie . the credits at the beginning of the movie take up almost   minutes of the movie . which watching the credits was the best part of the movie . this was honestly an awful movie and i couldn  t believe how badly it was put together . scenes jumped from one thing to the other and sometimes u were like  whats going on   the audio was awful and the action shots looked like a couple of teen  s joking around making a fake fight scene .  br    br   if you are considering renting or buying this movie i would advise you to at least watch the trailer for it because it show  s how awful it truly is . i wish i would have watched it before i rented it .  
horrible acting  bad story line  cheesy makeup  and this is just the tip of the iceberg . i have never seen a worse movie in my life   minutes in i decided to fast forward to see if anything redeeming would happen . . . it didn  t .  aside from a nice breast shot  the movie apparently was filmed in some furniture warehouse  and the same warehouse was used for at least    of the sets . you even see this same red chair in several different  locations  if you are going to make a film at least rent an office building and an apartment  not some warehouse which will echo all your actor  s dialog . .  note to producers  renting a small office space and an apartment for a month is much cheaper than an entire warehouse  and both are quite a bit more versatile and believable  if you spend your money to rent this people i hope you got it with a return guarantee . . . you will be demanding your money back . . . i only spent   .   to rent this tonight and i feel ripped off .  
every year i watch hundreds of films  including many low budget amateurish straight  to  dvd abominations that nobody in their right mind would ever want to see . i have seen thousands of films in my time  many excellent  many forgettable . zombie nation i will remember forever as one of the most hopelessly laughable  horror  films i have ever seen  in fact i still haven  t recovered from the experience of watching it .  br    br   the day after  it seems like some kind of weird dream . did i really see what i thought i saw  why do the police work out of a warehouse  did the voodoo priestesses really recommend that the  zombies  eat cheeseburgers  is it safe  is it safe  is it safe   br    br   i wouldn  t recommend zombie nation if you want to see a  good  film  and neither would i recommend it as  so bad its good  . however  if you are entertained by the prospect of watching probably the most indefensibly abysmal film ever  this is for you . now  whenever anyone asks me what the worst film i have ever seen is  i will say zombie nation .  br    br   seriously  i think it  s a greater crime to make a boring film than a bad one  and ulli lommel deserves credit for producing a film that actually stuns you with its ineptitude . he really is the ed wood jr . of the digital age  and i for one can  t wait to see if he makes another film as consistently ridiculous as this one .  
i  ve discovered that this film gets rented based off of the packaging . the zombie on the front of the dvd looks cool and scary . then you get to the movie and it  s women with raccoon masks on . zero special effects . . . and even the fight scenes you can see them miss punches by  feet . the funny thing is that lommel acts in the movie briefly himself and is worse than the rest of the crap actors in the movie . the only thing i can think is that lommel is just trying to make such a bad film that people dub it a  cult classic  . . . however  i can  t possibly imagine anyone thinking this is anything but one of the worst movies ever made . the real horror in this film is how bad it is . i  m embarrassed i rented it and vow never to see another lommel film again   
this is one of the worst films ever . i like cheesy movies but this is simply awful . where are the images in the film that are on the box  i think more money was spent on the dvd box illustrations than on the entire film .  br    br   why would a company release a dvd that the cover is so misleading  i feel like such an idiot for renting this movie based strictly on the box . as much as i explore imdb i should have done a little research and made a list prior to visiting my local video rental store . i have no one to blame except myself . i want my money and time back .  br    br   do not watch this movie .  br    br   even if curiosity is motivating you  stick cocktail umbrellas in your eyes instead . it will be much more enjoyable . you have been warned   
i have made it my personal mission to go after those responsible for this film . i even got the rental company to give me my money back because i argued that they perpetrated false advertising .  br    br   it  s not enough that the movie itself is a p . o . s .  but the cover art is what sold me . i  ve done better make  up effects on my children at halloween than what the movie actually depicts versus the cover art . can you say  raccoon eyes    br    br   i  m not going to waste more of my time by going into the full details  but come on  the movie  s main character is an l . a . cop who was born and raised in alabama  but has a german accent    it  s beyond insulting .  
i honestly want the last   minuets of my life back .  br    br   the only person that is fit to watch this movie is helen keller i kept saying to myself this has to get better this has to get better .  br    br   then the zombies finally showed up and they had some raccoon paint on there eyes .  br    br   they talked like regular people .  br    br   one drove a car .  br    br   some voodoo woman asked what one of the  zombies  wanted and the  zombie  said  i want to dance   br    br    that was it  out came the movie i couldn  t take it any longer can i sue for a  hour of my life       
wow . i went to the video store tonight because i was in the mood for a bad b horror movie and i found this gem . i looked at the cover and i thought it looked like just the movie for my mood . i brought it home and put it on .  br    br   this movie was not the b horror movie that i had in mind . this was much worse . i wanted a bad movie but what i got  i didn  t know that crap like this existed amongst man . this movie seemed like a  year old wrote and directed it and that is being nice about it .  br    br   i am an aspiring director and this movie made me so mad that someone out there is actually paying this guy to direct movies . he needs to work at a garbage dump shoveling crap where he belongs .  br    br   if you are thinking about renting this or buying it . i will tell you the same thing that i would tell someone getting ready to commit suicide .  don  t do it  it  s not worth it   i really have nothing nice to say about this movie . don  t do it   
acclaimed director mervyn leroy puts drama on film that competes with the best of soap operas . high drama is found in the loves and infidelities in new york  s social set . oh yes  don  t forget jealousy can bring about tainted hearts and murder . the all star cast features barbara stanwyck  van heflin  james mason  ava gardner  cyd charisse and nancy davis .  
the animation in this re  imagining of peter  the wolf is excellent  but at   minutes  the film is sleep inducing . they should have called it  peter  the snails   because everything moves at a snail  s pace . i couldn  t even watch the film in one sitting  i had to watch it   minutes at a time  and it was pure torture .  br    br   save yourself   minutes  do not watch this film  and you will thank me .  br    br   i can only guess that the oscar nominating committee only watched the first few minutes of the nominees . unfortunately  to vote for the winner in the best animated short  short   category  the voters will have to sit through the whole thing . i already feel sorry for them  and must predict that there  s no way this film will come close to winning .  
ll cool j . morgan freeman . dylan mcdermott . kevin spacey . john heard . cary elwes . roslyn sanchez . justin timberlake   wait a minute . justin timberlake  and he  s the star  i should have known better than to rent edison force . in fact  i did know better . but in a moment of absolute weakness  i rented this stv . when you have big names like freeman and spacey in an stv  you know it  s one of two things an indie or a dog . as in sat  on  a  shelf . which this did . and with good reason . the plot as such involves a squad of corrupt killer cops a la magnum force  and  journalist  timberlake is the only one brave enough to uncover them . he is targeted for his efforts   or maybe i should say for his horrible acting . i turned it off after one of the bad guys was shot through the forehead and still had the forethought to turn to his shooter and smile before collapsing . just awful . the real tipoff to how bad this flick is to see freeman on the cover and throughout the movie sporting an unruly beard  looking like nothing so much as a hobo . you just know the director was not in control . freeman is clearly slumming .  
this hitchcock movie bears little similarity to his later suspense films and seems much more like a very old fashioned morality tale . a young couple receives an inheritance that they believe will make them happy . they spend the money traveling about the world and living a very hedonistic existence . however  after a while the excitement begins to wane and the couple become dissipated and pointless in their existence . however  out of no where  when they are on a luxury cruise  the ship sinks and they lose everything   and end up much happier in the end because they now appreciate life  what an odd  silly and preachy film  personally  i  d like to inherit all that money and find out if it makes me miserable   br    br   the production values are relatively poor compared to later productions   a rough film with poor sound quality and rather amateurish acting .  
bored londoners henry kendall and joan barry  as fred and emily hill  receive an advance on an inheritance . they use the money go traveling . their lives become more exciting as they begin relationships with exotic betty amann  for mr . kendall  and lonely percy marmont  for ms . barry  . but  they remain as boring as they were before . arguably bored director alfred hitchcock tries to liven up the well  titled  as quoted in the film  from shakespeare  s  the tempest    rich and strange  by ordering up some camera trickery . an opening homage to king vidor  s  the crowd  is the highlight . the low point may be the couple dining on chinese prepared cat .  br    br    rich and strange           alfred hitchcock  henry kendall  joan barry  percy marmont  elsie randolph  
yet another early film from alfred hitchcock which seems to have been done out of contractual obligation . as with juno and the paycock  you can tell that hitchcock had little interest in this movie . there is almost no style or craft to it at all . the story revolves around fred and emily  a young married couple  who come into some money and go on a cruise which proves to be a test of their marriage . emily is given a chance at a new life with a good hearted  wealthy man who falls in love with her  but chooses to take the high road and stay with her husband . this might seem more believable if fred weren  t made out to be a completely insensitive  pompous ass who jumps at the first opportunity he sees to leave his wife for another woman . the couple ends up staying together  but the movie lacks any real reconciliation scene . the third act goes in a completely different direction  with the couple stranded on an abandoned ship and rescued by an asian fishing boat . joan barry does give a very stirring performance as the faithful wife of an unfaithful husband . that  s about all you can say for this one .  
i imagine when hitchcock scholars and experts find themselves together  the talk is not of the master  s great films like  north by northwest  or  strangers on a train   but a lesser  known effort like this one from      obscure and seriously flawed  which showcases the great director in fledgling form .  br    br   emily and fred hill  joan barry and harry kendall  are a middle  class london couple scrimping to stay ahead . he begrudges their lot she accepts it . change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle  saying he will set them up so they can enjoy a life of globetrotting luxury . they make plans for a world cruise . but their problems have only begun .  br    br   just ask richard hannay  roger o . thornhill  or marion crane . well  marion  s indisposed at the moment  but you get the idea . travel and hitchcock go together like moths and candlelight  setting one up for a perilous journey at best . this is perhaps hitchcock  s earliest foray into this theme  and not his most successful or memorable . hitchcock tries to mix comedy with another element  in this case domestic drama rather than suspense  but the two do not cohere  at least not here .  br    br   the hills are a dull  flat couple  with no chemistry or personality . when they find themselves at the folies bergre  in the form of cross  cutting with footage that looks ten years older than the rest of this film  they are abashed at the outfits of the female performers .  the curtain  s gone up too soon   gasps emily .  they aren  t dressed .   br    br   when the hills drift away from each other on an ocean cruise  it seems a mercy killing more than a tragic thing  even if the people they partner off with are drips  too . emily  s man  gordon  percy marmont  carries around photographs of himself sitting next to empty chairs  which he suggests be filled by emily . fred  s girl  the princess   betty amann  has clara bow  s eyes and wallace beery  s five o  clock shadow . there  s also an obnoxious fellow passenger  a dowdy spinster whom hitchcock always introduces with a cartoonish horn cue . subtlety was still to come .  br    br   everything is shot in an abrupt manner  with confusing blocking and strained dialogue . hitchcock tries for some early comedy with fred and his umbrella that doesn  t come off  and kendall seems to aim for laughs while berry plays for tears . when fred and emily break off  they are seen being jostled on a pair of wedged  together rickshaws  one of many clunky attempts at symbolism .  br    br   emily  s the only vaguely sympathetic character  in part because she really cares about her husband and agonizes over her affair with gordon  but mostly because she  s among the first of hitchcock  s many magnetic blondes  her platinum ringlets whipping around her face like a botticelli aboard the open deck of a chinese junk near the film  s conclusion .  br    br   matters conclude with a dangerous situation as set  piece for the protagonists to come to grips with  and presumably repair their relationship . only they aren  t active participants in the resolution  and except for the fate of a friendly cat  nothing about the ending resonates .  br    br   at least you get some enjoyable views of london in the early     s  and a chance to see hitchcock when he was still working for food .  rich and strange  is hitchcock paying his dues  and learning his trade  one for scholars but not casual film goers .  
there is no suspense in this serial  when one episode ends the acting is so shoddy  the effects are so poor and the script is so awful that the last thing on your mind is how batman and robin will save the day . no  in fact  the last thing on your mind is watching the next episode  this show is so boring that i can  t see how it ever got made  let alone released on dvd  obviously the effects are not up to par with contemporary batman films  but even the script is awful . an incoherent babbling mess about some evil professor and a ray gun or something like that  i am not quite sure  because it is too awful to follow . watch the   s version  or the    s versions  or even batman begins  just anything over this version   
 . . . this would have been what you got .  br    br   words alone cannot describe how bad this is . if you  re having trouble sleeping pop this in and i guarantee you  ll be out in fifteen minutes .  br    br   robert lowery was a pretty good actor in the   s   but he  s phoning it in here . in an interview  johnny  duncan  robin said that in one scene he and batman had to run from the car to the house and that lowery was doubled over out of camera range because his girdle was too tight  duncan himself looks more like a motorcycle hood than a boy wonder   in fact he  s more like a guy in his thirties waiting for lowery to kick off so he can wear the big cape .  br    br   driving a batmobile that looks like it rolled off honest al  s used car lot at below sticker price   the dynamic duo don  t put a lot of effort into hiding the fact that it  s bruce wayne  s car they  re driving   in fact it  s noted by several characters throughout the serial .  br    br   the acting is wooden   the sets are cheap   the dialogue is horrendous and if there was even a script they were following i  m sure it read along the lines of  batman says something here  because it certainly seems like they  re making it up as it goes along .  br    br   batman  s utility belt is made out of thin fabric with no apparent pouches to hold his gadgets   in one scene when batman needs a full size blow torch the producers just tuck one in as the scene starts   never to be seen again . his cowl is so bad he can  t even see out of it and his ears look more like flopsy mopsy the disgruntled easter rabbit than they do anything batlike .  br    br   in one scene  i am not making this up   batman substitutes counterfiet radioactive money that will burst into flames the second it is exposed to air as a payoff to some hoods . it  s radioactive so he can trace it   the reason it  s so highly flammable isn  t explained . well  unfortunately the thugs open the package in a cardboard warehouse   we know it  s a cardboard warehouse because batman sneaks in and pushes these boxes that look to weigh about six ounces on the hoods to knock them out   and soon the whole place burns to the ground . thanks batman   br    br   in another scene after the batmobile is disabled  batman flags down a passing motorist in the middle of nowhere and takes his car   leaving the man to fend for himself and telling him not to worry because if batman smashes up the car the police will surely buy him another one  yes  you guessed it  said car careens off a cliff within a few short seconds . not that it matters much to the motorist who has probably died from exposure trying to hoof his way back to gotham city .  br    br   there is a tired subplot with lois lane clone vicki vale who is convinced bruce wayne is batman   she must have noticed the batmobile parked outside of bruce  s house   or maybe she saw batman and robin running up the walk in the clearly densely populated suburban neighborhood .  br    br   everything about this serial is bad   and all but the youngest in the audience will want to hurl toast at the screen . if you  re looking for bad cinema you could not hit a better mark   if you want entertainment  try the burton batman films  the adam west batman tv series or the earlier lewis wilson batman serial .  
granting the budget and time constraints of serial production  batman and robin nonetheless earns a place near the bottom of any  cliffhanger  list  utterly lacking the style  imagination  and atmosphere of its     predecessor  batman .  br    br   the producer  sam katzman  was known as  king of the quickies  and  like his director  spencer bennett  seemed more concerned with speed and efficiency than with generating excitement .  unfortunately  this team also produced the two superman serials  starring kirk alyn  with their tacky flying animation  canned music  and dull supporting players .  the opening of each chapter offers a taste of things to come thoroughly inane titles   robin rescues batman    batman vs wizard    mechanical music droning on  and our two heroes stumbling toward the camera looking all around  either confused or having trouble seeing through their cheap halloween masks . batman  s cowl  with its devil  s horns and eagle  s beak  fits so poorly that the stuntman has to adjust it during the fight scenes . his  utility belt  is a crumpled strip of cloth with no compartments  from which he still manages to pull a blowtorch and an oxygen tube at critical moments   br    br   in any case  the lead players are miscast . robert lowery displays little charm or individual flair as bruce wayne  and does not cut a particularly dynamic figure as batman . he creates the impression that he  d rather be somewhere  anywhere else  john duncan  as robin  has considerable difficulty handling his limited dialogue . he is too old for the part  with an even older stuntman filling in for him . out of costume  lowery and duncan are as exciting as tired businessmen ambling out for a drink  without one ounce of the chemistry evident between lewis wilson and douglas croft in the     serial .  br    br   although serials were not known for character development  the earlier batman managed to present a more energetic cast . this one offers a group going through the motions  not that the filmmakers provide much support . not one of the hoodlums stands out  and they are led by one of the most boring villains ever   the wizard .   great name   actually  they are led by someone sporting a curtain  a shawl  and a sack over his head  with a dubbed voice that desperately tries to sound menacing . the  prime suspects    an eccentric professor  a radio broadcaster   are simply annoying .  br    br   even the established comic book  regulars  are superfluous . it is hard to discern much romance between vicki vale and bruce wayne . despite the perils she faces  vicki displays virtually no emotion . commissioner gordon is none  too  bright . unlike in the previous serial  alfred the butler is a mere walk  on whose most important line is  mr wayne  s residence .  they are props for a drawn  out  gimmick  laden  incoherent plot  further saddled with uninspired  repetitive music and amateurish production design . the wayne manor exterior resembles a suburban middle  class home in any sitcom  the interiors those of a cheap roadside motel . the batcave is an office desperately in need of refurbishing .  the costumes are kept rolled up in a filing cabinet    br    br   pity that the filmmakers couldn  t invest more effort into creating a thrilling adventure . while the availability of the two serials on dvd is a plus for any serious  batfan   one should not be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box . they capture more of the authentic mood of the comic book than all   chapters of batman and robin combined .  br    br   now for the good news   this is not the     version   
this show made me feel physically sick  and totally detached from british society as a whole . it was programmes such as this and blue peter that pretended that there were  are no class divisions in britain . they  d always say things like  go into your loft and you may find this . .  or  go into your back garden tonight and . . .   what about us  scummy  working class kids who never never had a  loft   and a  back garden  which was nothing more than a  meter square of balcony on the   th floor of a council block  public service broadcasting  yeah right  and on top of that  it was awfully depressing to see those stupid  middle class  up  their  own  backside kids mess about with bits of old plastic having  fun  . . . do me a favour  and  why don  t you  go and slit your wrists or do a coke overdose on  mama and papa  s  money . . . you make me sick  
he was my hero for all time until he went along with if you can call it a movie i went to the show to watch it and come out and not just asking for me money back but asked for double the money thats how bad my hero  s acting and the hole thing was . . . . . . . . . . . . . i can  t believe that steven segal  s career has hit so low that he has been reduced to making  th rate films with  th rate secondary actors . i watched this moving expecting to see him beet the crap out of some people the way he usually does . when he is reduced to using a single judo chop between the shoulder blades to take out an opponent and the guy falls like a ton of bricks something is wrong .  br    br   the plot is unbelievable as a movie  and even if you excuse the visuals  and had read this story as a novel  you  d be left wondering why you had even picked up the book .  br    br   steven segal goes through the motions and seems as if he is only doing this because he is under obligation . he shows no effort and no enthusiasm  and in some scenes he doesn  t show up at all .  br    br   i hate to repeat other peoples comments  but the use of stock footage for cut scenes and for visuals of the aircrafts in flight is pathetic . the condition of those scenes chopped in  is shaky and scenes themselves seemed to have deteriorated over time . the zappruder film showing president john f kennedy being assassinated is steadier and cleaner .  br    br   my honest opinion is to tell you not to waste your time seeing this movie  it is not up to the standards of his work in the glimmer man or exit wounds . i read one review that said the movie had a   million dollar budget  segal being paid  of that  and that the movie still came in under budget . i must concur .  br    br   it is no wonder that this is a direct to dvd movie  as no conscientious theater owner would play this movie .  
i can barely find the words to express how utterly utterly awful this film is . i was sold on the promise of action  with segal and stealth aircraft  which normally make for an entertaining action movie . i can honestly say i  d rather gouge my eyes out with a cocktail stick than have to see this film again . the acting was so awful that it was almost funny . the story was insanely weak  with plot holes so cavernously wide you could fly an f    through them . the script was so poor  if i found out that a   year old wrote it i shouldn  t be in the least surprised . the direction and production is so amateur  i wouldn  t even hire these people to shoot my worst enemies wedding video . utter utter drivel . those responsible for making this movie have cheapened the art  and they should be ashamed of themselves . steven segal should never ever show his face in public again  i can  t imagine what made him agree to star in this  the worst film i have seen in my entire life .  
how can there be that many corrupt cops without any one of them slipping up  with enough cops to run a mini  war that include such weapons as flamethrowers  you would think they would have been caught before someone writing for a weekly coupon newspaper overheard someone saying  thanks  to a corrupt cop .  br    br   you will never get your   ish minutes back . life is too precious to rent this movie .  br    br   i feel bad for the big named actors that made the mistake of making this movie .  br    br   if you like justin timberlake  feel free to rent this movie . he does have a very major part in it  so fans might enjoy seeing him .  br    br   however  i believe most of his fans are young girls  who may be turned off by the violence in this movie .  
i own almost every seagal movie  yes even ones like this that are low budget   and i must say  this may be the worst  not only of his movies  but of all movies ever made . the only highlight of this film  and only reason i gave it  stars instead of   is that a . it is seagal  and b . seagal does have some sweet action sequences  specifically in the store  and also when ever else he takes out an entire army with a knife . next time give me   minutes of seagal killing people  and don  t even bother with a story line  because the storyline not only stunk  but so did the acting  the fact that f     s and f     s somehow changed into f    s  and also the fact that the stealth was as fast as an f    . also the stealth never had to refuel    and since when is afghanistan considered hostile territory from an air force stand point . last i checked  afghanistan has no air force  we  usa  control the skies . also  this top secret mission was played through speakers to all the crew in the room  yet the admiral still whispers to the other guy that it is secret . also  how did seagal go from the bottom of the truck  to the top  please tell us why they jailed him  since when are air force pilots great commandos  unless they are owen wilson   and since when are their drunks in arab countries  considering muslims don  t drink alcohol  also on top of that  since when do arabs listen to orders from females like the   in charge  the highlight of the film was definitely seagal killing people in the store  and the other   people he killed with a knife  as well as the very brief and totally random lesbian scene that came out of nowhere .  
well  i can once and for all put an end to the question  what is the worst movie ever made . . . ever   it is flight of fury  starring and co  written by steven seagal . sure there are lots of famously bad movies  but this one takes the cake in that it takes itself so seriously .  br    br   it is a romanian  made film that speaks to just how far romania has to go to catch up with bollywood . it also speaks to just how utterly devoid of intellect and talent steven seagal has become . this movie is so bad that you literally feel violated after watching it and need to crouch in the corner of the shower and cry  knowing that nothing will make you feel clean again .  br    br   it was released only on video  i can  t imagine why  and i suspect the workers that had to make the dvd  s had to wear protective gear and receive regular counseling .  
star rating  saturday night  friday night  friday morning  sunday night  monday morning  br    br   the american military has just launched a major new stealth fighter plane that can evade detection unlike any other . a renegade pilot  steve touissant  steals it and plots to hold the us government to ransom with it . so they are forced to send in their best man john sands  seagal  who else   to stop him  in exchange for his freedom from a detention centre where his mind was to be wiped of all the incriminating information he  s learned over the years .  br    br   i skipped attack force because i could tell from the cover and all the post production tampering that had occurred that it would be crap and when all the negative reviews and low user rating came pouring in it just confirmed what i thought . but i decided to give fof a go because shadow man  by the same director  wasn  t bad and  what the hell  seagal was my favourite action star once and maybe  just maybe  he could make a great film again . oh what a fool i was .  br    br   dubbing  horrendous stock footage of aerial stealth fighter jets  awful camera work  cheap production values  risible  unconvincing fight scenes that have become seagal  s trademark and a boring  sleep inducing plot that doesn  t go anywhere .  br    br   thankfully his next film  once upon a time in the hood  which i  ll be skipping   apparently marks the end of his contract with sony  meaning no more of these awful european lensed action films and his next film prince of pistols might mark a return to theatres . hell  he  s done it before and stallone will have managed to do it before him  rocky balboa .   br    br   this isn  t a flight of fury . it isn  t even a flight of fun . it  s a flight that fails to even take off the ground .   
unless you are mentally ill or the most die hard segal fan you will tire of this horrendous excuse for a film in under  minutes .  br    br   the plot  even for a seagal film  the plot is just stupid . i mean its not just bad  its barely coherent .  br    br   the acting  unbelievably wooden . literally seen better acting in porno  s . ironically this film tries to cash in on this audience which a  lesbian love scene  which is utterly cringe  worthy .  br    br   special effects  wouldn  t look out of place in a    s sword and sorcery flick .  br    br   unless you suffer from insomnia and have exhausted all other cures  don  t make the same mistake as i did and buy this dvd  as you will be asking for that hour and a half of your life back .  
steven seagal movies have never been oscar material but with each passing release they get worse and worse .  br    br   this one starts with seagal getting picked up by the fbi because he killed a few people  in self defence  he  s active military so is saved from jail to rescue a stolen stealth plane that will be used by the clich  evil english villain  that hollywood is so obsessed with including these days .  br    br   suffice to say the film has terrible dialog that is almost always delivered with a hefty topping of cheese and lack of acting talent . the story isn  t interesting and there are segments of it which make absolutely no sense and do not add anything to the story  characters of movie as a whole such as the  lesbian  interaction between the two main females in the cast which is there purely for titilation to get viewers and yet isn  t even titilating just confusing as it makes no sense as to why it happened when it didn  t need to .  br    br   in short a terrible script with bad dialog  delivered by sub  par actors  boring and at times badly choreographed action scenes  and non  relevant parts that only serve to achieve the near  impossible and make the movie even worse .  br    br   save   minutes of your life and give this miss  even if you are seagal  s most ardent fan .  
i just watched this movie on starz . let me go through a few things i thought could have been improved the acting  writing  directing  special effects  camera crew  sound  and lighting . it also seemed as though the writers had no idea anything that had to do with the movie . apparently back in      when the dollar was stronger you could buy a super advanced stealth bomber that could go completely invisible for    million . now  a  days those things cost about   billion and they cant go invisible . apparently you can fly from the us to the middle east in an hour . there was a completely random lesbian scene  which i didn  t mind  but it seemed like a lame attempt to get more guys to see it . the camera would randomly zoom in on actors and skip to random scenes . oh yeah  since its a steven segal movie  its predictable as hell . all in all i rank it right up there with snakes on a plane .  
nobody could like this movie for its merit but  if you have a sense of humor and enjoy schlock movies for their mst  quality  then this is for you . it ranks up there with  road house  for its preposterous characters  sets and story line . the bad writing really cracked me up  i want you to dust those guys off  instead of  . . . dust those guys .  f    s take off from the carrier but  when they get into formation  they  re f    s  without a hint of anger or skepticism  segal goes back to work for the general who  only minutes before  was overseeing a covert  mind wipe  on seagal . segal runs out of bullets and resorts to a knife to kill the guards . so naturally  the guards all drop their guns and fight with knives too  the hand grenade is a dud but explodes anyway . the little stealth fighter can fly all the way from california to afganistan without refueling . then segal flies it back to california  the long way  i . e .  by way of europe  even though there  s a carrier giving him air support   minutes away in the arabian sea . the cic in the carrier consists of  black pcs   flat screen tvs and pictures of gauges and maps on the walls . what a hoot   
first of all  f    is not high tech any more and it is not a fighter aircraft .  br    br   secondly  the f    s and f    s cannot change their appearances they are not transformers .  br    br   thirdly  the f   has only one m   cannon  not two .  br    br   last but not the least  at the end of the film  seagle selected sidewinder missile . but somehow when he pulled the trigger  the actual missile fired turned out to be a maverick . as i have the experience of seeing f    s and f    s being mysteriously transformed into f    s  this small transformation of missiles is not a big surprise to me . however  there is still one question i have to ask how did they manage to use an air to ground missile to shoot down a flying f   . . .  br    br   when students hand in really bad work  teachers assign   s . now i think for the sake of properly marking this film  imdb should seriously consider adding a       option . otherwise  it is not fair for those who receive  out of   . . .  
over the years i  ve seen a bunch of these straight to video segal movies  and every one holds the same amount of entertainment unfortanetley  the entertainment level is at a low . sure  the action sequences were amusing  but that was pretty much it . seagal was really in his prime when he did movies like under siege  under siege   and executive decision  at least on the action standpoint   but during the past ten years  these types of movies that star segal really do not meet his past qualifications .  br    br   on the more positive side  the movie did make good use of time  like some of the action sequences and use of wit . just when the movie seemed to just drag on  a pretty cool action scene brought it up out of the gutter . i honestly believe that more of segal  s movies would do better if he wasn  t the only one that fans recognize in the movie . supporting actors and actresses are a very important thing  and if his current movies had this known supporting actors and actresses  maybe the movie will get more popular results .  
you  ve gotta hand it to steven seagal whatever his other faults may be  he does have good taste in women . if you pick a seagal movie  chances are there will be one or more very beautiful women in it . and usually  they do not function as mere eye candy they get involved in the action and fight  shoot guns  kill with knives  etc .  flight of fury  offers the duo of ciera payton  who has a very sexy face  with luscious lips to match angelina jolie  s  and katie jones  and finds time to get them involved in both a catfight and a little lesbian fondling  and if it seems like i  m spending a little too much time talking about them  it  s because the rest of the movie  although passable  is so unexciting that it  s hard to find much else to talk about . ironically  the weakest aspect is probably seagal himself  who looks as if he can  t even be bothered to try to pretend to care . this being a military  type actioner  there is very little fighting in it  and he doesn  t fit into his role  a stealth fighter pilot   the best in the world   of course  very well  which may explain his almost offensive sleepwalking .        
if you watched this movie you know why i said  jesus  jesus  jesus  . hehehe    every time they said  jesus  jesus  jesus  . . . i laughed thinking  jesus  jesus  jesus  why did i rent this movie   i cannot believe how oscar winners like freeman and spacey appeared here in the background while timberlake and ll cool j grabbed the screen . wtf is timberlake  dreaful acting  i think someone like joshua jackson could have done a much better job  this job was perfect for joshua jackson and believe me i am not a big fun of him . . . but i really prefer an actor  not this android called timberlake . and his girlfriend was shallow  hollow and annoying as hell . i was happy when they both were popped in the street .  br    br   the story was ok and i think dylan mc dermott did his bad guy role very well . the movie was entertaining but i think timberlake ruined it all . it would have been much enjoyable without him .  br    br   by the way  the music was ok  but suddenly every time the music appeared the movie turned into a mtv video clip with flashes  low motion and things like that . something misplaced for this cops movie i thought . maybe they wanted to make a mtv video clip for timberlake .  
this movie should have never been made .  br    br   what a shame of the budget .  br    br   please hire convincing actors  and make a proper movie . very thin plot  and unconvincing lines . almost hilarious  and that is a shame for an action movie . . . .  br    br   definitely not worth watching .  br    br   they keep replaying the same  shots  of an stealth airplane flying away . you have seen it ones  and that was not worth re  running  or  times .  br    br   it is time for steven seagal to retire from movie  making .  br    br   his movies are getting worser every time .  br    br   black dawn  and submerged were already bad  but this movie is even worse .  
steven seagal  mr . personality himself  this time is the united states  greatest stealth pilot who is promised a pardon from the military  . . who attempted to swipe his memory at the beginning of the movie for which he escaped base  later caught after interrupting a gang of robbers in a shootout at a gas station  if he is able to successfully infiltrate a northern afghanistan terrorist base operated by a group called black sunday  who have commandeered an air force stealth fighter thanks to an american traitor . along with a fellow pilot who admired the traitor  jannick  mark bazeley   john sands  seagal  will fly into enemy territory  receiving help from his arab lover  jessica  ciera payton  and a freedom fighter  rojar  alki david  once they are on ground . jannick is kidnapped by black sunday leaders  stone  vincenzo nicoli  and his female enforcer  eliana  katie jones   and sands must figure out how to not only re  take command of the kidnapped stealth fighter  but rescue him as well . and  maybe  sands can get revenge on the traitor he trained  rather  steve toussaint  in the process . sands has   hours until a general  s navy pilots bomb the entire area . on board the stealth  black sunday equipped a biochemical bomb  hoping to detonate it on the united states .  br    br   seagal gets a chance to shoot afghans when he isn  t slicing their throats with knives . the film is mostly machine guns firing and bodies dropping dead . the setting of afghanistan doesn  t hold up to scrutiny  . . nor does how easily seagal and co . are able to move about the area undetected so easily  and the plot itself is nothing to write home about . the movie is edited fast  the camera a bit too jerky . seagal isn  t as active a hero as he once was and his action scenes are tightly edited where we have a hard time seeing him taking out his foes  unlike the good old days . one of seagal  s poorest efforts  and he  s as understated as ever  . . not a compliment  . even more disappointing is the fact that seagal never fights in hand to hand combat with the film  s chief villains  tis a shame . he doesn  t even snap a wrist or crack a neck in any visible way  . . sure we see a slight resemblance of some tool getting tossed around  but it  s not as clear a picture as i enjoy because the filmmakers have such fast edits and dizzying close  ups  .  
flight of fury starts as general tom barnes  angus macinnes  organises an unofficial test flight of the x     a new stealth fighter jet with the ability to literally turn invisible . general barnes gives his top pilot colonel ratcher  steve toussaint  the job  everything goes well until the x    disappears  even more literally than barnes wanted as ratcher flies it to northern afghanistan  delivers it to a terrorist group known as the black sunday lead by peter stone  vincenzo nicoli  who plans to use the x    to fly into us airspace undetected  drop some bombs which will kills lots of people . general barnes is worried by the loss of his plane  sends in one man army john sands  co  writer  executive producer steven seagal  to get it back  kill all the bad guy  s in the process . . .  br    br   this american  british  romanian co  production was directed by michael keusch  was the third film in which he directed seagal after the equally awful shadow man        attack force        luckily someone decided the partnership wasn  t working  an unsuspecting public have thankfully been spared any further collaboration  s between the two . apparently flight of fury is an almost scene  for  scene word  for  word remake of black thunder       starring michael dudikoff with many of the same character  s even sharing the same name so exactly the same dialogue could be used without the makers even having to change things like names although i must admit i have never seen black thunder  therefore cannot compare the two . flight of fury is a terrible film  the poorly made  written waste of time that seagal specialises in these days . it  s boring even though it  s not that slow  the character  s are poor  it  s full of clichs  things happen at random  the plot is poor  the reasoning behind events are none existent  it  s a very lazy production overall as it never once convinces the viewer that they are anywhere near afghanistan or that proper military procedures are being followed . the action scenes are lame  there  s no real excitement in it  the villains are boring as are the heroes  it  s right down there with the worst seagal has made .  br    br   flight of fury seems to be made up largely of stock footage which isn  t even matched up that well  the background can change  peoples clothes change  the area changes  the sky  the quality of film changes very abruptly as it  s all too obvious we are watching clips from other  better  films spliced in . hell  seagal never even goes anywhere near a plane in this . the action scenes consist of shoot  outs so badly edited it  s hard to tell who is who  of course seagal breaking peoples arms . the whole production feels very cheap  shoddy .  br    br   the imdb reckons this had a budget of about            which i think is total rubbish  i mean if so where did all the money go  although set in afghanistan which is a war torn arid desert flight of fury looks like it was filmed down my local woods  it was actually shot in romania  the romanian countryside does not make a convincing afghanistan . the acting is terrible as one would expect  seagal looks dubbed again .  br    br   flight of fury is a terrible action film that is boring  amateurish  is an almost scene  for  scene remake of another film anyway . another really lazy  poorly produced action thriller from seagal  why do i even bother any more   
flight of fury takes the mantle of being the very worst steven seagal flick i  ve ever seen . . . up to now .  br    br   it  s a dreadful bore with no action scenes of any interest  seagal isn  t really trying in this  he  s fat and his voice is dubbed once more .  br    br   the co  stars fare no better  being a rather sorry load of  rd raters .  br    br   the direction by keusch is very poor and it comes as no surprise that he  s also responsible for another couple of seagal stinkers  shadow man  attack force  the screenplay co  written by seagal himself is laughably inept .  br    br   according to imdb    m was spent on this boring load of old tosh  if these figures are correct i sense a big tax fiddle as nowhere near that amount was spent .  br    br   flight of fury is actually a shot for shot remake of the michael dudikoff flick black thunder  which has to be better than this tripe .  br    br   this has no redeeming qualities whatsoever  give it a miss      out of   
as steven segal movies go this one is bottom of the barrel . his best was just fodder for bored teenagers . this one tips the scales  then falls off . the characters are all cardboard . the story is double lame . i can  t spoil it by telling you the ending . you already know how all steven segal movies end if you have seen one . here goes . he is a super  dooper government agent who know too much to turn loose so they decide  instead of killing him  to dope his brain until he don  t remember squat . he escapes  of course  gets arrested and is located by his old general who needs his one man in a million experience to get back a stealth plane that has been handed over to a terrorist gang in afghanastan by a rogue air force pilot who  surprise  surprise  segal trained . all the heroes  except segal  s character and his dusky girlfriend  die heroically and steve  baby save the whole world in one swell foop  or fell swoop . whatever . made with some surplus air force and navy flying film . and a lot of boom  booms . get some popeye cartoons instead .  
steven seagal appears to be sleepwalking through a dreadful movie shot almost entirely in close  up to disguise the complete lack of budget and resources . to pick on the technical flaws  silver f  a    s and f    s take of from a carrier for an air  strike  and miraculously become camouflaged f    s for the actual strike  would give this movie more credibility than it deserves . suffice it to say that the most interesting thing in the movie is the credit titles which fade on and then disappear in a lightning wipe  which presumably is available to all users of final cut pro . putting all your creativity into your own credit puts michael keusch in the same category as marcel mandu .  
  flight of fury  is a shockingly dire but worst of all boring action film  i don  t expect a lot from a seagal film  all i expect is to be moderately entertained for   or so minutes with some mindless action  unfortunately this doesn  t even achieve that low expectation  the action scenes are few and far between  the plot  which is totally irrelevant in these films  is needlessly complicated and confusing with huge plot holes throughout  the acting is truly abysmal  bordering on embarrassing with seagal and his whispering one expression performance being the best among the sorry lot of  rd raters  i find it hard to believe that anything close to    m was spent on this dire mess unless    m of that   was seagal  s salary  i somehow doubt it  the one moment of any interest to straight guys or gay girls is that out of seemingly nowhere two hot chicks end up in a lesbian sex scene of sorts complete with huge baps on display other than that  it  s mediocre stuff which is no different to many of the michael dudikoff b  movies i  ve endured  br    br        
i usually don  t comment anything  i read the others opinions  . . . but this  this one i  have  to comment . . . i was convinced do watch this movie by worlds like action  f     and other hi  tech stuff  but by only few first minutes and i changed my mind . . . lousy acting  lousy script and a big science fiction .  br    br   it  s one of the worst movies i have ever seen . . .  br    br   simply . . . don  t bother . . .  br    br   and one more thing  before any movie i usually check user comments and rating on this site . . .  .  points and i give this movie a try  now i  m wondering who rate this movie by giving it more than  points            
following the appalling attack force  chances were that seagal could only have a step up with flight of fury . to out  stink attack force would take some doing . flight of fury is a marked improvement overall  but still in the grand scheme of thinks  mediocre . mediocrity is seemingly an achievement for seagal these days  a sad insight into his movie career  s decline . where attack force was a hodge  podge of plot lines altered drastically from conception  to filming  to post production  flight of fury keeps the plot line more simple . someone steals a high  tech stealth fighter  planning to use it to fire chemical weapons  which we later  bizarrely discover  will destroy the whole world in   hrs  . seagal has to get the plane back . it  s that simple  no annoying sub  plots  and conspiracies weighing the film down like far too many of his recent works . that  s not to suddenly say the storytelling is good though  it  s pretty poor . the introduction to side characters is badly done for example .  br    br   in filmic terms fof is bad . it  s badly acted by all involved  and seagal looks bored to tears almost . he  s just got the look of a toddler who  s been forced to perform the school nativity against his will  and so performs with a constant grimace and air of half assedness . can we blame seagal though when the material is so un  ambitious and cruddy  not really . this is the final film of his castel studio  s  multi  picture deal . the producers can  t be bothered to make anything remotely good  promising a   or so million dollar budget  and  after seagal  s obligatory  million  probably pocketing a nice hefty chunk of it themselves  if the film was made for the remaining  million  then i  m elvis pressley   . so in that respect why should seagal put the effort into a film that  s already got distribution sorted before it  s made . fan  s though may argue  he at least owes them the effort . he  s seriously looking jaded  and the continued use of stand ins and dub  overs is further indication of this . michael keusch directs with some efficiency  while the cinematography is quite good  but in all technical areas  and as usual with castel  a bog standard stunt team  there  s nothing more than mediocrity  and nothing to help the film rise above its material  and bored leading man . again there  s a few action scenes focusing on characters other than seagal  which in all truth we don  t want to see .  br    br   overall the action isn  t too bad . it  s nice and violent  and on occasion we  re treated to a few vintage nasty seagal beatings  but overall nothing special . partly due to a poor stunt crew  and the lack of time to film anything too complex or exciting . for me  shadow man was a more enjoyable film  because while ignoring the incoherent  jumbled  plot line  there were more vintage seagal moments  and more of him in centre stage . he never disappeared for long periods during the film . seagal disappears bizarrely during one action scene here  and re  appears after  with little explanation . there  s far too much stock footage used . using stock shots isn  t an entirely horrendous thing  but using it as a crutch is . we  re treated to countless establishing shots of naval ships  all the time  which get annoying . plus the continuity of the stock footage is all over the place  just check the backdrops  chopping and changing  .  br    br   the film is just middle of the road . it says it all that the films best scene is a completely needless  and gratuitous girl on girl scene  with two hot chicks . seagal even perks up briefly then too  overall this may be one of the better stock footage based actioners out there  but that  s not saying much at all . this will please many fans  but they should bear in mind  seagal himself would probably want to forget this one  s existence .   
i can  t believe that steven segal  s career has hit so low that he has been reduced to making  th rate films with  th rate secondary actors . i watched this moving expecting to see him beet the crap out of some people the way he usually does . when he is reduced to using a single judo chop between the shoulder blades to take out an opponent and the guy falls like a ton of bricks something is wrong .  br    br   the plot is unbelievable as a movie  and even if you excuse the visuals  and had read this story as a novel  you  d be left wondering why you had even picked up the book .  br    br   steven segal goes through the motions and seems as if he is only doing this because he is under obligation . he shows no effort and no enthusiasm  and in some scenes he doesn  t show up at all .  br    br   i hate to repeat other peoples comments  but the use of stock footage for cut scenes and for visuals of the aircrafts in flight is pathetic . the condition of those scenes chopped in  is shaky and scenes themselves seemed to have deteriorated over time . the zappruder film showing president john f kennedy being assassinated is steadier and cleaner .  br    br   my honest opinion is to tell you not to waste your time seeing this movie  it is not up to the standards of his work in the glimmer man or exit wounds . i read one review that said the movie had a   million dollar budget  segal being paid  of that  and that the movie still came in under budget . i must concur .  br    br   it is no wonder that this is a direct to dvd movie  as no conscientious theatre owner would play this movie .  
timberlake  s performance almost made attack the screen . it wasn  t all bad  i just think the reporters role was wrong for him .  br    br   ll cool j played the typical rapper role  toughest  baddest guy around . i don  t think the cracked a smile in the whole movie  not even when proposed to his girlfriend .  br    br   morgan freeman pretty much carried the whole movie . he was has some funny scenes which are the high point of the movie .  br    br   kevin spacey wasn  t good or bad he was just  there  .  br    br   overall it  s a dull movie . bad plot . a lot of bad acting or wrong roles for actors .  
humphrey bogart clearly did not want to be in this film  and be forced to play a part  mexican or he would have been suspended . believe me  he made the wrong choice  presumably  after the success of  dodge city   warners tried a follow  up with errol flynn and his usual list of buddies  like alan hale  guinn  big boy  williams  frank mc hugh and the ever  present john litel  but they made the huge mistake of trying to present miriam hopkins as a love interest for flynn v . randolph scott  and as a singer to really make things bad  because she proved one thing  and that is she cannot sing . the story was not too bad  but with bogie clearly miscast also  it turned out to be a poor western that was overlong  and on a low budget  but in fairness  color would not have helped .  
it has been said   a city on hill cannot hide itself  and virginia city  nevada  perched on the side of mt . davidson at     ft . west of tahoe  is a prime example  or in the context of the movie  should be . virginia city exploded in the american dream as a shower of gold and silver  suspiciously the same year the civil war began . it was the birthplace of the dean of american letters it was where a young reporter named samuel clemens began using the name  mark twain  and went on to become america  s most famous writer . it was also the birthplace of the great hearst fortune  and the launching pad of john mackay  who became the wealthiest man in america  the third wealthiest man in the world . hey  they should have made the movie about him  in the      s virginia city was the boomtown of all boomtowns  the home of the big bonanza  at one time the largest  metropolitan  area west of st . louis and east of san francisco . but virginia city  the movie  misses all that and is more about a hogwash north  south duello between the characters played by errol flynn and randolph scott . flynn is capt . kerry bradford  a union officer who is a pow in a concentration camp run by a mean confederate commander named capt . vance irby  played by scott . these two are always getting in each other  s way . bradford escapes and then tries to stop a shipment of gold bullion being  snuck  out of vc by who else other than . . . irby   hey  what  s he doing here    horrible . bogart plays a laughable mexican bandit who can  t decide who  s side he  s on . miriam hopkins plays a murky character named  julia hayne   obviously a historical lunge at the town  s first lady  julia bulette  who in real life a celebrated prostitute . she goes to washington and talks honest abe about saving bradford  not irby  from hanging and blah blah blah . go figure . they shoulda hung the writer . in  real life  twain reports that on the last day of the war  the setting sun caused the american flag atop mt . davidson to appear to the puzzled residents to be weirdly on fire  kind of like the movie . three days later they discovered that on that day the south capitulated . one interesting quirk in the film is how sidekicks alan hale and guin williams flick their pistols forward when they shoot  like they  re fishing  or trying to make the bullets go faster . not a bad idea for the movie . the same kind of goofiness is lathered over sap and corn throughout the movie . gosh  how could they miss the gold madness  profligate wealth  gun battles in the silver mines  mark twain getting run out of town and beat up after a showdown  the crooked railroad  the opera house fire  artemis ward  bulette  s huge funeral  the chinese tongs  the black saloons  the auction . .  all this high on a mountain surrounded by desert  the truth was unreal . did its fabulous wealth actually spark the great american holocaust  well  if you count this movie  it wouldn  t be the first debacle to come out of virginia city . it  s a disappointment for virginia city fans because it misses what made the town a  city of illusions   where it is said evil seeps out of the ground . . . okay  other than that it  s a fun movie . flynn and the gang are always great no matter what history they  re destroying . if flynn would just play his rotten self i  d double my rating .  
being a fan of cheesy horror movies  i saw this in my video shop and thought i would give it a try . now that i  ve seen it i wish it upon no living soul on the planet . i get my movie rentals for free  and i feel that i didn  t get my moneys worth . i  ve seen some bad cheesy horror movies in my time  hell i  m a fan of them  but this was just an insult .  
slashers   outta  stars   br    br   not really a very good movie . . . but i did like the idea behind it . . . and the the filmmakers did make it look pretty good considering the tiny budget they had to work with . the movie is ostensibly an  episode  of a live japanese reality show that sends several contestants into a sealed off  danger zone  and has three costumed creeps sent after to them to kill them . the survivor  if there is one  wins fame and fortune . . . everyone else just winds up dead . the main drawback to this movie is that the acting is pretty bad . none of the  real  people seem real at all . the actors playing the killers are kind of fun . . . because they are portraying cheesy and over  the  top caricatures of popular modern horror movie types . . . and that  s exactly how they would be done if this was an actual show . the movie pretends to be done all in one take . . . there is one cameraman who follows the contestants around the  danger zone  and everything is seen from the point of view of his camera . . . but the lights keep flickering on and off constantly  to hide the  cuts  from one take to another  i would imagine  .  
how can this movie have a  .  this movie was a piece of skunk st . first the actors were really bad i mean chainsaw charlie was so retarded . because in the very beginning when he pokes his head into the wooden hut  that happened to be about oh  quarter of an inch thick  that really cheap as flimsy piece of wood  and he did not even think he could cut threw it  second the person who did the set sucks as at supplying things for them to build with . the only good thing about this movie is the idea of this t . v . show . bottom line do not waste your hard earned cash on this hunk of st they call a movie .  br    br   rating  .   
i have read several good reviews that have defended and critised the various aspects of this film . one thing i see  over and over  is annoyance with megan  the idealistic political scientist  trying to change the world . i loved her character . maybe  because i am a   year old political science student and i think i  m going to change the world too  so i relate to megan . besides  she  s cute . she  s no super model  but more of a cute girl next door .  br    br   ok  so she cried and screamed a lot . it  s very dramatic  and seems overdone  but doesn  t it fit her character  she goes on that show with the intention of sacrificing her life to prove a point . she thinks people who enjoy such a show are sick . i think she made her argument very well . of course  being a young naive girl  she is terrified of what she is about to face . i think her acting accurately portrays a young girl showing moral courage despite her overwhelming fear . furthermore  i think she maintained a certain dignity throughout the film despite the desperate situation she was in .  br    br   as for the movie in general  other than megan  it was pretty much what i expected . it had excellent gore scenes  by micro  budget standards . the plot maybe took a quick thought  hardly any contemplation . it  s basically just a dark humorist senseless slasher film  which the name implies . i love the sadism of the doctor . he kept ripping megan  s shirt off  not just for the cause of sleaze  though largely so   but also to torment her  before he kills her . the chainsaw hick was hilarious . for slasher film lovers  he was probably the best character .  br    br   i give this film  out of   . it had a good setting  almost no plot  and a mix of good and terrible acting . i would recommend it for a cheap thrill  but hardly a diamond in the rough that is micro  budget horror .  
its spelled s  l  a  s  h  e  r  s . i was happy when the main character flashed her boobs . that was pretty tight . before and after that the movie pretty much blows . the acting is like e  list and it  s shown well in the movie . not to mention it is so low budget that preacherman and chainsaw charlie are played by the same person . the whole movie looks like it was shot with a camcorder instead of half way decent film . the only other reason i liked the movie was because chainsaw charlie and doctor ripper were funny . they said many stupid things that made me laugh . other than that if you see this movie at blockbuster do everyone a favor hide it behind lawnmowerman  . anybody that thinks this movie is good should be mentally evaluated .  
slashers . . . . . well if you like horrors its definitely one to see  otherwise don  t even bother . it is completely obvious that this film has an extremely low budget  for instance it looks as if the entire film has been shot in a warehouse somewhere  and on numerous occasions you will see the mike boom shadow and the camera mans shadow  trust me you wont need to look for them . also try to ignore the cheesy actors  if thats what you call them   the basic outline is a few people decide to go on a game show where they have to survive a night in a big maze due to their being  killers on the loose and whoever live  s at the end gets rich . now there is something about this film that keeps you watching and rarely do you find that with a cheap budget horror these days  for example when i watched it i thought to my self i would  nt mind having a go at this game  especially for    .    .    . so anyway i would recommend you watch it and make up your own mind .  
i couldn  t help but think of behind the mask the rise of leslie vernon  a massively more amazing film  when watching this because of the realistic feel to it as well as the great innovative idea . this could have been a great film . the acting is . . . from some of the actors alright . from others . . . it  s downright horrible .  br    br   that aside the idea is great and the format is great . the story is pretty good as well  though suffering often from big blows to the logical mind .  br    br   nevermind that though right  it is a horror movie after all .  br    br   i really want to see this remade . . . i really want it to be the fantastic film that it wants to be .  br    br   however  and you can  t really fault the minds behind the movie for this  this is obviously built upon a shoe string budget . and the fx really hurt the film overall .  br    br   great movie . . . . if you were to swap out for some better acting and slightly better fx .  br    br   whoever wrote it should keep going though  great idea here .  
more wide  eyed  hysterical   s hyper  cheerfulness that gives new meaning to anti  social  pathological behaviour . danza and grayson will leave you begging for mercy .  br    br   it  s a shame that all the people involved in the making of this movie are now dead  or in nursing homes  . i kinda thought about suing them for torture . as this movie started unleashing its shamelessly aggressive operatic assault onto my poor  defenseless ear  drums  i felt instant  strong pain envelop my entire being . that damn muscular vibrato can shatter soviet tanks into tiny bits  nevermind glass .  br    br    why didn  t you switch the channel if you didn  t like it    you might ask angrily . fair point  fair point . . . the answer is that i wanted to  but the pain was so sudden and excruciating that i fell to the floor  writhing in agony . with my last ounces of energy  i tried to reach the remote but couldn  t .  br    br   a silly little fisherman with the questionable talent of singing with an annoying opera voice is discovered by niven  who then proceeds to  pigmalionize  him . lanza is in love with asymmetrical grayson  but she predictably treats him with contempt until they finally hook up . this may seem like a rather thin plot  but this noisy movie is so chock  full of singing and music that there is barely any dialogue at all . this movie is relentless . forget about torturing hippies and war prisoners with slayer  s  reign in blood   as in a south park episode  . whatever little conversation there is amongst the silly adults that infest this strange   s musical world  it  s all infantile  as if they were all  year  olds impersonating grown  ups . i can only envy people who find movies like this funny . it must be great being easy  to  please what a world of wonder would open up to me if only i could enjoy any silly old gag as hilarious  gut  busting comedy .  br    br   but let  s examine this phenomenon  the   s musical . my best guess is that   s musicals offered the more day  dreaming idealists among us a glimpse into utopia or heaven  depending on whether you  re church  going or lenin  s  tomb  going   or at least very cheesy version of these fantasy  inspired places . ttono is more akin to a representation of hell  but that  s just me . i don  t seem to  get  musicals . people talk  there is a story  but then all  of  a  sudden everyone starts singing for about  minutes after which they abruptly calm down and then pretend as if nothing unusual happened  when you think about it  musicals are stranger than any science  fiction film .  br    br   worse yet  ttono  my favourite type of pizza  btw  is not just a   s musical  but one with opera squealing . opera is proof that there is such a thing as over  training a voice  to the point where it becomes an ear  piercing weapon rather than a means of bringing the listener pleasure . the clearest example of this travesty is when lanza and grayson unite their dark side vocal powers for a truly unbearable duet . i tried lowering the volume . i lowered it from   to   . then from   to   . then  . i ended up lowering it to a   which is usually so low that it  s only heard by specially  trained dogs and certain types of marsupials  and yet i still could hear those two braying like donkeys   br    br   take the scene in the small boat in the river . danza starts off with one of his deafening  brain  killing tunes  and then . . . nothing . no animals anywhere to be seen . even the crocodiles  who are mostly deaf  have all but left . if you look carefully  you might even see the trees change colour  from green to yellow  in a matter of minutes . no  this was not a continuity error  it was plain old torture of the flora . and those trees were just matte paintings  imagine how real trees would have reacted .  br    br   the reason glass breaks when a high c is belched out of the overweight belly of an operatic screamer is not due to any laws of physics relating to waves and frequency  but because glass is only human  hence can take only so much pain before committing suicide through spontaneous self  explosion . i can listen to the loudest  least friendly death metal band for hours  but give me just a minute of a soprano and i get a splitting headache .  
pathetic . . . worse than a bad made  for  tv movie . i can  t believe that spacey and freeman were in this flick . for some reason morgan freeman  s character is constantly talking about and saying  pussy  when referring to nsync boy  s girlfriend . morgan freeman calling women  pussy  is just awkward . . . what the hell were the people behind this film thinking  too many plot holes to imagine combined with the horrid acting  confusing camera angles  a lame script and cheap background music made this movie absolutely unbearable .  br    br   i rented this flop with low expectations . . . . but . . . well . . . it really sucked .  
a typical lanza flick that had limited audience appeal with a weak story line that was put together simply to justify lanza  s mgm contract at the time .  br    br   as reported by member lastliberal  above  grayson could not stand lanza because of his obscene advances towards her off  and sometimes on  camera . in addition  his gutter mannerism and the continual smell of alcohol in her face during scenes they did together were intolerable . after doing their second  and last  film together   toast of new orleans   the normally quiet grayson stormed into louie b . mayer  s office and told him in no uncertain words that she would never work with lanza again  period . mayer felt that grayson was much more valuable to mgm then lanza  so grayson  s statement stuck . grayson went on to star in a number of widely received  and far more profitable  musicals with howard keel and others . later in life when asked to compare lanza and keel her reply was that there was no comparison between them  and that keel was great to work with and had much more appeal to the  real people  in the audiences .  
i really didn  t expect much from this film seeing as it has people from parkersburg wv  which is were i live  acting in it . this town is dull and so is this film . there were a few decent scened in the movie but i was distracted by all the crappy landmarks they made a point to show . this movie may have been good if there was actual acting in it but there wasn  t any . unless you are from parkersburg and are interested in seeing what you see everyday  then stay away from this movie . the dialog will put you to sleep  the acting will bore you to tears and steven soderberg should lose some credibility after shooting crap like this . its a predictable movie with no surprises . what you see is what you get and that is a   minute tour of parkersburg west virginia and belpre ohio without a narrator .  
this film was recommended to me by a friend who lives in california . she thought it was wonderful because it was so real   just the way people in the ohio valley are   i  m from the area and i experienced the film as  just the way people in california think we are   i  ve lived in marietta and parkersburg and worked minimum wage jobs there . we laughed a lot  we bonded with and took breaks with people our own age the young people went out together at night . the older people had little free time after work because they were taking care of their families . the area is beautiful in the summer and no gloomier in the winter rain than anywhere else .  br    br   aside from the  if you live in a manufactured home you must be depressed  condescension  the story lacked any elements of charm  mystery or even a sense of dread .  br    br   martha  s character was the worst drawn . it  s doubtful that anyone so repressed would have belonged to a church  but if she had  she probably would have made friends there . i  ve read reviews that seem to assume martha was jealous of rose because rose was  younger  prettier and thinner  but if this is the case it isn  t shown . all we actually see is martha learning to dislike rose for reasons that would apply just as much if the three friends had been the same age and gender . we see martha feeling left out during smoking sessions  left out of the loop when social plans are made  used but not appreciated  and finally disrespected and hurt .  br    br   just one more thing are we supposed to suspect kyle of murder because he had once had a few panic attacks  please . this takes stigma against mental illness to a new level .  
when thinking of the revelation that the main character in  bubble  comes to at films end  i am reminded of last years  machinist  with christian bale . the only difference between the two films is the literal physical weight of the characters .  br    br   an understated  yet entirely realistic portrayal of small town life . the title is cause for contemplation . perhaps  we  the audience are the ones in the  bubble  as we are given no payoffs in the films slim   minute running time . audience reactions were often smug and judgmental  clearly indicating how detached people can be from seeing any thread of humanity in characters so foreign to themselves . these characters are the ones people refer to as those that put george w . back in office for a second term .  br    br   it  s sobering to consider how reality television has spoiled our sense of reality when watching an audience jump to their feet for the exit as soon as the credits role . this film has it  s merits  and is deserving of consideration for the things it doesn  t say outright .  
i just saw this at the venice film festival  and can  t quite decide about it . we were never allowed to get close enough to any of the characters to care about them . maybe that was the point  that we are all in a  bubble  of our own  but these people didn  t compel me to be concerned about them or shocked at their various fates . at a running time of just over an hour  the characters weren  t very well developed . lots of time was devoted to shots of factory equipment  forklifts  conveyor belts  shovels   and the slightly  creepy  looking baby dolls with surprisingly lifelike eyes  that most of the characters made for a living  were somehow more interesting than the live people . an interesting experiment  but somehow it never quite came together .  
san francisco is a big city with great acting credits . in this one  the filmmakers made no attempt to use the city . they didn  t even manage the most basic of realistic details . so i would not recommend it to anyone on the basis of being a san francisco movie . you will not be thinking  oh  i  ve been there   you will be thinking  how did a two story firetrap  stinky armpit turn into a quiet hotel lobby   some of the leads used east coast speech styles and affectations . it detracts  but the acting was always competent .  br    br   the stories seemed to be shot in three distinct styles  at least in the beginning . the chinatown story was the most effective and interesting . the plot is weak  ripped scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies . the originals had a lot more tension and emotional resonance  they were framed and paced better . but the acting is fun and we get to see james hong and other luminaries .  br    br   the white boy intro was pointless . i think the filmmakers didn  t know what to do with it  so they left it loosely structured and cut it down . the father is an odd attempt at a berkeley liberal  really  folks  everyone knows it  s not  groovy  to live in the ghetto  but his segments are the most humorous . they threw away some good opportunities . educated and embittered on the west coast  a yuppie jerk here is a different kind of yuppie jerk than they make in new york . they are equally intolerable but always distinguishable . that would have been interesting this was not .  br    br   the hunter  s point intro was the most disappointing . it was the most derivative of the three  and stylistically the most distant from san francisco . you  ve seen it done before and you  ve seen it done better . even the video game was better   br    br   despite the generic non  locality and aimless script  these characters have potential  the actors have talent  and something interesting starts to force its way around the clumsy direction . . . about ten minutes before the ending . good concept placed in the wrong hands .  br    br   ps  there is a missing minority here  see if you can guess which one .  
if he wanted to be accurate  he should have chosen some frisco natives and not a bunch of ny actors who know nothing about the sucka free  not sucker free  . i  ve lived in sf my entire life  and folks here do not talk or act the way these actors did . everything was over  dramatized  and the only cat i saw from the bay was jt the bigga figga with his little cameo as a rapper . no shock that he was the only one in the film who really dressed like cats out here  ie his warriors jersey  . not once did i notice anyone wearing any giants or  ers gear instead he fitted them in some cheesy made  up sf or oakland jerseys that aren  t even sold around here . hp has no bowling alleys  black and asian gangbangers do not wear head or wristbands with the colors of africa or china  s olympic team  nor does every chinese gangster wear a yao ming jersey and try and sound black while shooting hoops . further  while there now is a significant yuppie community that has invaded the mission  all that was shown was some white dude and a self  proclaimed      west coast boriqua .  this is not new york  puerto ricans here are few and far between  and the latinos in the mission are very  very different from the one that was shown here  who was without a doubt from ny . also  hp is not the only black neighborhood in the city . an accurate depiction would have shown the drama between hp sets in their own hood as well as vs . fillmore  sunnydale  lakeview  etc .  br    br   this film could  ve been much better if lee had done some more homework and had a better storyline to work with .  
this tv movie goes to show that bad films do exist . the only reason i saw this was it was covered on a ktma mst  k . it  s super bowl at the superdome in new orleans . however  no football is played whatsoever and we see the behind the scenes look at basically nothing . with the many stars in this film  it made no difference . i really don  t know why i watched this .  
superdome is one of those movies that makes you wonder why it was made . the whole plot concerns someone trying to sabotage the superbowl  and all the attempts made to stop them . how tom selleck and donna mills  careers managed to survive this is beyond me . however  the most frustrating thing about it was there was no football in it at all  avoid this one if possible .  
it  s      and yes obviously there are too many black players on the teams as well  fans will be upset and certainly the       seats will be full  only less happy there are so many black players on the field  this made for tv super bowl movie is watchable . it  s not much more  but it  s really surprising the cast of talented actors that make an appearance  for the time   probably most notably tom selleck . unfortunately any goodness selleck brings to the screen  is quickly trumped by  actors  like dick butkus .  br    br   it  s a silly story about super bowl betting . pj jackson is charged by  new york   read mafia  for ensuring the game ends for their favor  in this case a            bet . pj is innocent enough  and seems to have a loose grasp by buying off a few people here and there . but things seem to fall apart for him . another person  the unsuspected lainie  takes charge . for a while  the mystery of murders isn  t known for certain  but is revealed rather plainly at the final murder that lainie is the new antagonist .  br    br   it  s a bad movie  but is watchable . the acting is decent  and the filming is ok . at least there weren  t any silly typical   s car chases  they have their place just not here  . just keep an open mind about past stereotyping and the cocaine era and you  ll survive .  br    br        maybe a  .    
the movie itself is not too bad many comments have pointed out the obvious flaws of the script  but it is watchable . what really gives me the creeps though is that people like justin timberlake even get cast for movies  and on top of that for movies like this one . i have to admit i had never heard the man  s name before watching this  but the very instant he appeared i was just plain annoyed . the voice is crap  the face is a bad rip  off of legolas  the posture is horrible  and he cannot even properly coordinate all three of them . said to say  i was delighted when he got jumped after leaving the disco  because i was hoping from then on it would be morgan freeman and kevin spacey only . too bad i was wrong . these two and also ll cool j give a very decent performance  and they are the main reason i give this a  .  br    br   i see many upcoming movies with the little timberlake cast . . . and cannot believe it .  
the championship game is only a couple of days away  but things in new orleans aren  t as they should be . from players with marital problems to drug overdoses to gambling problems to a killer on the loose  life is getting in the way of what should be a memorable  wonderful time . can things be put back into order and a killer stopped before the big game is ruined   br    br   despite what you might think when you first read about superdome  this is not a football movie . in fact football is nothing more than a plot device and an after thought . instead  superdome is another of those lousy soap opera  ish   s made  for  tv movies populated with hollywood has beens and those that never will be . the cast sleepwalks its way through the thing with no one really looking good . the best  or worst  example is van johnson in a very small role looking generally lost as to why he  s there . the plot is dull  uninteresting  and unbelievable . donna mills as a hit  man   yeah  right  it  s about as believable as the affair she has with the liquor soaked david jansen . the movie also lacks any pace . trying to get all four or five story lines into the film zaps whatever flow superdome might have had . with no drama or suspense in sight  superdome ends up being a very poor example of a   s made  for  tv movie . the lone highlight for me was the voice  over work from the late charlie jones  a sportscaster i miss listening to . the eloquent way he overstates the intrigue and over  hypes the atmosphere in new orleans is pure cheese at its finest .  br    br   like most others who have seen superdome  i also did so courtesy of mystery science theater     . it may be one of the ktma public access episodes  but it  s one of the best examples of the shows early start . so even though i  ve only rated superdome a      i  ll give this episode a generous    on my mst  k rating scale .  
comparison with american graffiti is inevitable so save your money and time by renting that timeless classic . speaking of timeliness  there was an episode of cheers where norm and cliff competed on who can find the most anachronism in a movie . they would have loved this movie everything from some of the songs and some of the clothing were wrong . there were sly reference such as  they paved paradise to put up a parking lot  . the filmmakers hoped to elicit some smiles from us but basically made me groan .  br    br   the characters in this movie are incredibly politically and socially astute for teenagers . almost as smart as the people who were in their thirties and forties when they wrote the darn movie . very little of what the characters said were believable . combine the bad writing and bad acting this movie just totally fail . although  there were two exceptions kelli williams liven things up as the future flower child and  despite what another reviewer said  rick shroeder was quite good . showing that brooding characteristic that would come to full boil in his eventual appearance in  n . y . p . d . blues  .  
when i spotted that noah wyle and ricky schroder were in the same movie  i was like  score  i admit  i was eager to see the movie . and i have to say  the first fifteen minutes or so were nostalgic in a way . then it went all down hill . i didn  t expect it to be a dump of politically correct civil rights mumbo jumbo . they took every possible controversial topic and threw it into one stupid story . i was appalled that noah was involved in anything of the sort  especially his role . nobody with a fully functional brain would actually accept all that crap about the vietnam war . if anyone really wants to know how communism was like  sit down and read a book on it . and not one that praises it or is against it  just the cold hard facts .  br    br   i only watched a few scenes here and there only because i wanted to see ricky  s body  but that was all that interested me . everything else about this movie irritated me .  
no wonder most of the cast wished they never made this movie . it  s just plain ridiculous and embarrassing to watch . bad actors reading cheesy lines while shiny classic showroom cars continuously circle a diner that looks more like a disneyland attraction . students fist  fight with the deranged principal as he tries to stop them from setting fire to a bronze civil war statue . the watts riots with a cast of . . . ugh . . .     dermot mulroney tries not to gag while he makes out with a mary hartman look  alike with the most annoying smile since  mr . sardonicus  . noah wyle reads bob dylan lyrics to the wicked teacher with a swinging pointer and very bad face lift . drunken virgin rick schroder sits in a kiddie rocket on his last night before entering the service . silly  giggling school girls dress up in leopard stretch pants and walk on the set of  shindig   sing horribly off key  and actually make it big in the music business . and who wrote this compelling dialog    i  m going to burkley and wear flowers in my hair  . . . .  i think i found someone to buy stick  s woody   . . . .  these people are  animals     these people are my  family   as the shirelles sing  mama said  . oh brother  what a mess . this is like a  reefer madness  of the    s except it  s not even funny .  
i saw this back in    when it was finally released . apparently because orion pictures was in bankruptcy  i think  the movie had not been released a couple of years earlier .  br    br   i have problem remembering details partly because i haven  t seen it in a long time  but i do remember it as a very dull movie . i kept debating whether to walk out of it . the store was not at all interesting or engaging . was a  rd rate america graffiti imitation .  br    br   none of the performances make it worth watching either . one of the biggest disappointments since a local newspaper reviewer gave it a high rating .  
couldn  t go to sleep the other night . so i got up  flipped on the tube  this movie was on .  br    br   film makers bit off more than they could chew . just as ambitious in scope as  forrest gump  was . but gump read like an fairy  tale where an extraordinarily lucky man guides us through the era . tgmb just relies on tired clichs to tell the story . almost like a broadway musical where actors have to ham it up . every character  s purpose was to fill a silly    s archetype .  br    br   take how we  re introduced to finnegan hugging his black maid  receiving a framed picture of mlk . criminey  talk about heavy  handed . why not just give him a t  shirt saying  i heart black people    br    br   sunshine  isn  t free love groovay  man  oh no  i didn  t have my period .   br    br   mary beth  i want to go to berkeley  not square ucla .  uh  excuse me  there was nothing square about la in the   s . rather than take the time to demonstrate what made berkeley unique  we just hear this brat whine about not going there .  br    br   can  t even remember the black kid  s name . he was just a prop used to show how racially tolerant the other kids are .  br    br   thing is  period pieces don  t have to be this cheesy . take  dazed  confused .  look how we  re introduced to the football hero  randall floyd . we don  t first see him on the football field . in fact  we never see him play football . we  re introduced to him in class  inviting his nerdish poker buddies to a party .  br    br   in  dazed  feminism isn  t a casual by  product of some chick getting knocked up . it  s much more organic  more serious than that . it  s refined in the ladies  room over a flip discussion about gilligan  s island . serious ideas can grow in the most mundane settings . but real life is like that .  br    br   some of the warm comments here note that the themes in this movie are still relevant . i agree  which is why i feel so disappointed by this piece of baby  boomer pornostalgia .  
major league back to the minors         br    br   starring scott bakula  eric bruskotter  corbin bernsen  dennis haysbert  jensen daggett  written and directed by john warren    minutes rated pg     for language and some violence   br    br   by blake french  br    br   believe it or not  in the new john warren comedy  major league back to the minors  there is one funny scene . it consists of a sequence where an infuriated coach throws a baseball hard into the wall behind him only to have it hit the cement and bounce back and smash him in the face . it  s not much  but with the exception of a few one  liners  it  s all this film has to offer . . . enough said .  br    br   this movie is not only structurally impaired  characteristically undeveloped  predictable and badly written  but also just plain bad . even non  critical audience members will hate this movie with all that they got . it is so familiar it just isn  t funny .  br    br   how many times does the same movie about sports have to be made  last years we saw this same material in  air bud golden receiver   and as bad as that film was  this is even worse . at least  air bud  was family oriented .  major league back to the minors  is too vulgar for a wholesome family to view together on a sunday afternoon . it is too childish for adults . so who is this film for  teenagers  elderly  people who are so desperate for entertainment they would rent something like this   br    br   the film  like many others like this  has one basic point it tries to make teamwork conquers all . yes it does  and what a great moral to try to prove . too bad we have already seen and excepted it so many times over and over have such little talent and intelligence that their cheerleaders are men in a ballerina costumes . where the silly announcers form their own  buddy comedy routine  muttering one liners to themselves like  they suck    this kids fast ball is timed with an hour glass    this guy dropped out of ball for a while to find something he lost   maybe it was his mind    somebody needs a nap   and  ever see a sunset as beautiful as that play .  where the characters have such little significance to each other that we never know them by name . and where the only heartfelt lecture scene about teamwork is so unknowledgeable that it is almost funny .  br    br     major league back to the minors  is so bad it stalls its trite ending right in the middle of a good closing sequence . the good baseball team is on a comeback  they are about to win and   the power goes out . i was thinking for a minute that this piece of trash had come to a conclusion  but in reality  its false final scene exists only to add minutes to the running time . the movie basically consists of a series of unrelated sketches that throw in so many putrid jokes it is are not funny . there is another kind  of  funny line of dialogue that has a coach and a player talking to each other about why a long time outfielder is not wanted in that position any longer . the coach  s answer  you  re too old  too slow  and too fat .  the player  s reaction is to die for . but that scene certainly does not make this movie noteworthy of you time  and certainly is not worth a cent of your money .  br    br   so here is another dreadful entre into this genre of film  another that is doomed with its own script  which is failed before seen  and another which is so familiar it seems like deja vu all over again .  br    br    
this is by far one of the worst movies i have ever seen  the poor special effects along with the poor acting are just a few of the things wrong with this film . i am fan of the first two major leagues but this one is lame   
how did i ever appreciate this dud of a sequel  all it does is throw balls  worst of all  it doesn  t compare to even the first installment of the series  the comedy suffers from not being funny . where did all the unintentional laughter go  enough slapstick on  the  field action goes on too long . bob uecker literally saved this one from a complete nine  inning shutout . what  s next  major league   return to the little league  ehh  could be  leave this one on the shelf and plan a trip to the all  star game . this one  s had three strikes too many .  
this movie is a disgrace to the major league franchise . i live in minnesota and even i can  t believe they dumped cleveland .  yes i realize at the time the real indians were pretty good  and the twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the american league  but still be consistent .  anyway i loved the first major league  liked the second  and always looked forward to the third  when the indians would finally go all the way to the series . you can  t tell me this wasn  t the plan after the second film was completed . what happened  anyways if your a true fan of the original major league do yourself a favor and don  t watch this junk .  
oh dear god . this was horrible . there is bad  then there was this . this movie makes no sense at all . it runs all over the map and isn  t clear about what its saying at all . the music seemed like it was trying to be like batman . the fact that  edison  isn  t a real city  takes away . since i live in vancouver  watching this movie and recognizing all these places made it unbearable . why didn  t they make it a real city  the only writing that was decent was  tilman  in which john heard did a fantastic job . he was the only actor who played his role realistically and not over the top and campy . it was actually a shame to see john heard play such a great bad guy with a lot of screen time  and the movie be a washout . too bad . hopefully someone important will see it  and at least give john heard credit where credit is due  and hire him as lead bad guy again  which is where he should be . on the a list .  
this movie is a disgrace to the major league franchise . i live in minnesota and even i can  t believe they dumped cleveland .  yes i realize at the time the real indians were pretty good  and the twins had taken over their spot at the bottom of the american league  but still be consistent .  anyway i loved the first major league  liked the second  and always looked forward to the third  when the indians would finally go all the way to the series . you can  t tell me this wasn  t the plan after the second film was completed . what happened  anyways if your a true fan of the original major league do yourself a favor and don  t watch this junk .  
this movie is so bad it  s funny . it stars scott backula as some coach  but that  s not important  what is important is the large black fellow who plays  st base . first off he has to be at least   years old  yet still plays minor league baseball  second he starts out the movie in the outfield despite not being able to walk  let alone run . coach backula brilliantly moves him to first citing the fact that when he attempts to run he stays in the same place for too long a period of time . backula shows more brilliant coaching strategy in the end of the film   spoiler   he tells his star player  downtown  to hit a home run  clearly  downtown  viewed this as a good move . he hit the home run and won the game for his team  a minor league squad playing the twins who were the class of the majors in the movie . now if only tony muser  manager of the royals  would be as smart a coach as backula and tell his players to simply hit a home run in every at bat  the royals would never end an inning let alone lose a game .  
okay  just by reading the title you would think that it would be a good movie . well  at least i did . it started out good but became so boring after the first half hour . spoiler  br    br   it tells a story about a mother that is so desperate for her daughter to become a cheerleader that she will go to any lengths to get what she wants . the only problem is that her daughter  s friend is the girl in the way . she always wins the competitions  therefore pushing the mother further towards  eliminating  her . after talking to a  hitman   the mother decides that the girl needs to be roughed up a bit . so actions are taken but she eventually gets caught .  br    br   the cast is awful and the movie drags on too long with nothing happening . don  t waste your time watching this .  br    br    
this is one very dire production . the general consensus has always been that while princess margaret may have been spoilt and pampered and may have revelled in the excess of luxury at her disposal  she was a very beautiful young woman . here was the production  s weakest point  the actress failed to get that across . it also appeared that the production budget couldn  t stretch to a hairdresser  from the outset  the hair on the princess margaret character had a permanent birds nest in disarray look and looked as if she had been dragged through a bush . the actor playing the duke of edinburgh appeared to have prepared for his role by watching rory bremner imitate prince charles and was farcical .  br    br   the production was a flaw ridden  clich ridden  embarrassing load of rubbish . i think all daily mail readers deserve a free dvd copy for christmas   
for months i  ve been hearing about this little movie and now i  ve seen it . i find it cute  cute how so many fledgling directors make movies where they combine other people  s creative ideas in order to make their own one  joke premise of a movie . troops  swingblade  any of the million blair witch parodies come to mind . if all that these directors want is a foot inside hollywood  s door then they  re doing the right thing and they should keep it up because combining plot outlines is how hollywood makes films . how many times have you heard the phrase   it  s animal house meets back to the future    it  s wall street meets dead poet  s society   or  shakespeare in love meets star wars   i remember when independent films meant original and daring not safe and predictable .  
way back in      a certain director had no idea about a galaxy  far away or near . he was trying to complete a movie with the title thx etc . this short is a remanufactured history of a certain george . i am sorry it has only cuteness to defend it . this is merely an advertising promo for the director  actors  et . al . it has little intrinsic artistic value . it is a brochure . the lead playing george  is very fine  as is the leia character  and the ersatz darth character . all else is plain commercial dross . what a waste . still  it got the job done i guess . the rest of the movie is merely treading water to kill time i guess . a brochure only .  
where  s michael caine when you need him  i  ve seen most of the many seasons of mst  k  but this rare pre   st season flick  episdoe k     is easily one of the worst movies ever made . three  stars   lee majors  chris makepeace and burgess meredith  struggle through the worst batch of cinematography ever  delivering lines which must have been written by a secret dick cheney  style workgroup composed of exxon and gm lawyers trying to cut funding for mass transit and energy efficiency research . looks like it was filmed in almost total darkness  possibly on super  . makes logan  s run look like the cinematic sistine chapel crossed with shakespeare . i can  t imagine watching it without the commentary of crow and servo since it  s unwatchable even with it . clearly what  s needed in hollywood is some sort of    k which prevents the need for actors to take on bad movies like this in order to pay for their health care . with its  rights to pollute and drive  theme  by the end  i  m half expecting to see a charlton heston cameo where he delivers his  cold dead hands  speech . lee  i could have forgiven you for this in      but       
stupid  mindless drivel about a jet assembled within hours by mechanics who have never worked on airplanes  piloted by burgess meredith  chasing a porsche race car which runs on decades  old gasoline sludge  driven by lee majors  with chris makepeace as the runaway techno  wiz who can mcgyver spare parts into a radio receiver which can pick up all frequencies simultaneously  and who somehow learned how to acquire and use chemicals to make high explosives in a perfectly peaceful society . as moronic as it sounds . terrible waste of burgess meredith  but chris makepeace may at least be forgiven on the grounds that this was only his second film .  
this juvenile  bland flick is strictly for teenagers in old mens  bodies  desperate to relive their hormonally challenged teenage years . how  by burning up gas and equating a fast  reckless car  or plane  with freedom .  br    br   the plot borrows heavily from mister rogers  neighborhood  if it were run my an oil conglomerate  and logan  s run  if it were heavily sedated and lacked a clear sense of style  .  br    br   starring lee majors and burgess meredith this film is set in a post  gas  crisis world in which an all  powerful government doesn  t want you to  ahem  drive your car and burn gas . sort of the opposite of today  s enron  and  bush  oil  grabbing  suv  pushing government .  br    br   this juxtaposition alone makes the film laughable . but wait . . . there  s more . although the film is set in the future  we  re not shown any signs of future technology  beyond a return to bicycles  golf carts and horses . you will believe that the future looks . . . exactly like today . same clothing  same suburban houses  same green lawns as today and when the film was made . there are no solar panels  no windmills  no concessions to alternate energy .  br    br   the acting is flat and flavorless . even scenes which could have been gritty or moving  buddy  flick  honor  romance  horror . . . all fall flatter than a paper doll under a briefcase .  br    br   continuity is lacking   the jet flown by burgess meredith  s character changes colors and configuration from moment to moment as the filmmakers insult our intelligence with unmatched stock footage again and again .  br    br   the plot is as moronic and only half as exciting as a dukes of hazzard episode .  br    br   even die  hard car  film and sf fans should avoid this film like month  old roadkill  unless you enjoy heckling exxon executives trying to make a movie as empty as the hero  s gas tank .  
i saw this movie years ago  and i was impressed . . . but then again i was only   years old . i recently re  watched it and want that time back . this film is pretty bad . while i like lee majors  chris makepeace  watch my bodyguard       if you would like to see a good movie that he was in . . . of meatballs  also starring bill murray  for some laughs   and burgess meredith  this role does  did nothing for their careers .  br    br   anyway  lee majors character  franklyn hart  is an ex  race car driver who plans on driving his race car  which he had in storage  across the country to california . one problem the government has outlawed all private transportation . i thought the concept was ok  not the worse i  ve heard of   but the execution failed horribly .  
there is an excellent reason edison went straight to video it would have landed in theaters with a crumbling thud . the movie lasted entirely too long and was perilously boring . just a notch above lowbrow  thanks to freeman and spacey  who obviously had a spare two weeks before their next films   the bad guys are as laughable and action as near non  existent as justin timberlake  s acting . i hate to knock the guy  but the sooner he realizes that pop is his forte  the better .  br    br   the movie isn  t all bad . . . just mostly . i like the fact that ll cool j was given what appears to be a shot at being leading man . he deserves it . and  unlike his fellow musician and co  star  he can act . kevin spacey is almost always enjoyable as well  you can see him gulp several times as he chews the scenery   and freeman has the ability to elevate this flick to three stars  out of ten . . . he  s not that good  .  br    br   when all is said and done  the ultimate error with this movie is that it is a mundane and tiresome piece of pseudo  action poppycock that fails to keep anyone awake . it also fails to make anyone give a good crap about any of the characters . all in all  t  s just plain boring . that being said  rent this when you are suffering from insomnia .  
after watching this on the mst  k episode  i have to wonder how many movies this film borrows from . it seems to combine elements of logans run  farenheight     final sacrifice and at least several others . at one point i was really expecting cris makepease to call lee majors rowsdower .  br    br   i wonder if the director has any clue how many holes there are in the plot . like the fact that  even though gas is unavailable  there is plenty of it in abandoned gas stations  and the stations are located close enough together to keep an f  race car going all the way across the country .  
dull  flatly  directed  comedy  has zero laughs and wastes a great cast . alan alda wore too many hats on this one and it shows . newcomer anthony lapaglia provides the only spark of life in this tedium but it  s not enough .  br    br   one of those scripts that  if you were a neophyte and submitted it to an agent or producer  would be ripped to shreds and rejected without discussion .  
one of the lamer wedding movies you  ll see . smacks too too much of its time period so it was out of date before it hit the theaters . the ethnic stereotypes are like a henny youngman joke  except they just aint in the least bit funny here . molly ringwald  well what else needs to be said . give you a clue to the silliness  she destroys a        wedding dress  because  it just won  t be me  makes it into this rag  with straps and puts on a top hat  and everyone smiles cutely at her moxy  rather than ringwalding her neck . its a helluva a cast too  check out how heavy ally sheedy is . wheeeew   
with this film  bunuel manipulates the viewer with all of film  s might while stating clearly in the film that his work is one of  objectivity  . obviously  it is not . for one reason  many scenes  shot by pure chance  are obvious set  ups  when that poor goat  accidently  falls off the cliff  you can actually see the gun smoke on the right of the screen   . for another  his concealing of one important information the hurdes people were the way they were for a specific reason which is just hinted at in the film . that is  goitre  a sickness caused by lack of iodine  salt  . this goitre is the cause of their cretinism and had bunuel only took the time to make his research  heck  if he checked  cretinism  in a medical dictionary he  d have found  goitre   he might have ended up telling the truth about these people  still  doubtfully  . instead  with his film  he judges them constantly  talking about them as  cretins   again and again  dramatizing the action  setting  up scenes to create the spectacle  all of this very unacceptable for a documentarist which claims to work for an all  mighty objectivity . bunuel talks all the time in this film  not letting one word to the people he is filming . he talks for them and  even then  judges them . this piece is flawed to it  s roots  to it  s ideology and it  s a real shame it  s considered a great film .  
this   minute documentary buuel made in the early      s about one of spain  s poorest regions is  in my opinion  one of his weakest films . first  let  s admit that   years later  spain is much richer than it was then  and when i say this  i fully admit that wealth can bring problems of its own  like excessive individualism and consumerism  though all in all wealth it  s a far better condition than the extreme poverty portrayed here  . and if poverty receded in spain it was not exactly with the sort of socialism that buuel favored  but with western european style capitalism . but one of the most shocking things about the movie is this in one scene  the narrator chides that in school  children are taught the value of pi . teaching math to poor people  the horror  . buuel shortsightedness is at its most glaring here  not realizing that it is access to the latest knowledge and technology what will help the poor overcome their situation . what is he proposing  that children are taught exactly what at school  doesn  t buuel understand that it is the lack of modern technology that has made them poor in comparison with other people   
the writer  director of this film obviously doesn  t know anything about film . i think the dp on this project was tied up and replaced with a monkey  because every seen was either too dark or had the hotter hot spots than the sun .  br    br   the story was awful  the characters were very one dimensional . for someone to have said that this film was made for poker fans and not film fans  that someone is kidding their self  it was probably the writer  director  . no poker fan in this world likes this movie . even your money man hates this project . to go into a casino and play a few hands doesn  t give you the experience to write about poker . keep your day job . and if it  s playing poker  then you must be hurt  n .  
as a poker enthusiast i was looking forward to seeing this movie  especially as it had scotty nyugen in it .  br    br   basically  scotty nyugens short spots in this film are all it has going for it .  br    br   the characters are unlikeable and annoying  the soundtrack is awful and the plot  well  there isn  t one .  br    br   i honestly got a headache and found myself reading the barcode number on the dvd box after twenty minutes i was that bored . its actually ashame that nyugen was in this movie as otherwise i wouldn  t have wasted    buying it off ebay .  br    br   take it from me  avoid like   offsuit    dire .    
totally ridiculous . if you know anything about poker  you will find it absolutely appalling but also entertaining because it is so clueless . the nerd who made this movie is obviously very religious and knows slightly about the game of poker  but i doubt he  s ever played above    .  i think he also knows nothing of golf .  where to start . i  ve seen better productions in the intro to film class i took freshmen year of film school . the actors to watch in this movie are queen momma  scotty nguyen  and the loser who can never win at poker . everyone else is as wooden as they come  like bad porn actors .  br    br   spoiler the man the movie starts with in the opening sequence is the only reason the film got made . he is a railbird who doesn  t play poker and never has a line of dialogue  but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie . i can  t think of a more useless waste of money than this man shelling out for this pointless production . it  s fitting that he had such a useless role .  br    br   there  s very little poker in this movie . most of the time is spent on useless side characters whose plots aren  t resolved in the slightest . queen momma does have a show  stealing scene where she throws her loser boyfriend through a window and tries to shoot his brains out . also the nameless arabs in the convenience store also give brilliant performances when they debate whether to beat up or kill an older lady who robs them . their subtle performances are easily among the film  s highlights . it makes you wonder why they bothered getting all these white people to play the leads .  br    br   in conclusion  complete nonsense . plan  from outer space has slightly more coherency . if you play poker though you might want to have a laugh . also if you  re christian you might enjoy some of the heavy  handed religious conversation that pepper the movie like pointless pepper . i hate movies made by religious people . especially ones who think they know something about things they know nothing about . it  s sad that jennifer harman and scotty nguyen got involved in this travesty as i can  t help but think less of them . they must be envious of johnny chan for getting in rounders .  
when i first saw this film it was not an impressive one . now that i have seen it again with some friends on dvd  they had not viewed it on the silver screen   my opinion remains the same . the subject matter is puerile and the performances are weak .  
people  please don  t bother to watch this movie  this movie is bad  it  s totally waste of time . i don  t see any point here . it  s a stupid film with lousy plot and the acting is poor . i rather get myself beaten than watch this movie ever again .  
honestly before i watched this movie  i had heard many people said this movie was a disgrace . i did not believe that since morgan freeman and kevin spacey have taken roles in this movie  and watched it by my own . apparently they were right . i was really disappointed and wondering all the time during the movie  why the hell did i watch this movie .  br    br   of course i was not expecting much from justin as he really does not belong in the movie  theater business . but morgan and kevin  i could not stop asking myself why the heck they agreed to take part in edison . to be honest  their roles are rather stupid .  br    br   well you might think if the players suck  then i should pay more attention to the story . it is indeed story is the core of a movie  but guys . . . trust me . . . this is not a movie you want to give a credit for its story . imagine this  a smart  ass journalist  justin timberlake  wrote a story against the system and at the same time learning how to become a  real  journalist from his boss  morgan freeman  . this all was supported by one agent who still has heart for justice  ll cool j  and an brilliant investigator  kevin spacey  . at the end  they beat the system with a happy ending story .  br    br   jeez  i could not even carry on with this . just recalling the movie is making me sick already . my advise guys  don  t watch this  please save your money and time for another movie .  
amateur  no budget films can be surprisingly good . . . this however is not one of them .  br    br   ah  another brad sykes atrocity . the acting is hideous  except for emmy smith who shows some promise . the camera  direction  needs serious reworking . and no more  hold the camera and run  gimmicks either it just doesn  t work . the special effects are unimaginative  there  s a problem when the effect can be identified in real time . if you  re going to rip off an ear  please don  t let us see the actor  s real ear beneath the blood . the scenery is bland and boring  same as mr . sykes other ventures   and the music is a cross between cheap motel porn and really bad guitar driven metal  see the scenery comment  .  br    br   did i mention the lack of any real plot  or character development  apparently  the scriptwriter didn  t .  br    br   whoever is funding this guy . . . please stop . i  ve seen some of his other  home movies   which i will not plug  and they are just as bad . normally  a  director  will grow and learn from his previous efforts . . . not this guy . it  s one thing to be an amateur filmmaker  but anyone can be a hack .  br    br   definitely not even a popcorn film . . . of course  chewing on popcorn kernels would be less painful than this effort .  br    br   award the worst ever military push  ups in a film .  
an updated version of a theme which has been done before . while that in and of itself is not bad  this movie doesn  t reach the ring like the other  inherent and pure  evil ones do .  br    br   predictable  ambitious attempt that falls short of the mark . not worth sitting through for the tired contrived ending .  
this is a typical  perfect crime  thriller . a perfect crime is executed and the investigating police officer  ignoring all the clues  immediately knows who guilty is . the audience has to wait around the whole movie for the guilty to be caught . the result is like every single episode of  columbo  or  murder she wrote  . the director himself refers to the hackney story by showing the police officer watching an episode of matlock  this story barely fills up   minutes but the director insists on using all    minutes filling with every cliche in the book . skip this one  you are not missing anything .  
murder by numbers is one of those movies that you expect is made  for  tv but isn  t . considering the only actor of any note is bullock  although michael pitt seems to be moving onto bigger and better things   it isn  t a great surprise that this movie quickly fades away from memory to be replaced by more important things . like . . . remembering to lock your front door when you go out . or putting clothes back on when you come out of the shower .  br    br   bullock plays cassie mayweather  a cop with personal issues  don  t they all  . together with her new partner  a wet  looking ben chaplin   she is called to investigate the murder of a young woman . nothing unusual there except that the perps are a couple of teenage students who think they  ve planned and executed the perfect murder . as the investigation continues  a battle of wills emerges between cassie and the main suspect richie haywood  ryan gosling  .  br    br   the crippling issue here is that the two leads are hopeless . bullock  though she is very nice to look at  is about as believable in the role of a hardened cynical cop as rodney dangerfield  actually  he  d be better   . chaplin  for his sins  is a complete non  entity and i feel sorry that he has to put this film on his cv in his attempt to break into hollywood . at least gosling and pitt  as the conniving sneering suspects  acquit themselves adequately . as if dodgy leads weren  t bad enough  a story that would send anybody to sleep and a highly predictable  but illogical  ending shoot this film in the head before it has a chance to run .  br    br    murder by numbers  has absolutely nothing going for it  even a pointless nude scene by bullock wouldn  t redeem it . well  just a little but still not enough to save it . forgettable  predictable and redundant  this is one film that isn  t going to move the cop genre forward . as cassie probably says on her next case  there  s nothing to see here people . move along  keep moving . . .  
well  the writing was very sloppy  the directing was sloppier  and the editing made it worse  at least i hope it was the editing  . the acting wasn  t bad  but it wasn  t that good either . pretty much none of the characters were likable . at least   minutes of that movie was wasted time and the other hour or so was not used anywhere near its full potential . it was a great idea  but yet another wasted good idea goes by . it could have ended  different places but it just kept going on to a mostly predictable hollywood ending . and what wasn  t predictable was done so badly that it didn  t matter . the ending was not worth watching at all . sandra bullock was out of her element and should stay away from these types of movies . the movie looked rushed also . the movie just wasn  t really worth seeing  and had i paid for it i would have been very mad . maybe i was more disappointed because i expected a really good movie and got a bad one . the movie over all was not horrifibly bad  but i wouldn  t reccomend it . i gave it  out of   b  c i liked the idea so much and i did like one character  justin i believe  the super smart one  . and it also had some very cheap ways to cover plot holes . it was like trying to cover a volcano with cheap masking tape  it was not pretty . anyway  if you see it  wait for the   .   theater or video  unless you like pretty much every movie you see  then i guess you  ll like this one .  
at first the movie seemed to be doing great  they had the characters profiles set . . . the plot seemed to be going in the right direction . . . however  as the movie progressed it seemed the director focused on the wrong kind of things . . . or just a lot was edited from the movie . the characters  identities changed for the worse within the movie . also  there seemed to be a lot of implicit meaning   in other words   they had things within the movie that didn  t seem to fit the movie itself . and the title . . . no where in the movie does the title fit the movie . . . i suppose the title works for the previews . . . . actors did well with what they had . . . . . if they had a better director and writer  maybe this would have worked out better . but it didn  t . so now there  s a new terrible movie coming out this friday . . . . my opinion  . . . . don  t waste your time or money .  
so  i  m wondering while watching this film  did the producers of this movie get to save money on sandra bullock  s wardrobe by dragging out her  before  clothes from miss congeniality  did ms . bullock also get to sleepwalk through the role by channeling the  before  gracie hart  as many reviewers have noted before  the film is very formulaic . add to that the deja vu viewer experiences with the character of cassie maywether as a somewhat darker gracie hart with more back story and it rapidly become a snooze fest .  br    br   the two bad boy serial killers have been done before  and better  in other films . as has the  good guy partner trying to protect his partner despite the evidence  character been seen before . in fact none of the characters in the film ever get beyond two dimensions or try to be anything but trite stereotypes .  br    br   one last peeve  using the term serial killer is false advertising . murdering one person  even if it  s a premeditated murder  does not make you a serial killer . you may have the potential to become a serial killer but you are not a serial killer or even a spree killer .  
from director barbet schroder  reversal of fortune   i think i saw a bit of this in my media studies class  and i recognised the leading actress  so i tried it  despite the rating by the critics . basically cool kid richard haywood  half nelson  s ryan gosling  and justin pendleton  bully  s michael pitt  team up to murder a random girl to challenge themselves and see if they can get away with it without the police finding them . investigating the murder is homicide detective cassie  the hyena  mayweather  sandra bullock  with new partner sam kennedy  ben chaplin   who are pretty baffled by the evidence found on the scene  e . g . non  relating hairs . the plan doesn  t seem to be completely going well because cassie and sam do quite quickly have richard or justin as suspects  it is just a question of if they can sway them away . also starring agnes bruckner as lisa mills  chris penn as ray feathers  r . d . call as captain rod cody and tom verica as asst . d . a . al swanson . i can see now the same concept as sir alfred hitchcock  s rope with the murdering for a challenge thing  but this film does it in a very silly way  and not even a reasonably good bullock can save it from being dull and predictable . adequate   
alfred hitchcock invented any kind of thriller you could think ofhe set the standards so high that any director who makes a suspense movie will be fatally compared to him .  br    br   the main subject of this bullock vehicle  all the ideas  almost everything was already in hitchcock  s classic  rope  the two students who commit a gratuitous crime  nietsche  s philosophy  and the clues that the boys disseminate  the master was the first to transfer them to the screen . and with an eighty  minute movie which was a technical riveting tour de force .  br    br    murder by numbers  does not take place in a single room  like  the rope   mind you . and  what a supreme originality  it pits two cops against the evil youngstersand  you would never guess it  these two cops are very differentactually  bullock plays the part of woman living like a man  and her partner  chaplin  is as shy as a clueless girlie . the two boys  performances are not really mind  boggling  not as good  as  say  that of edward norton in  primal fear  .  br    br   well  you know   rope  was so good . . . .  
there  s something frustrating about watching a movie like  murder by numers  because somewhere inside that hollywood formula is a good movie trying to pop out . however  by the time the credits roll  there  s no saving it . the whole thing is pretty much blown by the  cop side  of the story  where sandra bullock and ben chaplin  s homicide detective characters muddle through an awkward sexual affair that becomes more and more trivialized the longer the movie goes on . although bullock is strong in her role  it  s not enough to save the lackluster script and lazy pacing . ben chaplin  s talents are wasted in a forgettable role  he did much better earlier in the year in the underrated  birthday girl   as well as chris penn  who has a role so thanklessly small you feel sorry for a talent like him . anyway  the plot really isn  t even a factor in this movie at all . the two teen killers played by ryan gosling and michael pitt are the only real reasons to see this movie . their talent and chemistry work pretty good and they play off of each other quite well . it  s too bad they weren  t in a much better all  around film . barbet schroeder is treading way too safe ground here for such a seasoned filmmaker . bottom line it  s worth a rent if you  re a genre fan  but everyone else will live a fulfilled life without ever seeing it  except maybe on network tv with convenient commercial breaks .  
having been pleasantly surprised by sandra bullock  s performance in miss congeniality  i decided to give murder by numbers a shot . while decent in plucky  self  effacing roles  ms . bullock  s performance in  serious  roles  see hope floats  speed     days  leave much to be desired . her character is at the same time omniscient  confused  and sexually maladjusted  the sub  plot of sandra  s past comes across as needless filler that does little to develop her already shallow character  . the two teenage boys gave decent performances  although their forensics expertise and catch  me  if  can attitude is belied by stupid errors that scream  we did it   chris penn as the all  too  obvious suspect is wasted here  as is ben chaplin  s token partner  love interest character .  br    br   spoilers ahead mediocre acting aside  the biggest flaws can be traced to a tv  of  the  week plot that never has you totally buying into the murder motives in the first place  and as mentioned  the stupid errors  vomiting up a rare food on the murder scene  an all too convenient and framing of the school janitor  the two boys hanging out together in public  a convenient love interest to cause friction  etc . etc  cause the view to go from being intrigues to being bored and disappointed by the murderers . the ending was strictly  by the numbers  and was probably the most disappointing aspect of the movie . using the now  cliched tactic of almost showing the climactic scene at the beginning of the film  and then filling the audience in how we arrived at that moment  the final scenes surprise no one and lacked any of the so  called intelligence the film purported to arrive at it  s conclusion . a somewhat promising concept  but poorly executed and weak in nearly every way .  out of  .  
lets enter the world of this movie for a second  so you can better understand the type of movie we are dealing with here .  br    br   edison is one of those really stupid movies where the bad guy and his goons have been letting loose       bullets shooting at the good guy behind walls and pillars  shouting at them  and then finally get to the good guy face to face and instead of killing him . . . . . . instead of wasting this guy that has caused you so much grief . . . . instead of just walking up and pop  . . . . . what do you do  the bad guy . . . . . he talks to him . he grabs the good guy and talks to him while holding his gun . they have nothing to talk about  shoot him  shoot him now  but he talks to him anyway . oh another thing . at the end  a newspaper says  pulitzer prize winner story right here  or something right above on a front page of a paper  when its like the first time the story is printed . so how in the heezy did someone win a pulitzer for it that fast  yea  you know those types of stupid movies  yea well that  s edison in a nutshell .  br    br   you get mr cool morgan freeman and shifty eyed tough kevin spacey who both phone in their roles completely  ll cool j who scowls literally every single moment of the movie  while proposing to his girlfriend in a damn night club of all places  and who  s last line  duck  was something from like a lethal weapon movie that was never made . . . and justin timberlake whining and spewing nonsense every time he talks  little cocky bastard . the only bright spot was a crazy dylan mcdermott doing his best  denzel from training day  impression  which was pretty entertaining .  br    br   oh yea so whats the movie about  eh  something about scandals involving the city edison  s fictional special unit police force called  f . r . a . t .  i swear i  m not making this stuff up  which was supposed to be a obvious play off of s . w . a . t . anyway little journalistic super singer boy justin timberflake smells something foul afoot after a murder involving  undercover cops from frat  and he goes scurrying off looking for a story  gaining his boss   freeman  trust along the way while they both unravel something even bigger and sinister than what they both thought . blah blah blah . its like a bootleg pelican brief meets a halfassed training day . the pacing was slow and off  the script was horrible  and the acting was extremely uninspired . it jumped everywhere without going anywhere . people get put in comas and you forget about them . everyone in this movie just didn  t think . damn what a stupid movie . its becoming harder to write any sort of review for it because the movie left my brain the second it ended . . . no lie basically  do not waste your time   
hard to believe that director barbet schroeder once did the majestic and very funny maitresse        and now only seems to do  by the numbers  hollywood thrillers .  br    br   this is very lightweight john grisham material  crossed with the plot of a tv movie . bullock is cass mayweather  a feisty and independent crime investigator specialising in serial killers . ben chaplin is her reserved police partner sam kennedy  and together they make an uncomfortable duo . not good  when two unbalanced college maladriots  gosling and pitt  decide to send them on a wild goose chase  by planting very clever and misleading forensic evidence at a crime scene .  br    br   fair enough  but while bullock and chaplin fail to create any sparks  we also have to endure a several dull overly  melodramatic flashbacks illustrating an important event in cass  s history . then of course there are the frequent shots of a cliff  side log cabin where there  s absolutely no doubt the ott ending will be set . oooh . . . the atmosphere .  br    br   watch any episode of csi instead . it  s to the point and far more exciting .  
except for acknowledging some nice cinematography  i can hardly say anything positive about this movie . the single real issue is the protagonist  s dilemma whether to remain with his childhood friends in the world of misery or to leave them and take up his own life . abundant  emotionally powerful  scenes do not go with this plot and  because of bad acting  they also fail to create the intended atmosphere . the director only manages to introduce anthony  s dilemma and eventually brings an easy solution . the characters do not seem to evolve  although it is difficult to speak of any characters . . . perhaps except for sonny . beside him  actors do not get to play much and when some of them have to  they come off as self  indulging amateurs . i wonder what ruined the movie more the superficial script  throwing away all the potential of the plot  or the bad acting  disturbing any appeal that might be left .  
they must issue this plot outline to all wannabe filmmakers arriving at the hollywood bus station . they then fill in the blanks and set their story in whatever hick town or urban ghetto from which they just arrived . you know exactly what this movie is about from the opening shot  four young boys playing in grainy slow motion  accompanied by voice over narration . next stop after the bus station must be to buy stock footage of four young boys playing in grainy slow motion . once they  re grown  it  s easy to spot the writer  director among the four . he  s the quiet  contemplative  long  haired one who is never seen without his composition book tucked in his pants . this means that his superb writing talent will be his ticket from hickville to hollywood . only there  s no writing  or directing talent on display here . and if you still can  t figure out which one he is  here  s a hint the auteur and his character have the same middle name . it took over an hour to figure out that these twenty  something men were supposed to still be in high school . what looked like a prison was apparently a high school  the warden turned out to be the principal . once more  the poor  misunderstood rebel can pound everyone in the movie into the pavement  murder and pillage  but is powerless to stand up to his alcoholic father . how about hitting back  kid  like you do everyone else  numerous fist fight scenes for no apparent purpose . howlingly bad dialogue . many scenes badly out of focus . cartoon characters keep popping up as bit players and extras  drawing unintentional laughs from the premiere audience . overacting in the extreme . and if you don  t quite get the self  important speeches  or the slow  motion scenes  just listen to the overbearing music . it will clue you in and what you  re supposed to feel . poor marisa ryan must be racking up lots of frequent flier mileage as she travels around the country working in these amateur regional films . the biggest sin is that the audience is supposed to feel sympathy for kids who gun down old ladies  run over puppies chained to a tree  rob and steal  all the while complaining about their sad  sorry lives . but if only we could get out of this hick town and go to college . yeah  that  s the ticket . why is it that every twenty  something filmmaker believes that his life so far is so important  so interesting  that the world can  t wait to see it onscreen  if this movie is as autobiographical as it seems  then the auteur better be looking over his shoulder for policemen bearing fugitive warrants .  
a lot of people seemed to have liked the film  so i feel somewhat bad giving it a bad review . but after sitting through   minutes of it  i feel i have to do so . where the heck is the plot in this film   i must have missed it  i was waiting for the storyline to unfold and nothing happened . sure the ending was  somewhat shocking  but they didn  t build up to it . i forgot who was who half of the time  so they didn  t really develop the characters . the acting was so  so  most of the time it was believable  but i was able to see through it most of the time . so . . . without giving anything away  i must say that unless you like the actors in the film  there is no real reason to watch this movie . i could be mistaken  but i just didn  t understand why there was so little  or too much of the film . i can  t decide which one that would be  so i say judge for yourselves . i don  t even know if renting it would be a good idea  the cost and all . . .  br    br   plot     characters     acting     overall     i feel like that  s too high really  i am staying with my vote up at the top .  
dick foran and peggy moran  who were so good together in the mummy  s hand  return for this very minor universal horror offering . but this time  instead of having wallace ford as the comedic sidekick  babe   we get fuzzy knight substituting as a silly buddy named  stuff  . but the results are nowhere near as charming  and the scare level is virtually nil .  br    br   dick is a businessman who gets the idea of spearheading a treasure hunt on a remote island inside a spooky old castle . peggy is one of the gang who comes along for the ride . but there is a tall and skinny john carradine lookalike in a black cape and big hat known as  the phantom  who crashes the party in pursuit of the buried fortune himself .  br    br   this  phantom  is not very mysterious  and no effort is made to even try and keep his rather average guy face in the shadows to create any tension or spookiness . it  s always nice to see perky moran  but otherwise you can chalk this up as one of universal  s instantly forgettable misfires .  
a horribly pointless and  worse  boring film . stranger than fiction has nothing new to say about anything  no characters beyond the most unimaginative stereotypes  and relies on a clunky central concept that is neither particularly original nor dealt with in a vaguely innovative way .  br    br   will ferrell is totally wasted in what he presumably hoped to be his answer to jim carey  s truman show  and substitutes his usual shouting routine  admittedly very funny if you discount talledega nights  for  well  pretty much nothing .  br    br   emma thompson is no more than mildly irritating  that some reviews i  ve read here are talking her up for an oscar nomination is laughable  whilst maggie gyllenhaal does a passable job with a very weak script that allows nothing beyond establishing her character as a former law student who dropped out of harvard to become a baker because she liked making people happy . please . that she ended up falling for ferrell  s  character  is utterly ludicrous .  br    br   marc forster  s attempts to jazz up the film using computer graphics only serve to highlight the uninspired the material he has to work with .  br    br   i had the choice of either going to watch the prestige for the third time or seeing this . i wish i  d opted for the prestige .  
stranger than fiction angered me so much  i signed up on imdb just to write this review . stranger than fiction is a surprisingly complex  touching and thought  provoking movie until the very end . once you suspend multiple lapses of logic  why didn  t will ferrell hear emma thompson  s voice   years ago when she fist started writing her book   the phone rang . the phone rang again .  how could she not know it  s him calling  etc .   the movie challenges one  s thoughts about mortality  fate  and sacrifice .  br    br   the brief history of literary themes provided by dustin hoffman should especially entertain former english majors . and maggie gyllenhaal is always a pleasure  even though will ferrell might just as easily be an ax murderer as a bumbling soul . her quick trust of him is a mighty big leap of faith .  br    br   ah  but the ending . until the very end  i would have given  out of   stars to this movie . the movie as a metaphor for life  s journey  as a tribute to the notion of  writing true   as a reminder that great literature is either comedy or tragedy  but not both  is outstanding . the entire movie leads the viewer to understand and accept the moment of will ferrell  s fate . and no matter how endearing a character he may have become  we know full well why we will accept the ending . the last act occurs  the screen goes white  the credits roll . a profound and powerful end to an almost perfect film . an end that would have been debated for weeks .  br    br   no           no credits rolled . say it isn  t so . say hollywood didn  t tack on another   minutes of crap that completely undermined the integrity and heart of the movie . dustin hoffman got it right when he said   it  s no longer a masterpiece it  s ok .  an apt review of the movie . except to me  it wasn  t even ok . i was so offended about the betrayal of  writing true   about the decision to pander the film that i actually burst into angry tears explaining this on the ride home from the movie . i don  t often cry . i could care less about most movies  but i am still angry about this one .  br    br   my questions for zack helm  the writer  are this did the original movie end when the screen went white  and were you forced by the vapid movie powers  that  be to tack on an ending unfaithful to the core of the movie  or did you tack that maudlin ending on yourself  i  ve read you  re brilliant . i hope your original script ended the movie the first time .  br    br   i know zack helm will never see this review  and i  ve been unable to find a contact for him to ask myself . but  please  movie  goers  am i the only one who feels this way about stranger than fiction  one good thing came from me seeing this movie i doubly admire lost in translation now .  
a badly  acted two  character comedy  drama abruptly transmogrifies into a weren  t  we  awful  to  the  indians polemic  with lousy special effects  exploitative use of nudity  and ugly violence . it  s as sincere as a politician  s handshake  as obvious as a car salesman  s pitch  one of the worst movies in the history of the universe . absolute and utter dreck .  
spoilers contained  br    br   i  d heard from various sources that this film was controversial and that the ending in particular was horrific . what i didn  t expect was the complete change in tack with about twenty minutes to go . what starts off as a typical cowboy  indian western suddenly descends into a very dull romantic  comedy  about honus  soldier blue of the title played by peter strauss  and cresta  candice bergen  who escape an onslaught of the cavalry by the cheyenne . the majority of the film then focuses on these two mismatched people hence the romantic comedy bit . donald pleasance then turns up and abducts them both for no real apparent reason . they then escape and both turn up  separately  at the cavalry base on the eve of an attack on the cheyenne base . as cresta used to be married to one of the cheyenne chiefs she escapes the cavalry base and joins up with them . so far so ordinary . then comes the ending . after enduring well over an hour of poor acting involving a cliched will they  won  t they get together storyline  the movie then transforms into over the top exploitation involving among other things a decapitation and a child being shot in the back of the head . similarities can be drawn with the wild bunch at this point of the film but the wild bunch kept the same tone throughout and didn  t resort to extreme gratuitous violence . in some ways  soldier blue reminds me of frank perry  s last summer which also completely changed tack for a shock ending . i didn  t hate soldier blue nor find the ending particularly disturbing but just found it to be pretty dull with an unnecessarily violent ending . if you want to see a film with a truly disturbing slaughter of the innocents  i would recommend elem klimov  s come and see .  
soldier blue is a movie with pretensions pretensions to be some sort of profound statement on man  s inhumanity to man  on the white man  s exploitation of and brutality towards indigenous peoples a biting  unflinching and sardonic commentary on the horrors of vietnam . well  sorry  but it fails miserably to be any of those things . what soldier blue actually is is pernicious  trite  badly made  dishonest rubbish .  br    br   another reviewer here hit the nail on the head in saying that it appears to be a hybrid of two entirely different movies . what it is basically is a lame  clichd  poorly acted  odd couple  romance  strauss and bergen overcoming their prejudices about the other  s lifestyle and falling in love  ah  bless   bookended by two sickening massacres which wouldn  t have been out of place in a lucio fulci splatter flick .  br    br   there is no excuse for the repulsive  prurient  gore  drenched climax  in which cute little native american children are variously shot  sliced  dismembered and impaled in loving and graphic close  up  and large  breasted native american women are molested  raped and strung up  no excuse  that is  except box office .  the massacre itself  whilst repulsive in its misplaced intention  is very badly staged and shot a bunch of actors lying around with bright red paint smeared on them  intercut with a few special  effects sequences of beheading  dismemberment  dismemberments  incidentally  which utilised real amputees in their filming . now that  s what i call exploitation .   br    br   forget all the pap you  ve heard  including the ludicrous commentaries that begin and end the movie  about this being a  protest   an indictment of american brutality towards the native peoples . this film doesn  t give a stuff about the plight of the cheyenne had it done so it would have featured some involving native american characters  would have led us to get to know and to care about the nameless  faceless innocents who get slaughtered at the climax . instead what we get is the silly white bread romance of bergen and strauss  lousy actors both  in this at least   with plenty of blood  guts and severed heads thrown in to attract the curious .  br    br   which is a terrible shame  because there is a movie to be made about the sand creek massacre  about all of the real life massacres the us  and britain  and all so  called  civilised  nations  have participated in over the centuries  iraq   . this just isn  t that movie .  
the movie started off strong  ll cool j  deed  as an undercover police officer  with partner sgt . lazerov  dylan mcdermott from the practice  possibly miscast as a bad guy   committing robbery and murder . deed refuses to kill the drug dealer  which sets up the conflict of a dirty cop with a conscience . the other big names  freeman  spacey et al  are well cast and the movie shows promise .  br    br   the movie begins to fall short as soon as justin timberlake  pollack  is introduced . given the opportunity to make a good movie that people will possibly see repeatedly  or one that teenage girls will go and see the once because of timberlake  i would choose the former . even talented actors have to work hard at their craft timberlake is not talented and no amount of hard work can save him . i would have thought he would put on a better show  given the fact that he has been acting talented for years . everything he did in this film was unconvincing .  br    br   just because a singer sells millions of records and sells out stadiums  it does not automatically translate that they can act successfully in feature films . even hardcore n  sync fans will not be able to ignore the obvious lack of acting talent .  br    br   that aside there are a few plot holes  such as pollack  s sudden sniper ability and deadly operation of warehouse machinery . this movie had so much promise . thoroughly disappointing .  
first of all  this film can be divided into three segments . a promising opening  with the ambushing of some cavalry by the cheyenne . this is followed by what can only be described as a long boring middle section  with the totally miscast candice bergen and  soldier blue  traveling together to reach the safety of an army garrison . miss bergen spews forth inappropriate four letter words every time she opens her mouth  and looks like she just walked out of a     s jack nicholson movie . i mean she maintains zero interest  with zero believability . the third and final section involves the totally gratuitous slaughter of an indian village . this is so obviously overdone to lay on the anti  war propaganda  that it comes across as simply long  outrageous  and contrived . not recommended .  merk . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . jacobe  comment above  here  s an idea . why don  t you actually watch the movie you are commenting on  instead of chirping your liberal nonsense . this is not a political site  it is for reviewing films .  merk  
when sam peckinpah  s superlative the wild bunch       opened the door to outrageous displays of graphic cinematic ultra  violence  it did so with a talented  if whisky  marinated  hand guiding the camera and had a compelling story with characters who had actual depth  but in no time flat there were scores of imitators that fell far from the benchmark set by peckinpah  s epic  and soldier blue definitely falls into that category .  br    br   soldier blew  er  blue tells the story of foul  mouthed new yorker cresta lee  candice bergen  a blonde proto  hippie chick who  s been  rescued  from two years of  captivity  among the cheyenne and is now being sent to a fort where she  ll be reunited with the fiance she only wants to marry for his money . also on board the wagon she  s traveling in is a shipment of government gold  cash the cheyenne need to buy guns with  so in short order the soldiers are wiped out and cresta flees to the hills  accompanied by honus gant  peter strauss   the lone surviving cavalryman . calling gant by the snarky nickname  soldier blue   cresta demonstrates that her years among the  savages  was time well spent  outstripping gant in survival skills  common sense  and sheer balls  and over their journey toward the fort they must persevere against the elements  a band of hostile kiowa  an unscrupulous trader  played by donald pleasance  here giving one of his most ridiculous performances  and that  s saying something  and  in the tradition of many previous western  set romantic comedies  each other .  br    br   during the course of their misadventures the two opposites are inevitably  and predictably  attracted to each other and eventually end up getting it on  while gant has a freshly  treated bullet wound that went clean through his leg  no less  in what was surely the only conveniently located cave for at least a twelve mile radius that wasn  t filled with rattlesnakes  mountain lions  or who knows what  to say nothing of the cheyenne  who could have done something really spiffy with such a primo apartment  there i go  thinking in nyc real estate terms again  .  br    br   realizing that their love could never flourish outside of the cave  cresta leaves gant and makes it to the fort by herself only to discover that the moron in charge won  t spare a couple of men so they can rescue gant the regiment needs all available personnel to launch an attack on the nearby cheyenne village  and once cresta gets wind of that she slips past her obnoxiously horny hubby  to  be and makes a beeline straight to the cheyenne to warn them of what  s coming .  br    br   what happens next is what gained the film its infamy it turns out that all the wacky misadventures and squabbling were all just a lead  in to a hideous reenactment of the     sand creek massacre  an orgy of rape  torture and general sadistic evil perpetrated in the name of  keeping the country clean   and almost forty years after its release this sequence still disturbs and nauseates for its sheer cruelty . children are trampled beneath the hooves of charging horses or impaled on bayonets  unarmed people are beheaded  a nice effect  i have to admit  women are stripped and pawed by gangs of slavering brutes  then raped and mutilated  in one truly sickening instance a naked native woman puts up too much of a fight  so her rapist instead decides to cut off her breasts  which we thankfully only see the start of before the camera moves on to chronicle some other hideous act  and scores of innocent people are shot and dismembered  their compone nt parts impaled on pikes and waved about in victorious celebration or kept as the most ghoulish of souvenirs . no joke  this scene would instantly garner an nc    rating if released today  to say nothing of possibly spurring native american interest groups to riot in the streets over the incredibly exploitative manner in which the atrocities are depicted .  br    br   i  m all in favor of westerns that don  t shy away from honest portrayals of how the west was won  or stolen if truth be told  but this film has no idea of what kind of movie it wants to be one minute it  s a heavy  handed pseudo  hippy lecture about how the treatment of the natives was totally effed up  well  duh    then it  s a light  hearted battle of the sexes farce wherein cresta proves herself five times the man gant is and manages to look hot in her tasty red calico poncho  with no undies   but that all goes out the window when donald pleasance shows up with an unintentionally    hilarious pair of buck  toothed dentures and our heroes must figure out how to escape from his murderous clutches in a sub  plot that goes nowhere  all of which culminates in the aforementioned apocalyptic climax . any one of those tacks would have been okay for a coherent film  but the end result is a slapdash mess that milked the horrors of its final ten minutes for all they were worth in the film  s promotion and poster imagery .  br    br   but by trying to be all things to all audiences  soldier blue ends up as an incoherent  preachy mulligan stew of presumably well  intentioned political correctness  but if they were going to tell the story of the sand creek massacre  wouldn  t it have been a good idea to have some indian characters who were more than just walk  ons with murphy brown acting as their mouthpiece  we get to know absolutely nothing of the people who get wiped out solely for what appears to be a crass ploy to lure gorehound moviegoers into seeing  the most savage film in history .  if you  like me  were intrigued by the provocative ads and reviews that shower almost endless praise upon it for its  daring to tell it like it was   take my word for it and let soldier blue slowly fade into cinematic obscurity .  
other than the great cinematography by the marvelous james wong howe in the battle scenes  this film is a true stinker .  br    br   this is the second film that i  ve seen in recent days directed by alexander korda . the first was charles laughton  s  rembrandt .  it was so lousy that i shut it off . this one i  m afraid is not very much better .  br    br   flora robson is as ugly as ever as queen elizabeth . perhaps  her performance as the virgin queen was good for     standards but when you compare it to that of a helen mirren  it is absolutely no match . in robotic fashion  robson states her lines . her battle message to the english troops is so lackluster in spirit .  br    br   even a dashing laurence olivier can  t save this utter piece of boredom .  br    br   future wife vivien leigh is in a supporting role here and she doesn  t really convey anything here . to think  that scarlett was  years later   br    br   it  s a shame that history with the spanish armada is made out to be so boring in this film .  
i remembered the title so well . to me  it was a flora robson movie with olivier and vivien leigh in supporting roles . and it had vincent massey  s voice from behind whiskers . well flora robson was great . her next signature  for me  would be    days at peking  . the same role but with different sumptuous gowns . and the same voice . as for the armada  it was a subtext . i like black  and  white films . was everything done in elizbethan times at night  it was talky and difficult to fathom  at times . i couldn  t tell which was the love interest . was it the spaniard or was it vivien leigh  and i do not believe that elizabeth i would have been the brilliant strategist to recommend that fire ships be sent against the armada . apparently it worked for the empire  but not for the script . this might have been more accurate  historically  but bette davis had more engaging scripts . and i missed daylight   
spoilers  br    br   well  the one line summary says it all . melvilles  le samurai  is the original and there are elements of  leon  . and they are better  much better   br    br   in the  samurai  alain delon is a lonely warrior  professional killer who keeps a bird in cage and is stealing cars for his jobs  with so much suspense in these scenes   . even the end is exactly the same the samurai seeks death in dignity and is getting shot with an empty gun in his hand . the world has changed he realizes and there is no place for the samurai in it .  br    br   delon is not killing so many people like the ghost dog . but i guess jarmusch liked  leon  very much or even  desperado  by rodriguez . so he added this  too . and let me guess the girl will become a professional like ghost dog  like natalie portman in  leon     br    br   so what was jarmusch thinking after all  where is the unique  the original thought in this movie   br    br   i cant see the point in making carbon  celluloid  copies .  br    br   a     rating by macaulay connor  
now i  ll be the first to admit it when i say something that may be blasphemous or unfair  so i would like to apologize in advance for my ranting about how much i disliked this movie .  br    br   that about sums it up too . i disliked this movie . to be more specific  i disliked the concept of this movie . the cinematography was good . the mood was nice . and the acting was satisfactory .  br    br   however  the story is fatuous  unacurate and misleading . it is also offensive .  br    br   i am a quarter cree indian  and for some reason i feel insulted  on a personal level  by the nature of whitaker  s character . first of all  he  s a black guy . and this isn  t a racist remark  i swear . the thought of a white  hispanic or even native american swinging a katana on a rooftop offends everything that the katana represents . the katana represents the soul of a samurai  imbibed with the souls of his ancestors who guide and protect the samurai . for ghost dog to use his guns instead of the katana is also an insult to the blade and the souls inside  and where the heck did he get a katana anyway  it must be one of those replicas  which insults the samurai caste even more .  br    br   also  ghost dog showed no honor . near the end of the movie  he shoots a bodyguard in the back through a window and then assassinates a man by shooting him in the face through a faucet drain . not only is this a cowards way to kill an enemy  it  s more like a ninjas way silent assassins a group that samurais deny exists  but hates none  the  less .  br    br   then he tries to kill his boss  when he finds out his boss is a baddie . you know what a true samurai does when he learns his master is proven bad or dishonorable  he kills himself  to prove that he would rather die then lower himself to the level of his doggish master .  br    br   everything about the character was a giant contradiction to the real code that all samurai adhere to bushido .  br    br   so  we have great cinematography  good ambiance and so  so acting encompassing a satiricle plot and premise   which unfortunately is the most important aspect of it   making it an unsatisfactory overall film  and an insult to everything a honorable bushi  samurai  holds dear .  br    br    .     bleah  
  don  t bother to watch this film  would be better advice  if you like marilyn monroe in her other roles . this was a huge disappointment considering the great cast  not just marilyn .  br    br   the story was just nothing  certainly nothing like described on the vhs box  of course . there simply was no suspense  precious little excitement and too many dull spots  most of them trying to show why  nellie   monroe  was so messed up . this was not a good role for monroe  even though i didn  t need to see this character to know she could act .  some like it hot  alone was good enough evidence for me . but this role just didn  t fit her and it  s no surprise it wasn  t one of her more popular films .  br    br   it  s also too bad a film had the waste of the talents of actors like richard widmark  anne bancroft  elisha cook jr .  jeanne cagney  donna cocoran and others .  br    br   summary it  s not entertaining and entertainment is the name of the game .  
this is a well  worn story about a man who marries to escape the hangman  s noose  then sets about  taming  his reluctant bride . it manages to be sexist and racist at exactly the same time . we never find out  for example  why a woman who won the respect of an indian warrior is completely unable to fight back against her erstwhile husband . or why the members of her team are so eager to get a  real man  in the saddle when she seems to have been taking care of things just fine on her own . this only made sense in fifties hollywood .  br    br   there  s a really stupid scene where she horsewhips him and he actually catches the whip   the second time   then yanks her off her horse . never mind that the first time probably would have lost him an eye  which would make it pretty hard to grab that whip  then  he prevails in a fight against her indian bodyguard where he spends the first two thirds of it getting beaten to a pulp . that  s some second wind . later  he successfully negotiates with some bloodthirsty indians  as they all are in these flicks  after they reject her now she  s his  squaw  . never mind that he has zero diplomatic skills and she  s been negotiating with them for years . and the way he keeps rejecting her attempts to seduce him just to keep her keen and keep her from getting a hold on him   yeah  right . like the women are just throwing themselves at him all the way down the trail .  br    br   finally  neither of the leads is convincing in their roles . madison is just a jerk who gets unrealistically lucky . fleming flips her hair and scowls a lot  but is totally unconvincing as a fiery tomboy . the only reason you  d root for her is because you want to see madison get tied to a runaway horse and dragged over a cliff before the film  s end . the way that madison tames fleming is so predictable and has so few obstacles that it will irritate the heck out of you if you see women as anything but blow  up dolls . even if you do see them as dolls  the total lack of suspense will bore you .  br    br   total waste of time . even the scenery  s kinda dull . give this one a big miss .  
to be honest i had heard this was pretty bad before i decided to watch it  but i  m never one to let others influence my viewings  in fact i  m more likely to watch something out of defiance  . bullwhip had one thing going for me before the viewing anyway  the fact that rhonda fleming and those gorgeous eyes was in it had me interested right away . the picture isn  t very good  and is in fact very morally dubious  all the characters are corrupt and shifty in one way shape or form  all motivated by greed or egocentric victories  this is all well and good if the surrounding film can do justice to a bunch of despicable people and create a taut climax shuddering picture . sadly it doesn  t  and as the finale fills your eyes with sugar you can  t help shouting out that you have been cheated into watching a pretty bad film  nobody in the cast come out with any credit  with lead man guy madison painfully wooden in the extreme .  br    br   not even the lovely rhonda can make me recommend this to anyone       
i  m basing this on my observations of one episode i saw last night          . i don  t think i  ll be watching again . the acting was totally wooden  the plot completely predictable  the ending totally unrealistic   i mean who would believe a   million dollar judgment for the death of a recovering drug addict with terminal cancer  the lead actor  victor garber  seemed so uncomfortable  almost embarrassed in his role   perhaps he realized how bad the writing was   i fully realize that the drama offered this season is pretty poor  but they can surely find better writers . maybe they are outsourcing the writing to india or china   i  ll bet we won  t be seeing this one next season   
beginning with the poster  featuring only morgan freeman and kevin spacey   the entire movie was a fraud . one stereotype after another  this movie was about nothing  or nothing new  at least . after      minutes  you realize that you  ve just paid to see justin timberlake and ll cool j recite their way through another cop  flick .  br    br   basically  the story is about the corrupt system in some city  all secretly supported by the backbone business and in town  under the watchful eye of some hot  shot politician . the almighty and above  the  law organization is called frat and guess what  they  ve got a kick  ass loony cop shooting and beating at will  suspects  girlfriends  you name it . frat cops are corrupt and greedy  so they end up making mistakes that get discovered by a young and talented      journalist . one hour later  after a series of unbelievably bad  made shooting scenes and more stereotype lines  everything ends happily and we get served the final line  you can  t beat the system . bah  don  t see this waste of film roll . freeman and spacey barely have   min altogether   
happened upon a copy of this . not mine and if i had spent my own money on this i  d be finding those responsible and demanding it back  all i can say is this would be a terrible student film . any understanding of the medium of film is absent . acting is god awful  the story would have been rejected from the original twilight zone series as unoriginal and lame  and the change in tone of the lead character  s reaction to the  ghost  is laughable .  br    br   i can only agree that the  glowing  reviews of this film are from friends and family . i  m afraid it  s not even entertainingly bad .  br    br   amateur in the extreme   br    br   avoid  avoid  avoid   
frankly i  m rather incensed that on the basis of the dazzling reviews attributed to steven smith i wasted nearly two hours on his debut offering . have they all been written by his pals  the action clunks along  the music is irritating and over used  the script is simply dire and the actors  with the exception of the gardener  mediocre at best . i do think we should support the efforts of a young filmmaker but saying it  s brilliant when it  s not will surely only encourage him to make the same mistakes again i . e . continuing to write his own scripts and using the same actors for another venture . yes  it  s his first film  low budget etc .  i get it  but it  s also out there for members of the public to purchase and it  s just not up to scratch .  
it  s one of those dramas that  s so bad that it almost hits the point of being very funny  the script is absolutely dire  direction appalling  lighting purely armature  the only thing letting it down from a true so bad it  s good feel is that the sound design is only quite bad it adds no suspense to the story although trying hard  but doesn  t at least destroy any speeches . there  s continuity problems of seasons of out door shots throughout . and finally last but not least the acting is appalling . for a professional production it very much has the feel of a university media project you have to feel sorry for the sorry for anyone who had to put their names to this .  
when thinking about captivity many words come to mind . among them are uninteresting  unentertaining  unsuspensful  unsexy  unfathomable  and unwatchable .  br    br   i used to hate those movies from the mid to late nineties that were basically ripoffs of scream but these new saw knockoffs are beginning to make those films look like classics . they still pander to the same demographic that those other movies were so successful at doing  but now they add a new level of degeneracy that make the twelve to fourteen year old girls they  re aimed at feel like they  re hardcore and hip .  br    br   this movie is a load of boring crap  what the hell has happened to larry cohen  his name hasn  t been attached to anything good since      even so  i was still surprised to see that he had anything to do with something this bad  was anyone surprised when the movie  s love interest turned out to be one of the psychopaths  did anyone not know it when they first saw him  only someone who has never before in his or her life  ever seen another movie   
i  ll keep this short thanks to greg for helping me to put this succinctly captivity is about a guy who drugs a girl  s drink  imprisons and tortures her  then poses as a captive to have sex with her . that is the single twist and punchline of the film . it  s torture as slow motion date rape . and  it  s not even a good movie . it  s not so bad it  s good it  s just bad .  br    br   it should also be mentioned that among critics  there is a  spoiler code  that they dare not break  even though some were tempted to on this one because it is so vile . why no one had the cojones to step up and say   this is garbage  and this is why   is beyond me .  br    br   don  t give your money to these poop  peddlers .  
the only reason i give it a  is that filmography is so stylized these days such that it has at least something to comment on .  br    br   this film is asinine . it  s like so many other   st century grind house fodder . the gore is gratuitous and simply revolting . i didn  t care about any of the characters  but i did care that some cretin bothered to pen this crap i  d complain about the money i spent  but my date and i wisely left after   minutes and went to an adjoining theater to watch the adventurous and entertaining  live free or die hard   which probably got a much higher rating from me simply because i endured the utter poop of  captivity  for   minutes .  
absolutely fantastic .  br    br   now  before a legion of cinema purists choke on their latts  allow me to elaborate . much as i enjoyed it  this is quite simply one of the worst films i have ever seen and is certainly the worst film i  ve seen at the cinema  an impressive claim  as i remember seeing daredevil on the big screen  . the two leads  daniel gillies and elisha cuthbert  were unconvincing at best and downright awful at worst . of course  they weren  t helped by a script that had as much emotional depth as a daphne  celeste single and characterisation that was about as convincing as the oj defence . the plot  to stretch the term slightly  was thin to non  existent and the  gore  scenes  whilst undoubtedly brutal  were irrelevant and laughably formulaic . what plot there is revolves around a twenty  something model  cuthbert  who is abducted  imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures  both psychological and physical . the torture scenes feel like disconnected set pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking rather than scaring the audience . whilst there really are very  very few positives to draw from this film  its redeeming features are the very flaws that make it such a dreadful film . i have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema . within twenty minutes  the entire cinema was in stitches and remained that way throughout . for my part i came out flushed with laughter  buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of appalling film  making . whichever way you look at it  this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how not to make a film .  br    br   p . s . i omitted to mention that i managed to get in to the film free . . . so i can afford to laugh about it . i was still tempted to ask for my money back . . . it really was that bad .  
the documentary revolves around eva mozes kor  a holocaust survivor  part of mengele  s experiments on twins  consisting primarily her version of what happened at auschwitz  and a comparison of the emotions of the other survivors of the twin experiments . the movie obviously had great reviews . it  s one of those topics that no one dares to voice a contrary opinion about .  br    br   i too  for a large part of the movie  got sucked into the emotion that the movie  maker so obviously wanted the viewer to concentrate on . one of the user reviews on imdb by eric monder  obviously having nothing critical to say about the issue on a public forum  could only find the sweetest nectar .  in one of the many dramatic sequences  as a group of jews argue with kor at a jewish center  the meaning of the word  forgive  is even debated  but the isolated and outnumbered kor holds her own  but by this time  the sappy hold that the movie had on my dormant emotional repertoire had let loose enough that i could see clearly once more . after the  strong  willed  eva kor forgives her  nazi captors  the movie begins to delve into what forgiving is all about  at least from the viewpoint of kor . the movie goes about following her  past her public statement forgiving the nazis and into new territory . to me  this was the meat of the movie  surrounded by inedible fat of her  act of forgiveness  . obviously  it was a very sick cow .  br    br   on a mission to test her theory of forgiveness  in order to heal wounds of the past  she makes her way to the  promised land  to meet with some arabs  to discuss with them the issues that they face and to see if dialogue cannot lead to a better understanding of the situation and heavily interspersed with debates and discussions with jews in the us on her act of forgiving the nazis  including one at a jewish center in chicago . from then on  anyone not so teary eyed that they can  t see the screen will find it hard  pressed to miss the obvious contradiction in her statements .  br    br   firstly  you immediately notice her body language  defensive and unwilling to listen in a room full of arab scholars and teachers . her comments about how she feared that they might kidnap her shows how much of a waste of time  effort and money the entire act was . a rather annoyed dr sami advan  professor of education at bethlehem university  gets it just right when he tells kor off for a statement she makes about how she would rather be asleep in her apartment .  br    br   finally  the debate at the jewish center in chicago  where she is  grilled  on the meaning of forgiveness and her right to do so  in the wake of those that continue suffering through the trauma of the acts .  br    br   i will cut to the chase . by the end of the movie  i was hoping i hadn  t chosen to watch the movie . the movie was badly made  failing to delve deeper into anything about auschwitz apart from the purely trivial  just sufficient to make sure the holocaust is refreshed in the viewers memory and to incite a barrage of tears . it showed that kor  the subject of the documentary was unable to engage in fair discussion . her discussion abilities were limited to parroting her stance on forgiveness  at best  to a complete unwillingness to listen or participate .  br    br   lastly  is everyone so retarded today that they can  t notice the difference between making peace and forgiving  quoting another imdb user   i don  t see her forgiveness as being weak  quite the contrary  she just wanted to relieve its hold from her soul  she wanted the suffering to be over  so she let it go .  that would be the perfect layman  s definition of making peace .  br    br   i guess  in a world of propaganda  blind faith and political correctness  there is no room to question those that have  gone through more than the human mind can fathom  .  br    br   p . s . the dictionary certainly should go into all those books  to  buy lists everyone keeps making .  
this movie looked as if it might be good at the beginning  but never fleshed out to it  s expectations . the director is talented and has some good camera angles and artistic ideas  typical of the asian directors   but doesn  t know how to create or tell a good story to go along with it . the story was fragmented and seemed to go off in all sorts of different directions throughout the film  never finding a solid  explainable  interesting angle . basically  the movie never fit the explanation on the press releases . the acting was very good  however . all the actors gave good performances  and jude law was outstanding as he is always is . it is too bad he chose to do such a weak film .  
jude law gives his all in this beautifully filmed vampire flick which offers little else of value . completely lacking in eroticism  excitement  or leading ladies with appeal . one decent fight  a few moments of mild suspense . and a one  note plot .  br    br   the movie waxes philisophic in a series of conversations between law  s character and a dogged homicide detective  well played by timothy spall . but despite their best efforts  both actors are staked to the cross of the film  s banality .  br    br   with a lesser actor in the lead role   and without the benefit of oliver curtis  s cinematography   crocodiles would blend into the sea of low  budget vampire quickies .  
ll cool j performed much better in this movie that i expected  he did a fabulous job acting as a  renegade  cop within a  renegade  department . from the very beginning  he does a great job of building viewer empathy for his character and the predicament he  s in . he acts as a sort of  gentle giant    a person whose rough exterior can scare anybody  yet whose heart is clearly in the right place from the very start   and he does an amazing job . he was quite clearly the best character in the movie .  br    br   this was certainly a performance that will not win morgan freeman any awards . after starring in powerhouse films like the shawshank redemption this film was certainly a step down . his role in edison simply did not allow him to show his true talents as an actor   and in terms of the conglomeration of characters placed him sadly on a back burner . there are so many ways his character  moses ashford  could have taken a more pivotal role . that he didn  t was disappointing and a true let  down . i was hoping to see more from him in this film .  br    br   timberlake ought to have stayed in the music industry . his portrayal of a young journalist was poorly acted and unpersuasive . this movie is a typical action movie that  at least initially  bears some resemblance to corrupt police affairs la has experienced in the past . being an action movie  it has its share of shoot  em  up scenes  blood  and guts . these scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable . watching the beginning of the movie there is very little suspense as to what will happen at the end   think of what you would typically expect in a good  cops  bad  cops conflict   and it bears little resemblance to a real police shoot  out .  br    br   what irked me most was the way timberlake  s character behaved during shoot  out scenes . he starts out having guns and not using them . then when he finally gets around to using one he fires it as if he  s been firing a gun his whole life . then he runs out of bullets and doesn  t have a gun   and   seconds later  without moving or anything   suddenly has  more fully loaded guns and extra ammo   little plot errors like this really ruined the movie for me .  br    br   if what you are looking for is a blatantly fictional plot in a fantasy world where everything turns out okay  then you  ll probably love this movie . personally  it doesn  t matter to me what kind of movie it is as long as it is realistic . make me believe that the story is true . this story was so obviously fictional in so many aspects that i came away feeling unsatisfied .  
i love all types of films  especially horror . that being said  survival does not live up to any of the hype surrounding it .  br    br   i can  t give it any points on originality . there is nothing wrong with exploring the same themes  or remaking what others have done . it has just become a cop out for indie films to take us on a slasher journey through the woods  a crazed killer  and as of lately  throw in some crazy family . on those lines i have to compare it with the likes of texas chainsaw  wrong turn  though the twist in that one is obvious   and others . survival falls up way short against comparable films . the plot was just not original in any way . some films can get by with a weak  and way over  done  plot with superb acting  special fx  or a slew of other factors . survivial doesn  t have any of that to bank on . if you will  note the following the acting in the movie never took off . i don  t knock or blame the actors for that  nor the director . the dialogue was at best mediocre  and the actors involved never showed  not saying didn  t have  the talent to pull it off . i mention  standouts . the leading man in this film certainly has the look  but i seriously thinks he needs to consider more training before he is ready to carry a film . the actor who portrayed greg also had potential  but we never got to see any of it  watch the movie to see why  you won  t believe it . .  .  br    br   the grainy film look . ah yes  that little tid  bit of film making magic designed to take us to the glory days of  grindhouse  films . in today  s film making  that has become a gimmick . it either works or it doesn  t . in this case it just does not work . there are too many other flaws going on  so it winds up distracting from the film  not adding to it . that being said  i think they did a good job of adding that grain . that is some good  quality grain . i think with a different script  better direction  and possibly actors  they should try another  grindhouse  attempt . they will probably pull it off .  br    br   as far as the tech aspects  in my opinion  they never quite gelled for me either . better care could have been taken with audio  sounds like it was fed directly into the camera  but there is nothing wrong with that  and for being shot on dv  it was too soft for my taste .  br    br   that is all i have to say about that . . . . .  
this is an incomprehensible horribly low budget piece of awfulness .  br    br   i don  t even have the vocabulary to say how dire  turgid  boring  confusing  and just plain strange this effort is  hey what d  ya know i do . . . .  set in a post  apocalyptic america some guys meet on a beach and slaughter and chaos ensue  it was all so incomprehensible i couldn  t make head or tail of any of it .  br    br   seriously how this got picked up by national lampoon totally defeats me it really is awful .  br    br   and not in a its so bad it  s good cult way .  br    br   it is just awful  awful  awful  awful .  br    br   honestly . if you still don  t believe me then watch it with every intention of loving it then come back here and tell me what you think . even gerbils on acid couldn  t hope to understand this .  br    br   avoid or even better destroy . . .  
this movie was made by a bunch of white guys that went to school together . well there  s nothing wrong with that  except it looks like it was made by a bunch of white guys that went to school together .   percent of the cast are white males about same age . it  s almost like watching a bunch of guys at boys camp who turned the camera on themselves . the movie has no plot . it simply repeats the same action of blood bath after blood bath . there are some funny scenes and comedic bits . but they don  t redeem the flat monotony .  br    br   the graphic cartoon scenes are used to cover the stuff that was obviously beyond their budget or resources to do  and not done very well at that . anything that can  t be done with white guys running around on the beach covered in blood is done with cheap animation .  br    br   i went to see this film after seeing the trailer  which makes it look like a tarrentino piece . well  the trailer scenes are as good as they ever get . ther rest of it just repeats the same kind of mundane  inane comedy . it works at times  but it gets boring after the same stuff comes at you over and over . it  s more like a string of satuday night live skits than a movie . it  s a hit  you  over  the  head  with  it kind of comedy . i can see where the story idea is intriguing . but  in this film post apocalyptic america is much like medevil england . in fact wheatlry says the story ideas came from that era . he plans to make a part  . i guess he thinks he  s tarrentino or maybe doing a parody thing .  br    br   at the opening in la  wheatley mentioned he will bring back pretty much the same cast in part  . he was asked if he might consider a more diverse cast in the next one  to which he replied  well yea  sure .  
this is the biggest pile of crap i have ever watched . do not rent  the makers of this movie should be band from ever making another movie . it starts with some what of a plot  then fades fast to nothing . i think i would rather watch paint dry then to as much as looking at the cover . the actors were awful  the plot faded fast  filming left to much work to be done . not one good thing to say about this crap movie . if you rent this movie you will waste your money . i really enjoy national lampoon movies  but this was a waste of time . learn to write  learn to act  learn to produce  and learn to direct . i feel i should sue these a  holes that made this movie for money wasted on rental cost and time lost .  
i work as a hotel concierge in washington dc and take my word  there was nothing remotely accurate about the character played by michael j . fox    we simply do not walk around with our pockets bursting with theater tickets and     bills    if i ever let anybody use a room for some  afternoon delight  time i  d be fired on the spot  the organization to which i belong  les clefs d  or  has very definite standards of ethics and conduct that we take seriously .   similarly untrue was the concept  at the end of the movie  of doug simply removing his gold key emblem and passing it on to some other employee  we earn those keys and it is a badge of honor and knowledge to be allowed to wear them . there is a whole application and vetting process to joining our organization .  br    br   this film does nothing to dispel the unfortunate perception of a concierge as nothing but a money grubbing mercenary . in short it does a disservice to our organization . i welcome any comments .  
i expected alot from this movie . kinda like lee as a naustradamous like caracter but instead all i got was a waste of time and a boring movie . i can  t even explain this movie . it had wooden acting  terrible script from pieces from the bible like hurricanes  tidal waves and earthquakes . but that was at the end  the rest of it i had to wait and hope that something meaningfull would happen but it didn  t . this movie is about a couple that tries to find out the changes going on in the world like places in china where there was an earthquake and end up at a convent run by eight nuns and a priest . the convent end up being the key to the misshappenings . the whole movie is missleading and boring . one of lees worst .  
end of the world is an uneventful movie  which is odd since it is supposed to be about the total destruction of the earth . the main character is some kind of scientist  i  m not exactly sure what kind . he has two jobs at a government    facility guarded by four security men . his first job is monitoring transmissions to and from space  although this actually seems more like a hobby he does when not working on job    . job   requires him to put on a protective suit and go into a dark room . . . at least that  s the best i can figure . apparently the  plant  is not exactly top  secret  as the scientist brings his wife there . she hangs out  they  re on their way to a dinner  while he discovers a message from space major earth disruption  repeated over and over . he says something about it being the first message from space he  s ever been able to decipher his wife tells him they  re going to be late for the dinner party . so they leave and go to the party      . moments later he finds out that china has suffered a major earthquake . from there  the movie goes . . . nowhere  yes  christopher lee is in it  but that really doesn  t help much . besides  lee gives a lackluster performance along the lines of his appearance in howling ii . this movie is boring  but it has enough stupid elements that you might want to suffer through it once if you like christopher lee or z  grade sci  fi . plus  there  s lots of stock footage of the earth being destroyed .  
this is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen  its horrible . christopher lee is good but he is hardly in it  the only the good part is the opening scene .  br    br   don  t be fooled by the title .  end of the world  is truly a bad movie  i stopped watching it close to the end it was so bad  only for die hard b  movie fans that have the brain to stand this vomit .  
end of the world looks like a good movie on the box cover but be warned its bad . being a big fan of mega star actor christopher lee i was fooled . like tentacles     a good cast does not mean it  ll be a good film . the beginning looks promising then it turns to tedium  many parts of the movie are too dark to see whats going on . the rest of the cast is shown briefly likelew ayres  dean jagger  and macdonald carey as a security guard . i would expect better from charles band who made good fun movies like the re  animater and dolls . i heard christopher lee was tricked into making this film . he was told his co stars were going to be jose ferrer  john carridine  and dean jagger . well dean jagger is there but the other two never made it  lucky them  if you make a movie about the end of the world use a bigger budget and better storyline . dean jagger went on to do two good movies afterwardsalligator     and game of death     sue lyon  lolita  is also in the movie minus her lollipop . if you are a glutton for punishment then watch end of the world i dare you to say awake during the whole movie .  out of   .  
what can i say about this film other than  don  t see it  . i waited and waited and waited for someting  or anything  to happen and it just didn  t come . watch amazingly as two people walk around while setting the record for most filler screen time in a single movie . what are they doing  are they solving a mystery  are they gathering clues  possibly  it  s just hard to tell . at the end of the movie  after a lot of radio signals are decoded  illegibly on some sort of pet monitor  and this guy gives some lectures  the plot is finally revealed and tossed aside as quickly as possible . some aliens want to get back to their home world utopia and are so happy there that they want to blow up the earth  i guess they don  t like sharing the wealth  . my guess is they finished filming and saw their   minute work or art  garbage   and decided that they  d let the editing crew turn it into an   minute feature film . watch at your own peril  it  s not even funny because it  s so bad  it  s just bad .  
i saw this movie at the toronto film festival with fairly solid expectations . the movie has a great cast and was closing at the festival so it must be good  right  how wrong i was .  br    br   i knew we were in trouble when before the film the director was talking about how when he was directing an episode of wiseguy he met an unknown actor named kevin spacey  a director  writer of wiseguy making his feature debut  blah  . . . well the director  writer of edison must have some incriminating pictures of kevin spacey killing a homeless man  because i cannot see how he  along with the other actors in the film  would ever agree to be in this disaster .  br    br   this movie is absolutely appalling  it  s a mixture of every cop hard boiled clich ever . there is nothing new with edison . the acting was bad and the direction was even worse . it looked like that aforementioned episode of wiseguy . this was the best casted direct to video movie i  ve ever seen .  br    br   some examples of just bad silly moments in edison . . . morgan freeman dancing around his apartment for no reason to rock and roll music . . . justin timberlake getting creative criticism from his belle while his apartment is surrounded by candles . . . llcoolj driving a vintage firebird . . .  guys being shot in the head . . .  br    br   this movie is the opposite of good .  br    br   stay away from edison   
dull  cheap sci  fi thriller  made with an almost total lack of conviction  a control room full of computers and other devices used to receive and decipher messages from outer space is run by only one man  and is very poorly guarded at night   and full of campy sound effects . christopher lee is not only wasted  but he also gives one of his few  i  m here strictly for the money  performances .        
a good deal of running around . a badly conceived adversary with very little complexity . a scientist who works in communications sending off signals into space and receiving them  gets caught up with aliens . along with his pretty wife  he invades their territory and is given secrets about them . he becomes rather traitorous in the process . granted  he is given little choice anyway . there is a scene where he gives them everything they want . this is a dull movie with lots of long stretches where little happens . the plot isn  t technically bad . it  s just that we are usually following a car  a trip through a woods  investigating a building . this is what editing is all about . i suppose the story wouldn  t technically support much more . not much here .  
  a scientist discovers signals from space that appear to carry information concerning a series of seemingly unrelated natural disasters  occurring across the globe . hoping to discover the source of these signals and who  s behind them  the scientist and his wife set out on a trek to locate the intended recipient of the signals . what the couple eventually discovers is a small remote convent with occupants who are not really who they appear to be   according to the dvd sleeve  s synopsis .  br    br   kirk scott  as andrew boran  is the scientist who intercepts alien messages on his computer . he suspects a series of  large earth disruptions  may be connected to the weird space static . mr . scott and pretty blonde wife sue lyon  as sylvia boran  investigate the mysterious signals from outer space . they discover priestly  but creepy christopher lee  as  father pergado    and other silliness . given that   end of the world  is remarkably dull .  br    br    end of the world       john hayes  kirk scott  sue lyon  christopher lee  
christopher lee is one of my favorite actors  i  m trying to view all of his work . he has been known to single  handedly save movies with his presence . unfortunately  this is not one of them . this movie suffers from a low budget and it  s production values are disturbing . please . . . for the love of christopher . . . . avoid this film   
spoilers  br    br   wow  end of the world is a singularly underwhelming cinematic experience .  br    br   here is the full story a scientist is getting messages from space  a la independence day  . the messages say stuff like a massive disaster is about to happen and then the scientist hears later on the radio that a huge earthquake just happened in china . he starts thinking that the messages have something to do with the disasters around the world so he  s trying to figure out who  s receiving the messages  and who  s also sending out messages in space  . he and his wife eventually figure out that the messages come from a convent . they visit it . everything looks normal  including the priest played by a bored christopher lee . but the scientist is adamant and really believes that the messages are coming from and going to that convent . so he and his wife secretly go back to the convent where they are caught snooping around by the aliens  disguised as priests and nuns . they are held against their will and the alien played by lee forces the scientist to get something they need in order for them to return to their planet . once the alien get the special element  the aliens all depart one by one to their home planet in some sort of tacky looking transporter platform . lee  being the last alien left  tells the couple that the earth will be destroyed because of some sort of hokey decision by the aliens . lee walks in the transporter and he  s gone . the couple  looking at the monitors that show stock footage of natural disasters occurring all over the world  decide to follow the aliens . because earth is doomed  the couple doesn  t see any point of staying behind so they walk in the transporter and disappear . the last shot of the movie is a papier mache planet earth exploding . the end .  br    br   that  s it .  br    br   i  ve never seen such a dull movie in my life . it  s the most underwhelming movie i  ve ever experienced . the scientist and his wife are two of worst heroes or protagonists ever put on screen . they don  t care about anything . they see the earth disasters on the monitors and decide  what the heck  who needs earth anyway   they don  t even try to stop them or do something to make things better . this kind of story might have worked if the film had an overwhelming sense of doom to everything but the action and atmosphere are nonexistent . the actors and the folks behind this dull flick are going through their paces  so much so that you can almost feel when they punched their cards when they got off and returned to work . i wasn  t expecting much with this movie because it is a charles band production  but i didn  t expect it to be this bad .  br    br   christopher lee was once asked what was his worst film he ever made and he mentioned starship invasions . well  i  m sorry chris but starship invasions was actually goofy fun . starship invasions is terrible but terribly entertaining . end of the world is much  much  much worst it  s beyond dull and inert  with no entertainment value whatsoever .  
it  s got christopher lee  it  s got huge banks of     s computers that make teletype noises as letters appear on the screen  it  s got radioactive isotopes that not only glow in the dark but emit pulsing thrumming noises  it  s got volcanoes  evil aliens disguised as nuns  tidal waves  earthquakes  exploding cars  exploding coffee machines  and as a climax the entire planet blows up . how on earth does this film managed to be so incredibly  mind  numbingly dull  the answer  my friend is because    of this movie is made up of establishing shots  most of them involving long tracks  pans  or zooms in combinations  or occasionally all three  that do nothing except give the crew something to do . there are endless shots of our protagonists driving  getting in and out of cars  driving again  walking around looking at stuff  getting in cars and driving . . . i just sat there watching endless parade of nothingness in stupefaction muttering  say something  please somebody  just say something . . . do something . . . anything  . . .   br    br   the dialogue  when it does come  is terrible .  br    br    maybe their minutes are measured on a different scale than ours .  was a typically meaningless line . the script culminates in the destruction of the world by stock footage  justified in this speech from lee as the head alien  br    br    the planet earth has emitted an over  abundance of diseases  they are contaminating the universe . all the planets light years away from here will suffer unless it is destroyed    br    br   this is is neanderthal sf script writing . this is the sort of motivation you find in the sort of      s japanese monster suit movies aimed at  year olds . it is  and i collect such things  the most god  awful line from an english language sf movie since buster crabbe retired . it beggars belief that this movie was released in the same year as star wars and close encounters .  br    br   lee  who always struck me as a smart  useful actor with a sure knowledge of his limits  delivers his lines as if he is going to kill his agent for getting him into this pile of drek . i don  t blame him .  
your mind will not be satisfied by this nobudget doomsday thriller but  pray  who  s will  a youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as church people .  br    br   small  apocalyptically themed outing  end of the world has the ingenuity and the lack of both brio and style of the purely    s similar movies . and it  s not only that  but eotw plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well . the villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor .  br    br   this wholly shameless slapdash seems a piece of conventexploitation  that significantly    s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated . anyway  the convent  s secret laboratory is some nasty piece of futuristic deco  christopher lee is the pride of end of the world but the end of the world is not at all his pride   
this film had a great cast going for it christopher lee  dean jagger  macdonald carey  lew ayres   solid b  movie actors all . but this downer of a movie didn  t use any of them to any sort of advantage  with none of their characters even meeting on screen  though christopher lee does get to play opposite himself in several scenes  .  br    br   the motivations for the aliens in this movie seem to change at the drop of a hat . first  they just want to repair their ship and leave  then they turn on the main character by killing most of his friends and not releasing his wife after he gets them the crucial part they need . then  out of nowhere  this  peaceful  race decides they have to destroy the planet because it causes too many  diseases   though they do offer the main character and his wife a spot in their society  .  br    br   most of the film is spent watching the man and wife drive or walk or stand around or sit at desks doing nothing . you almost wish they had gotten taken out with the rest of the planet at the end  just in vengeance for boring us to death .  br    br   unless you really like chris lee or seventies low  budget sci  fi  i  d give this one a miss . it falls into that narrow range of wasted celluloid between star odyssey and ufo target earth .  
the earth is destined to be no more thanks to father pergado and a bunch of nuns . christopher lee  who has since said that he was duped in to appearing in this by his producers who told him loads of great actors were involved  is father pergado and gets to do his usual serious and scary routine . the cast are not too bad  though most have now retired from acting . the film has terrible sound effects  mainly created from pressing keys on an old computer it seems  and it ridiculously pondering at times  showing a scene of the sky  for instance  for what feels like hours at a time . despite this the story is pretty humorous in a world  is  doomed sort of way and the production is adequate . interestingly one scene features albert band and wife jackie meda band writer frank ray perilli and charles band  s assistant bennah burton . despite its plodding nature i genuinely wanted to see how it all worked out and thus quite liked it .  
i saw this movie in the theater when i was a kid and always remember it as my first experience with getting ripped off by a horrible movie with a good commercial . the commercial was great  but it i found out later that it had every explosion or  special effect  in the entire movie  about   and even some that weren  t in the movie . there was some sort of plot relating to the aliens but the aliens were never actually shown in the movie as far as i remember . it was clearly a case of someone making a buck off a cheap movie designed to scam people . i guess my world of innocence ended that day  when i found out there were bad people out there who make bad bad movies .  
that is the only question i am left with . why did this movie suck so much when it had such a great cast  why was the writing so bad  it left the audience completely unconnected with the characters  why did it not make any sense at all  why did the studio take a perfectly good premise and  hollywood  the hell out of it when all it needed was good  smart story telling  why  i never understand why movies that start out good turn into a pile of crap by the time they  re released . i hope for the sake of freeman an spacey  who are oscar winners  that this never is released to the big screens in america .  br    br   as someone that holds a bachelors degree in journalism  the whole story is just utterly laughable . i just . . . think the script had potential  but the execution turned it into a clich  and an awful one at that . just . no .  
this movie was terrible  i rented it not knowing what to expect . i watched the  st  minutes and the movie and knew it was a bomb . the acting was bad and there was no plot . the monster is soooooo fake . it growls and its mouth doesnt move . also why would they have a doctor playing a xylophone to kill the monster . just plain bad don  t even waste your time .   out of     
wow  i just saw this on t . v . as one of the  scary  movies they show around halloween . was this rated g  there wasn  t really anything to make this movie scary  or worth watching . also  other people say this is a spoof  but i don  t think so . for a spoof  you need something called  humor  . this low  budget crap  fest didn  t have a shred of humor  and it didn  t make much sense  either . you basically have a goofy looking monster  man in rubber suit  coming out of closets  killing people  i guess  since you never see the monster doing violence to anyone or any bloody aftermath . the spinning newspaper tells you that people were killed by the monster  so i guess that  s good enough .  br    br   the military tries feebly to kill the monster  which isn  t much larger than a man . they have very bad aim . then the military flees  wow  did this movie make the u . s . military look pathetic or what  the monster  while hard to kill  doesn  t do much besides shuffle around and roar . oh  and occasionally a second head pops out of its mouth and shrieks . it was a slightly interesting  yet a total alien ripoff .  br    br   what was the deal with the scientist playing the xylophone to attract the monster  it was hard to understand a lot of the dialog due to the poor sound quality . also  why did the monster carry around the main wimpy guy for so long  why didn  t the monster go into the closet when it had a chance  why do i insist on trying to make sense out of the senseless   
now  i flicked onto this just out of curiosity and had to keep watching  in the same way that you watch a car crash . . .  br    br   i appreciate the fact it  s a spoof  but that should not stop me from criticising the god  awful directing  acting and dialogue . seriously  this rated as one of the poorest movies i have seen  it looked more like an episode of tales from the cryptkeeper  and a poor one at that . . .  br    br   okay  a few criticisms    when the doctor had his heart attack in front of the monster  we never see the monster attack him  so we assume its a heart attack   the army then launch shells  rockets  bullets at the monster  which was feet from the doctor  yet the doctor is not touched by any missile and is still alive    the army attack from about    yards away  and we see a flame  thrower being used  geez  those things have a range of no more than   metres     when the monster tries to take the professor  the soldiers run into the classroom and fire into the ceiling the monster drops the kid  and the soldiers don  t try to shoot the monster    come on     the monster looks like it something out of power rangers     there is one scene where the five  good guys   the priest  the girl  the doctor  the reporter and the kid  all look shocked and we get reactions  along the lines of hand to mouth  one after the other  so natural     the general just runs away  time after time    the general refuses to try electricity and wouldn  t listen    the acting is awful    did i mention the rubber suit monster         that god  awful music  non  stop   
yes  the southern star features a pretty forgettable title tune sung by that heavy set crooner matt monro . it pretty much establishes the tone for this bloated and rather dull feature  stunningly miscast with george segal and ursula andress as an adventurous couple in search of a large diamond . add in harry andrews  with a strange accent  no less  chasing an ostrich  tons of stock footage of wildlife  and poorly composed and dull photography by raoul coutard  and you end up with a thoroughly unexciting romp through the jungles of senegal .  
the head of a common new york family  jane gail  as mary barton   works with her younger sister ethel grandin  as loma barton  at  smyrner  s candy store  . after ms . grandin is abducted by dealers in the buying and selling of women as prostituted slaves  ms . gail and her policeman boyfriend matt moore  as larry burke  must rescue the virtue  threatened young woman .  br    br    traffic in souls  has a reputation that is difficult to support  it isn  t remarkably well done  and it doesn  t show anything very unique in having a young woman  s  virtue  threatened by sex traders . perhaps  it can be supported as a film which dealt with the topic in a greater than customary length  claimed to have been ten reels  originally  . the new york city location scenes are the main attraction  after all these years . the panning of the prisoners behind bars is memorable  because nothing else seems able to make the cameras move .  br    br    traffic in souls           george loane tucker  jane gail  matt moore  ethel grandin  
kirstie alley  looking a bit slimmer  but only a bit  is in this mess along with a man who is a macguyver lookalike  bleached blond hair and all . the premise of the movie is about an older woman        who cannot get her screenplay produced due to age discrimination so she sends in her younger nephew to pose as the writer . not an original idea and not a very good movie with lousy acting  inane dialogue and a ridiculous plot . there is another plot concerning a writer with a crush or admiration for kirstie  s character and why this is included is a mystery . the actor who portrays kirstie  s brother is so wooden and miscast  it was torture to watch their scenes . what is there to say about this film . avoid it .  
  st watched             out of    dir  jon keeyes   over  the  top rehash of    s supposed horror flicks like friday the   th  versions  thru whatever  . i can  t think of much redeeming here except  or can i think of anything   the story revolves around a bunch of stupid people listening to a radio program one year after some kids were slayed in the woods as an  homage  to this  supposedly . but  lo and behold  one of the stupid people  have connections to the actual event because her sister was one of the ones murdered  again  how stupid is this that she would even be a part of this  . guess what  the murderer is at it again and we  re tipped off from the very beginning who it is  so there goes any mystery whatsoever  . and besides all this  where are the  cops  and why doesn  t someone call them . i can  t believe this movie was financed by someone and made . you would think that by now the american people would be judged a little higher  at least in their movie  going experience  but not so by this filmmaker .  
this piece ain  t really worth a comment . . it  s simply the worst  horror  movie i have ever seen . the actors are bad as bad can be and the whole plot is so silly it nearly made me cry . shame on you i say    
without a doubt this is one of the worst films i  ve ever wasted money on  the plot is  erm sorry  did i say there was a plot  the scariest moment was when . . .  nope can  t think of one  the best special effect that had me hiding under the bed covers was . . .  nope can  t think of one for that either . you knew who the killer was right from the start . there was nothing scary about the whole movie  in fact the only two vaguely interesting bits were when you saw the kid sister  misty  in the shower and when you saw nurse toppan take her top off . this film should only be watched to get an idea of how not to make a horror movie     
this movie is outrageous . by outrageous  i mean awful . i had more fun watching the paint dry at my local hardware store on an august day while suffering from a migraine and heat stroke . the acting got progressively worse as the  movie  advanced  and the directors use of euphoric drugs became apparent as the final scenes approached . when misty was shot to death she decided that it would be prudent to blink post mordem . that was not intelligent . truthfully  stevie wonder could have caught that with his eyes closed . if you are deciding between playing with a nail gun while intoxicated and watching this movie  bear in mind that the nail gun will probably give you a better story to tell your friends .  
wow . i do not think i have ever seen a movie with so many great actors that had such a pivotal role so miscast . justin timberlake is perhaps the single worst actor to land a bigtime role in a movie with the star power and money behind it that edison had .  br    br   his acting was painful to observe . the story was ok and all the other characters were played by professional actors  heck  even ll cool j was fine since he has had numerous small parts to cut his teeth on . how the director and movie company figured that timberlake was ready for this role there is no way to comprehend .  br    br   his character ruins the entire experience since every time he is on screen you are actually rooting for the corrupt cops to cap his sorry ass  and he is supposed to be the hero . . . i would not waste money on this one at the theater or on video . maybe if you have hbo and have nothing else to do at  am on a saturday night and you are drunk and stoned  this may be ok .  br    br   watching timberlake in this role was like watching a human  kermit the frog  act in a hollywood blockbuster  just didn  t work at all .  
  american nightmare  is officially tied  in my opinion  with  it  s pat   for the worst movie of all time .  br    br   seven friends  oddly resembling the k  mart version of the cast of  friends   gather in a coffee shop to listen to american nightmare  a pirate radio show . it  s hosted by a guy with a beard . that  s the most exciting aspect of his show .  br    br   chandler  monica  joey  and . . . oh wait  i mean  wayne  jessie  and the rest of the bad one  liner spouting gang all take turns revealing their biggest fears to the bearded dj . unbeknownst to them  a crazed nurse  serial killer is listening . . .  br    br   crazy nurse then proceeds to torture ross and rachel and . . . wait  sorry again . . . by making their fears come to life . these fears include such stunners as  voodoo  and being gone down on by old ladies with dentures .  br    br   no . really .  br    br   this movie was  in a word  rotten . crazy nurse  s killing spree lacks motivation  there  s nothing to make the viewer  jump   the ending blows  and   again   voodoo   br    br   if you have absolutely no regard for your loved ones  rent  american nightmare  with them .  br    br   if you care for your loved ones   even a little bit   go to your local blockbuster  rent all of the copies of  american nightmare  and hide them in your freezer .  
this movie had to be the worst horror movie i have ever seen . the acting was terrible  horrible and cheesy and talk about a predictable plot  i will never watch this movie again nor will i recommend this movie to anyone . what a waste of time  first  as soon as the movie began i realized what i got myself into . all they did for this movie was copy scenes from many other horror movies out there and bunched them all into this one movie . the prank phone calls  halloween night  a psycho  and one knife  its absolutely ridiculous . i was not scared at all during the movie  which i thought horror movies were supposed to do . as for the making of the movie  its pretty hilarious how they all talk about how this movie was so great and so scary . i mean how do you not realize that the movies is a cheap rip off of  scary movie  for example . at least get some good actors in there and then maybe it would have been pulled off as a good horror movie .  
when i read the back of the dvd case  i thought that it sounded really interesting . . . so . . . i had my mom throw it into the pile of movies in the   for   dollars  section at blockbuster . when we got home and popped in the movie . . . twenty minutes into it  we found ourselves turning to each other going  this sucks . let  s put in something else .  i  ll admit  a few of the lines from the friends at the caf made us smile a little bit . but come on  at least get some decent actors  every once in a while in a movie  if the acting is bad and the movie isn  t going at a painfully slow pace and actually seems interesting  i can gut it out and get a few laughs at how they  re over  or under  doing their lines . but i can only take so much . crying scenes looked like the actors were having hysterical fits of laughter  there was no delivery for their lines . . . amateur doesn  t even come close to the acting in this film .  br    br   anyone who came on here saying that this film was good had to have been on some really good drugs while they were watching the movie . it  s the most pointless thing i  ve ever had the displeasure of watching . do not watch or buy this movie       
when it comes to horror movies  i am more than willing to suspend disbelief  ignore sub  par production values  and overlook plot holes in the interest of a good scare . this movies simply has no good scares to offer . it can  t even be enjoyed as camp . bad dialogue  bad acting  bad direction  the kills were predictable and poorly staged  the music was annoying  the camera work was wretched  even the costumes were bad . i felt really bad for the actors  who were obviously trying  but who had to deal with terrible  contrived dialogue and an obvious lack of direction . i doubt they got any rehearsal  either . it  s embarrassing to watch  and so boring than making it through to the contrived  surprise  ending requires tremendous endurance . it  s quite easily one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen .  br    br   i don  t normally write reviews  but this one was so bad that i felt compelled to warn others . this movie is a complete waste of time . if you must watch this movie  don  t miss the  making of   featurette . the writer  director seems to be under the impression that making the killer a woman was kind of bold  daring move .  seen it .  he and the cast spend half an hour deconstructing this film as if it  s a new  age  citizen kane .  it  s like listening to a group of third  graders take you behind the scenes of their christmas pageant . they truly think they  ve created something of substance . it  s sad  really the only reason i gave this movie a    is because i think    should be reserved for true atrocities  like  manos hands of fate  and  space mutiny .  so  american nightmare  isn  t the worst movie i  ve ever seen  but i  d have to say that it  s somewhere in the bottom fifty .  
in texas  seven friends meet in a bar to celebrate the halloween night before going to a party . meanwhile  they call the american nightmare pirate radio for fun and confess their innermost fears . a serial killer  who is listening to their confessions  makes their nightmares come true  killing each one of them in a sadistic way .  american nightmare  is a weird low budget movie that has a horrible beginning without any previous explanation  a woman kills two couples in an isolated camping area  as if it were friday    th . then  the story shifts to a bar  where seven friends are celebrating halloween . from this moment on  the story has a great potential  and the unknown cast has a very reasonable performance  showing also some beautiful breasts and naked bodies  as usual in this type of c production . however  the end of the screenplay does not provide any explanation for the killing instinct and motives for the behavior of the nurse jane toppan  giving the sensation that the budget ended before the finalization of the shooting . with a better beginning and conclusion  this weird story would be a good low budget slasher movie . my vote is four .  br    br   title  brazil    agonia    agony    
the premise is amazing and the some of the acting  notably sally kellerman and anthony rapp  is charming . . . but this film is near unwatchable . the music sounds as if it comes from some sort of the royalty free online site and the lyrics as if they were written with a rhyming dictionary open on the lap . most of the singing is off  key . i think they may have filmed with the singing accapella and put in the music under it . . . the dialogue is really stupid and trite . the movie works best when it is actually talking about the real estate but unfortunately it strays to often into stupid farcical sub  plots . i found myself checking my watch after ther first twenty minutes and after   wondering  when is it ever going to end .   
so you might be reading some of the comments posted on this film  and you might be thinking to yourself   huh . there were sure a bunch of rave reviews posted on december   .  funny thing is  most of these rave reviews sound like they  re coming from the same person  or at best a small  coordinated group of  open house  groupies . the truth  my friends  is that this film is truly unwatchable . just because it  s  independent  doesn  t mean it gets a free pass . if you  re going to make a musical  whether on film or on stage  whether on broadway or at the local community playhouse  you should probably make sure that  a .  your actors can sing   b .  your actors can dance   c .  you have decent sound equipment   d .  you have a well  written score  and  e .  you have lyrics that are witty and charming . even anthony rapp can  t save this one . it  s one of those unfortunate movie  going experiences where i actually felt deeply embarrassed for everyone involved .  
i feel totally ripped off . someone needs to refund the   .   i spent at blockbuster to rent this homemade mess . this is not a musical it is a complete waste of time and my evening . what i don  t get is why did this get distributed in the first place    . . . somebody must have been doing some heavy drugs the night that deal was made . i  ve seen better films come out of film schools and i have been to film school so i can say that as a fact . the quality of this work is also just so very bad to view . . . shot on dv    nuff said . the songs are not songs but just banter that sounds the same in every section . want to see a good musical  then don  t rent this movie .  
the single worst film i  ve ever seen in a theater . i saw this film at the austin film festival in      and it blew my mind that this film was accepted to a festival . it was an interesting premise  and seemed like it could go somewhere  but just fell apart every time it tried to do anything . first of all  if you  re going to do a musical  find someone with musical talent . the music consisted of cheesy piano playing that sounded like they were playing it on a stereo in the room they were filming . the lyrics were terribly written  and when they weren  t obvious rhymes  they were groan  inducing rhymes that showed how far they were stretching to try to make this movie work . and you  d think you  d find people who could sing when making a musical  right  not in this case . luckily they were half talking  half singing in rhyme most of the time  but when they did sing it made me cringe . especially when they attempted to sing in harmony . and that just addresses the music . some of the acting was pretty good  but a lot of the dialog was terrible  as well as most of the scenes . they obviously didn  t have enough coverage on the scenes  or they just had a bad editor  because they consistently jumped the line and used terrible choices while cutting the film . at least the director was willing to admit that no one wanted the script until they added the hook of making it a musical . i hope the investors make sure someone can write music before making the same mistake again .  
this movie was so terrible it was almost good . . . almost . we love musicals  but not this one . even with the terrible sound quality  poor cinematography  and many actors who can  t sing or dance  anthony rapp actually managed to give a good performance  especially toward the end  . the character marjorie  a drunk lady  was enjoyable to watch  too .  br    br   the plot is very unexpected and could have been funny without terrible singing and cheezy piano music . admittadly  some of the songs  fantabulous  are pretty catchy  but not in a good way  .  br    br   open house is a funny movie to watch simply because it is awful  we think it might be a good stage musical  with excellent actors  .  
normally  i have much better things to do with my time than write reviews but i was so disappointed with this movie that i spent an hour registering with imdb just to get it off my chest .  br    br   you would think a movie with names like morgan freeman or kevin spacey would be a bankable bet . . . well  this movie was just terrible . it is nigh on impossible to  suspend disbelief   i tried  really  i wanted to enjoy it but justin timberlake just wouldn  t let me .  br    br   timberlake should stick to music  what a dreadful performance  no presence as an actor  no character . can  t blame everything on justin the movie also boast a dreadful plot  badly timed editing its definitely an  f  .  br    br   after seeing this  i have to wonder what really motivates actors . i mean  surely morgan actually read the script before taking the part . did he not see how poor it was  what then could motivate him to take the part  money  of course  acting is at times more about who you are seen with rather than really developing quality work .  br    br   ll cool j is a great actor he gets a lot more screen time than freeman or spacey in this movie and really struggles to come to terms with the poor script .  br    br   meanwhile  the audience goes  what the hell is going on here  you expect me to believe this crap    br    br   in short  apart from justin a great lineup badly executed  very disappointing .  
did heidijean really see this movie  a great christmas movie  not even close . dull  bland and completely lacking in imagination and heart . i kept watching this movie wondering who the hell thought that carly pope could play the lead in this movie  the woman has no detectable personality and gives a completely lackluster performance . baransky was great as usual and provided the only modicum of interesting the whole thing . probably her involvement was the only reason this project was green lighted to begin with . maybe i  m expecting too much for a lifetime movie played   days from christmas but i sat through this thing thinking that with a different director and a recasting jj with an actress that at least could elicit sympathy this could have been quite a cute little movie .  
carly pope plays jj  a newly promoted food critic whose flamboyant  overbearing mother moves in with her . jj  aghast at this turn of events  then blackmails restaurant owner  alex  to entertain her mother in exchange for  maybe  reviewing his dying restaurant . alex predictably falls for the daughter while warming to the mother . there are numerous problems with this movie  the characters are universally   dimensional . jj is a self  serving  hateful character  her mother superficial and shallow . jj  s colleagues at the magazine are bitchy and opportunistic . the underlying message of an over    woman unable to make it on her own  without male assistance is bad  bad  bad . the acting is uniformly dull  the script uninspired . the films only saving grace is the setting of new york city . i would so not recommend this film .  
i wasn  t expecting this to be a great movie  but neither was i expecting it to be so awful . i hated the mother character so much i had to turn the channel . i turned it back  hoping it was just one part of the movie  but no . and for the daughter to sit there take being embarrassed  or almost done out of a job  or driven to madness inside her own home  are you kidding me  i was raised to respect  and even fear  my mother but i  d put her up fast in the nearest hotel if she proved that annoying in my house . i was expected to follow a set of rules in my mother  s house  after all .  br    br   i didn  t buy any of it . i tried giving it several chances  i really did . sorry .  
i hate to sound like an  old person   but frankly i haven  t seen too many movies that i like that were made after     . . . generally  movies just seem to get worse and worse  although i quite enjoyed the scott baio vehicle  the bread  my sweet   except for the  de rigeur  sex scene which added nothing of value to that movie  . this movie makes the mother  a former las vegas chorus girl  seem to be incapable of surviving on her own  although she is clearly in her   s  though hinted at being in her   s  . i didn  t buy it . i  m   and like all the women i know in their   s and   s  more than capable of surviving on my own  as i have been doing since i graduated from high school at    got legally emancipated and set off on my own life  s journey .   br    br   the daughter is not believable in her job role . . . she gets a promotion she doesn  t deserve  a great opportunity  and drops that ball too  but when another female employee steps up to the plate and is ready to deliver  the writers shoot her down as an  opportunist   when she was just doing what any career  oriented person would do   taking advantage of a wide  open opportunity created by the lack of self  discipline of her coworker  a girl who apparently doesn  t understand the concept of honoring her promises  to her boss  in this case  .  br    br   the daughter grudgingly  allows  her mother to stay with her  on a temporary basis  but then treats her mother  the woman who gave her life and raised her to  adulthood   like a pariah . apparently the  writers  of tripe like this do not understand that it is not  the common thing  for parents to act like children  and then be treated as children by their children . that is just more of the societal  baloney  that hollywood keeps trying to force down our throats as though we  their public  were stupid for desiring to be entertained by their creative offerings .  br    br   this is a sad movie with a stupid ending . if the young male restauranteur had been real and not a two  dimensional  tv character   he  d have stayed with the mother  who was not that much older than him and quite attractive . but in the end he  falls  for the daughter  a shallow  rather uninteresting girl who has that cuteness of youth  but in an ordinary  bland way .  the  opportunist  young woman who worked with this nothing girl was far more attractive  physically .   br    br   there was no believable reason presented to the audience as to why the restauranteur preferred the daughter  who was an uptight  selfish  self  centered btch who treated her mother with unbelievable disrespect  to the mother   a woman who was kindhearted  sweet  tempered  humorous  and had a joie de vivre the daughter could not even begin to comprehend . of course the mother had her own flaws . . . she had reacted to her husband  s demise by drinking herself into a stupor for a year or two afterwards which supposedly created the rift between her and her smarmy daughter .  br    br   regardless of the way the characters were or were not developed  this is a baloney movie and a waste of your valuable viewing time unless you actually like baloney .  where  s the mustard    
having seen men behind the sun i guess i hoped for an evolution in style  technique to match the larger scale of this movie . i was also quite interested to see someone make a hard  hitting fact  based fictionalised account of what happened during this most notorious of japanese atrocities  but this is not it . this plays like a bottom  to  mid tier european nazi exploitation movie from the   s  e . g . ss experiment camp etc  perhaps more like deported women of the special section actually  . granted it has a greater scope and more people running around  but it resorts to the same cheap and cheerless device of lots of hapless non  actors limply falling over to the sound of ridiculously fake gunshots  spiced up with the occasional poorly executed  shock  sequence . the admittedly horrible documentary footage is roughly spliced in between scenes so hackneyed that even these real images are robbed of much of their power . watch channel   s  the holocaust   aired recently  still running    as of  no      for a genuinely disturbing documentary on the evils of war  featuring excellent in  context use of actual footage  . this is the type of treatment the horror of nanjing deserves  not this hackneyed exploitation garbage  a better executed exploitation movie minus the disrespectful use of stock footage would have been fine  but again this is not even a very good exploitation movie  . rating    as exploitation   as a treatment of the subject  .  
although  i had no earthly idea on what to expect from this movie  this sure as hell wasn  t what i would have had in mind  had anything actually come to mind . once i heard of its existence  all i knew was that i had to own a movie called please don  t eat the babies . unfortunately  i could only find a copy under its alternate title  island fury . looking back  i guess i could call it a lose  lose situation . on one hand  i still don  t get to be known as the guy who owns a movie called please don  t eat the babies  and on the other hand  island fury would ultimately reveal itself to be an awful  pointless  boring  unwatchable piece of garbage . yeah  definitely lose  lose .  br    br   i  m not even sure what genre they  re going for here . just early    s badness  with a flashback that might actually be longer than the non  flashback . first up  two teenage girls are being chased by two bad guys  once caught  the bad guys bring to our attention that one of the girls have a coin on a string  around her neck  and somehow  these bad guys know of a lot more of these coins hidden on an island somewhere . and this is where things start to get weird  somehow these guys know of a trip the girls took to some island  years earlier  when they were only   . i guess this is supposed to mean that the girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure is . so  now  we  re in the past  while the girls try to retrace their steps  so these bad guys don  t kill them  although  i wouldn  t have minded if they had . in the flashback  the   year old counterparts are on a boat trip with their sisters and the sisters boyfriends  eventually stopping by an island for some air  they get mixed up with some kid and his killer grandparents . any potential suspense or reasons to keep on watching never shows up  but the flashback was undeniably better than the present  which  still  isn  t saying much .  br    br   for a while there i had forgotten about the original story  at one point  i ithought maybe the director had too  and when the flashback ended  that would be the end  which would have worked for me considering this disappointment would have been a half  hour shorter . this pointless movie within a pointless movie does eventually end  and real stuff does happen  but it  s stupid . i guess i didn  t exactly expect a movie filled with infants being devoured  or anything like that  but i did expect some form of outlandish b  entertainment  mostly just a confusing  inept storyline  unsure of its genre . my advice would be to seek out something worthwhile like attack of the beast creatures . if anyone  i would only recommend this one to serious b  movie collectors who must have them all  anyone else interested probably has brain damage . what really gets me is that i still have no idea why they called it please don  t eat the babies .      
roommates sugar and bobby lee are abducted by menacing dudes while out shopping one day and taken back to a secluded island that the girls reluctantly tell the thugs that they last visited when they were ten years of age and that a fortune is located on . all that just pretty much bookends a movie that is pretty much one long flashback about the girls first visit to the island and subsequent fight with a cannibalistic family .  br    br   this one is extremely horribly acted by everyone involved to the point that i started feeling bad for poor hank worden who truly deserved much much better . as much as i didn  t like  barracuda   that  s on the same dvd  i have to admit that this film makes that one look like citizen kane .  br    br   eye candy one pair of tits  they might belong to kirsten baker   br    br   my grade f  br    br   dark sky dvd extras vintage ads for various drive  in food and trailers for  bonnie  s kids   features nudity    the centerfold girls    part  time wife   features nudity    psychic killer     eaten alive  . the dvd also comes with      s  barracuda   
this is available on a  drive in double feature  from dark sky films  and since i just had finished up  barracuda   i watched this too . this is a film that proves to be incredibly ambitious and inept at the same time .  br    br   we begin with two young ladies wandering the streets of some foreign town  but where exactly are they  they stop to look at necklaces from some chinese vendor  and try on chinese  style clothes at a shop  but then we see some aztec dancers  and all the while  these girls are being followed by two guys  who eventually drop whatever stealth they didn  t have to chase the girls on a wild run though the town  and they finally catch them .  br    br   it seems that one of the girls has a coin on a string around her neck  and these guys want to find the loot  and where did she get it  so  in flashback  we go back to find out . and how did they know she had this coin  hard to say  really .  br    br   now  back in the day  when these two women were   years old  they were out with their sisters and their sister  s boyfriends on a boat  and after stopped to get air in their tanks  they tow this young boy back to his home dock  only to have his grandpa come out  invite the  young  uns  up for herbal tea with granny . but not everyone has the tea  todd has gone back to the boat to check on the young girls  and then when they  re away from it  the boat blows up  and when they get back to the house their friends have mysteriously disappeared . well  it seems as though these  kindly folk  raise their own vegetables but they wait for the meat to drop by for a spell  and serve it herbal tea .  br    br   but the girls and todd did leave the island  but now  they  re returning  escorted by their captors  and they  re there to find the treasure  despite the fact that no one ever showed the girls where it was before . there also seems to be someone else on the island  and the thugs mysteriously begin to die  one by one  and since there  s only three  it doesn  t take long . and there  s even a sort of happy ending  which will leave the viewer every bit as baffled as they were throughout the rest of the film .  br    br   the two thugs seem to be speed freaks with anger issues  and combined with no acting ability they  re borderline hilarious . the hillbilly  type family is also devoid of acting ability  despite the fact that the grandpa is hank worden  who appeared in many films and tv shows . the action is confusing  the locales are even more confusing  and the island looks like southern california .  br    br   so what the hell is this  i  m not sure  but it certainly is worth seeing once so you can think  or say   huh   out of    very bizarre .  
first of all i just want to say that i love this show    but this episode . . . this episode makes a mockery of the entire show .  br    br   i don  t know what they tried to achieve with this episode but they successfully created the worst episode in the entire series .  br    br   there is no story line  everything is chaotic and the jokes . . . . . are crap .  br    br   the way they tried to answer some of the remaining questions in the game . . . . . for example  how do the furlings look like  by creating that stupid  previously on . . .  . . . . . . is simply embarrassing .  br    br   its clear that the writers are running out of ideas and that is really too bad .  
this really should deserve a  o  rating  or even a negative ten . i watched this show for ages  and the show jumped the shark around series  . this episode  however  is proof that the show has jumped the shark . it  s writing is lazy  absurd  self  indulgent and not even worthy of rubbish like beavis and butthead .  br    br   it is quite possible to be ridiculous and still be fun   pirates of the caribbean  the mummy  count of monte cristo   all  fun  movies that are not to be taken seriously . however  there is such thing as ridiculous as in  this is the worst thing i  ve ever seen .  and indeed  this is the worst episode of stargate i  ve ever seen . it  s absolutely dreadful  and this coming from someone with a stargate in her basement .  br    br   makes me want to sell all of my stargate props  most seriously .  
i don  t remember the last time i reacted to a performance as emotionally as i did to justin timberlake  s in  edison .  i got so emotional i wanted to scream in anguish  destroy the screen  readily accept the hopeless cries of nihilism . timberlake is horribly miscast in fact  casting him is like casting andy dick to play the lead role in  patton   or nathan lane to play jesus . but that is almost beside the point .  br    br   timberlake is simply a bad actor and he would be equally terrible in any role . i used to have problems with ben affleck  s acting talent  but timberlake makes affleck look like sir ian mckellen or dame judi dench . with his metrosexual lisp  read lithp   his boyish glances and emotional expressions which derive from something like  the   clich expressions for actors   he poisons the screen upon which he is inflicted mercilessly  and no matter how you slice it  i do not and will not buy his role as an amateur  turned  crusader  for  justice journalist . it simply will not fly .  br    br   however  timberlake alone isn  t to blame for his failure . director david j . burke puts him not only in the  essentially  primary role  but also places him aside morgan freeman  kevin spacey  john heard  dylan mcdermott  cary elwes and  i  m surprised he was as good  ll cool j . i can imagine one almost physically suffering watching some of this cast interact with timberlake .  br    br   there is an upside to this of course the moment any of these actors interact without justin there it feels like a double relief . a pleasure  if you will . freeman and spacey may not have more than   minutes of screen time alone together  but that ten minutes is blissful in contrast to their scenes with our so  called hero . dylan mcdermott is also a breath of fresh air .  br    br   but enough of timberlake bashing  words aren  t enough in this particular case to do the trick .  edison  is a very  very run  of  the  mill corruption story . it  s plot ranges from clich to simply preposterous . i do  however  admire the motivation behind making it  which i interpret as an homage to films like  serpico   or  donnie brasco   or maybe even  chinatown .  don  t get me wrong   edison  is not even in the same ballpark as these films  but i can stretch my suspension of disbelief to admire its reason for existence  perhaps to justify my sitting through it .  br    br   the script  in and of itself  features some surprisingly bad writing . yes  it has some decent interchanges  but any conversation between piper perabo  who is wasted here  and timberlake seems like it was lifted straight out of a dawson  s creek episode . it  s your typical far  too  glib  for  reality  let  s  impress  the  audience  with  how  well  we  articulate  and fail  dialogue . this dialogue  mind you  is punctuated by great music at the wrong moments  sometimes it feels like  edison  wants to morph into a music video  where the emotion of the scene is not communicated through acting  but precisely through the badly chosen music and variant film speeds  read slow  motion  .  br    br   thinking about it   edison  is a curiosity . it  s sure as hell got a cast to kill for but the performances are marred by timberlake who simply doesn  t work . in film as in most art  if one thing is off  the whole thing feels off . directors must make tough choices . david j . burke missed the mark here . some of the scenes play well in and of themselves  but as a whole  they don  t seem to fit like puzzle pieces from different puzzles forced into one incoherent picture . and it  s not particularly an exciting puzzle to begin with .  
i bought bloodsuckers on ebay a while ago . i watched parts and deemed it just too dumb to review again . the excessive amount of watery  blood  at the beginning is just plain obsolete  not to mention the  whip  around  wind sounds . my friends and i made a super low budget movie  and the effects still exceeded this crap fest .  br    br   as for the amount of mistakes in this movie  there are way too many to count . i knew one of the actors  believe it or not  he was my theatre teacher . ha   br    br   final verdict don  t bother with this  horror  flick .  br    br    stars  out of a possible     
   minutes  and it felt twice that long  brief crossing is not brief enough . indeed  the first   minutes or so consist almost entirely of a dialogue  more of a monologue  really  of a woman approaching middle age  tediously droning about  men   disappointment  sex  aging  and her recent breakup  to a french teenager she met in the ship  s cafeteria .  br    br   the tedious monologue continues as they go to duty  free shop  and to a bar  where finally her self  involved rant pushes him away . the  story  can  t end there  of course  so she persuades him to listen to her drone on more as she brings him to her cabin .  br    br   what little romance  sex  or for that matter  anything at all this film has besides bitter rantings is hardly enough to justify the price of a rental unless you are one of those who love dramas where nothing interesting happens at all . yes  the ending is very nicely done  but it is scant reward to subject yourself to what amounts to a turning your living room into a virtual therapy session with a narcissistic whiner .  br    br   of course  some people like it . i could be wrong .  
it has its merit  s morvern callar is both the merits and the disappointments . she  s so enigmatic  so original . is it her method of dealing with the pain of a lost one that  s making her so distant and un  relatable  or is she as one reviewer called her a revolutionary  personally i  d call her dysfunctional .  br    br   morvern is completely detaching herself . disposing of her boyfriend  not thinking of informing family or using the money he gave her for a proper funeral  she selfishly splashes out on a trip to spain . she  s seems so devoid of anything relatively human bar greed . the only element that enables the audience see the human side of her is her close friend she takes on holiday with her . although by the end her friend is dumped and morvern has nothing that ties her down to humanity . she may as well have killed herself .  br    br   despite managing to make spain look as gloomy and bland as the uk the director  s shots were superb  the lighting and color made the film visually stunning .  br    br   it  s really a shame the movie has nothing in it that keeps interest . it  s little over   minutes but feels a lot longer . they manage to make morvern seem interesting to grab your attention but do nothing with her only alienate her from you more to the point where you don  t care about the characters or the film .  
my wife and i watch a film every night with no distractions  and mostly artsy films that require thought . i have tons of patience for films that are slow to blossom . my wife has double the attention span that i do . all that being said   this film is just plain empty and boring  it went nowhere . never blossomed . it started fairly strong with a promising plot . . . then she bakes cookies . . . goes to spain . . . . she sulks  she stares . . . . the credits roll . uneven  full of holes  false starts  dead ends . we ff  d through several extended sequences of her just staring off into space . artificial depth was implied when she played with the mud and cried . zzzz . . . . . . it  s like a beautifully shot chick  flick that  s pretending to be deep or artsy . you never get to know nor understand morvern at all . about halfway through you just don  t care anymore . we just wanted to see at least one of the plot lines develop . don  t waste your time on this . i  m shocked it scores so high .  
nothing happens .  br    br   then characters with no personality don  t develop .  br    br   then the end never comes because there  s no beginning and no middle .  br    br   there are beautiful shots that are made not beautiful because they aren  t even allowed to be  because this movie isn  t even there . there  s no  is  in this movie because there  s no plot or characters or themes or ideas or symbolism or discussion or dialog or point . there  s nothing   br    br   there is a good point it has a good soundtrack . but the sound editing is such and the movie proper is such that watching it isn  t even worth your time  so if you  re really interested  i  d suggest going and buying the soundtrack or something . you  ll get everything you can from this movie without all the fatigue  headache  and impatience .  br    br     polarisdib  
there are a lot of pretentious people out there who will pretend that this is endowed with some kind of beautiful meaning  and that ignorant fools like me don  t  get  it . obviously this means that we should stick to hollywood dross .  br    br   it has every  a  hem  artistic clich in the book  i guess it is good that the director is one of the chosen few . almost a self parody drowning in its own pretense .  br    br   the director of the  almost equally embarrassing  movie  ratcatcher  returns with another piece wallowing in artistic nonsense it is difficult to understand and apparently is a study of alienation . the best way to describe this film is alienating for its viewers .  
it was probably just my dvd    but i would not recommend that anyone try to watch this picture on a dvd .  br    br   i had to turn up the volume on my tv to the highest possible level  in order to hear about   percent of the dialog . some of the talking still remained sub  audible . if you  re from scotland  you might have a chance  albeit a slim one .  br    br   peoples voices were drowned out by nearly all ambient sounds  including unwrapping a package  footsteps  even puffing on a cigarette .  br    br   with the volume turned up to a level at which voices can be heard  i can guarantee that at least one of your neighbors will phone the police when the scene changes to a loud environment  such as a disco . and that you will injure yourself diving for the remote to turn it back down .  br    br   there is art and there is art  even in the field of audio mixing . but this effort  in a time of war  would meet international criteria to be classified as an atrocity .  br    br   after about a half hour  i gave up  having seen nothing else redeeming in the picture  either .  
when a movie of a book seems pointless and incomprehensible  the cause can invariably be found in the book either it was pointless to start with  or the point is one not easily conveyed to film  or the movie missed the point  which is the most frequent of these results  and the easiest to happen  especially when the point is one not easily defined . the book  morvern callar  has a point every reader of the book must have felt this  and felt as if he had gotten it but i suspect most of them could not state it in words . i  m not sure i can  myself  but perhaps it comes to this  or something like it things come  things go  such is life  but we carry on or at any rate some of us   people like morvern   do . no doubt a more erudite critic could construct a more adequate definition . but the important fact is that there is a point   possibly the sum of the entire story is the point   and that this would have been the main thing to keep in view  and to carry over  in adapting the story to film . the maker of this film evidently missed the point  and doesn  t substitute one of her own and so the film is about nothing .  br    br   this is not the usual complaint of a book  lover that his favorite text has been violated . the merit of the book is something i conceded grudgingly in reading it i found it a bloody nuisance  and an occasion for kicking the author in the pants and getting him in to finish the job properly . the narrative is supposed to be the work of the half  educated morvern  but that illusion is constantly dispelled by a dozen different types of literary effect  as if the author were poking at her with his pen there are inconsistencies of style and tone  as if different sections had been composed at different times and any conclusions i could reach about morvern had to remain tentative because it was uncertain which implications the author intended and which he did not for instance  despite morvern  s own self  characterization as a raver  am i wrong that in the end she remains essentially a working  class scots girl  and beneath her wrapping of music downloads not so different from those of generations past  in any case  despite my irritation at the author  i couldn  t deny that his book stuck with me and what i couldn  t get out of my head was his character  s attitude  her angle on the world  which was almost as vivid as a goya portrait . morvern is the kind of person who  s always encountering situations at once rather comic and rather horrible occasionally she invites them but more often they land on her  like flies  so that much of her life consists of a kind of gauche but graceful slogging  through  unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical   and that doesn  t begin to describe it idiosyncratically enough . the complex of incidents and of morvern  s responses to them are the substance of the book  and its achievement  in exposing a cross  section of existence it would be difficult to illuminate otherwise for all my dislike of the book  i can see this .  br    br   the morvern just described is not the morvern of the movie or if it is  most of her is kept offscreen . an actress who might have been a good fit for the character  had she been the right age at the right time  is angharad rees  from the old tv series  poldark  . samantha morton  then  would seem like good casting she  s rather the same sort of actress  and in one of her earlier movies   jesus  son   she played a girl who with a few adjustments could have been turned into this one . unfortunately  as the film turned out  she doesn  t have the character from the book to play . for one thing  the book is one that  if it is to be dramatized  virtually cries out for monologues by the main character to the audience without her comments  her perspective  her voice  the story loses most of its meaning . it has lost more of it in that the adaptor has expurgated it of its comic and horrible elements the most memorable incidents from the book are curtailed before they turn grotty  and so morvern  s responses  whether of amusement or distaste  depending on her mood  are missing too  and the incidents no longer have a reason for being in the story . in short  the filmmaker chose for some reason to turn a brisk  edgy serio  comic novel into a genteel art tv film  and chose as her typical image one of ms . morton languishing in a artistically shaded melancholy as if the outing morvern signs up for were a tour of the stations of the cross . this isn  t at all what the book  or the morvern of the book  was about . for another thing  the morvern of the movie isn  t scottish  the actress said in an interview she hadn  t had time to study up the accent   and she ought to be it  s important that she  her family  and her mates are all from a single place . and finally the film is missing the end of the story morvern  s spending all she has and coming home to icy darkness it  s winter  the dam has frozen  the power has gone out  and the pub is dark . minus this  and minus all of the rest  what  s left is a failed art film  a dead film  about a subject whose strength lay precisely in her refusal  or native inability  ever to give in to being dead .  
lynne ramsey makes arresting images  and samantha morton can summon feeling with a gesture . so what a drag to discover their talents wasted on this mannered  pretentious lark .  br    br   ramsey can  t bring callar to life . her attempts are too arty and oblique . repeatedly her camera lingers on long silent shots of the agonizing actress as if morton  s obliterated gaze alone could supply character . we are in a blank warholian hell of self  indulgence for a film that has minutes to spare on bugs crawling across the floor  you might think it could get round to fleshing out its protagonist . but how will it do so if she rarely speaks  without the novel  s interior monologue  the celluloid morvern callar is nobody . small wonder ramsey has morton undress often .  br    br   that said  the first ten minutes were so impressively acted  shot and edited that my hopes were soaring . give the film that much it knows how to make promises  if not how to keep any .  
i have to admit that i stuck this one out thinking something would have to happen  besides the dead body in the first scenes . . . and her disposal of him . i was wrong . it was a cinema verite of betty hits the beach encased for the first part by mordant morven . i really don  t care what young lassies from scotland do these days  who thy screw  what drugs they take . visually  the stroll through the cabo de gata in andalucia was pleasant and surely the high point for me . the nadir was the chop shop for her dead boyfriend . as the movie came to a close i had two thoughts . . .  . that  s all there is   . now i see why her boyfriend killed himself . rename it .  bare bitch boredom  or what i did on my trip to spain .  i  m such a sucker for sticking these things out .  
my dad is a fan of columbo and i had always disliked the show . i always state my disdain for the show and tell him how bad it is . but he goes on watching it none the less . that is his right as an american i guess . but my senses were tuned to the series when i found out that spielberg had directed the premier episode . it was then that i was thankful that my dad had bought this show that i really can  t stand . i went through his dvd collection and popped this thing in when i came home for a visit from college . my opinion of the series as a whole was not swayed  but i did gain respect for spielberg knowing that he started out like most low tier directors . and that is making small dribble until the big fish comes along  get the pun  ha  ha . like spielberg did . it  s like jesus before he became a man . or thats at least what i think that would feel like . any ways if your fan of columbo than you would most likely like this  even though it contains little of peter falk . i attribute this to the fact this is the start of the series and no one knew where to go with it yet . this episode mainly focuses on the culprit of the crime instead of columbo  s investigation  as many later episodes would do .  
my girlfriend once brought around the zombie chronicles for us to watch as a joke . little did we realize the joke was on her for paying   for it . while watching this film i started to come up with things i would rather be doing than watching the zombie chronicles . these included  br    br     drinking bleach   rubbing sand in my eyes   writing a letter to brad sykes and garrett clancy   re  enacting the american civil war   tax returns   gcse maths   sex with an old lady .  br    br   garrett clancy  aka sgt . ben draper wrote this  the guy couldn  t even dig a hole properly . the best ting he did was kick a door down  the best part of the film  . this was the worst film i have ever seen  and i  ve seen white noise the light . never has a film had so many mistakes in it . my girlfriend left it here  so now i live with the shame of owning this piece of crap .  br    br   news just in owen wilson watched this film and tried to kill himself . fact .  br    br   do not watch  
i  m a fan of arty movies  but regretfully i have to report this movie to be pretentious drivel . agonisingly slow to develop a non  existent plot based on a promising premise  the experience is  shall we say  trying . even after bad movies i feel that i learn something  or enjoyed some aspect  but there there was nothing to appreciate . the premise was not uninteresting  but the movie starts and ends there . the acting was ok  though the characters were utterly boring . for the protagonist to aim at such an audacious goal  she is mightily empty . pity . i usually enjoy movies that are unformulaic  but lack of formula should not be confused with zero content .  
it a bit peculiar that a story that is placed in a part of oslo where a very high percentage of the local residents is from an asian background does not even show one asian or african person  not even as an extra . that fact probably describes norwegian race relations in general .  however .  br    br   no spoilers  only a brief introductory description  br    br   buddy portrays four young people living in a flat  share in oslo . the protagonist are two young men that don  t manage to direct their life in any serious fashion  and one might say that the film could be about being indecisive and avoiding responsibility  a sort of fear of growing up . the narrative plays on typical teenage dreams and fantasies and lifestyle role models . quite the clich . although the story is mildly funny  the acting is good and as a  young person  one can sort of identify with the characters crazy  situations and complicated love affairs  i don  t find the story or the characters very believable . to polished and lacking in depth . this film uses all the classic audience pleasing tricks to make an entertaining film that has as much intellectual depth as friends   yes that show on tv  .  br    br   has norwegian film finally found its identity   audience pleasers in well known american style .  br    br   how about watching lukas moodysson  s tillsammans  together  .  
since  rugrats   falling from the category of good and funny cartoon series to a mediocre and indeed outright horrible fare for two year olds in the past three or four years  obviously the tyrants at klasky  csupo should be out of ideas . after dumbing down all of the characters  adding even stupider new ones  replacing some voices  though i like nancy cartwright  she is not chucky finster    and having no sense of continuity  ex .  in a kimi episode i watched the other day  tommy and chucky each got a new puppy but it subsequent episode  the aforementioned dogs never appear   you  d think the creators could kill the show for mercy . but noooo .  br    br   all i will say concerning this special is that it sucks  while not as horrible as the kimi episodes  everyone is even stupider than they were  including grandpa  my god  he used to be the best character on the show  but now  he has no real purpose  . the ending is needlessly fluffy  and the only thing different between this and other crappy new episodes          is that the kids can interact with adults . whoa  what fun   br    br   no stars at all for  the rugrats all growed up  . klasky  csupo  please destroy this show before it gets any worse .  
comments contain spoilers i was barely holding on to this show as appointment tv when they started the annoying music under every scene  when don epps was averaging almost a shooting per case  when the very nasally diane farr was obviously pregnant  but we weren  t to notice  and when colby was a fg triple agent . but now  in tonight  s episode  david is trapped with a paranoid  nut job who is an obvious amateur with a gun  in an elevator and . . . . he can  t disarm him . a trained  experienced field agent who has been  st through the door many times and is experienced in hand  to  hand fighting  can  t take out a nut job . not when said nut job blinks  looks away  drops his head  closes his eyes not even when he looks up at the fiber optic wire wriggling around the ceiling like a stripper on a pole for   seconds .  br    br   then the scene came that let me know that as much as i enjoy learning from the chubby  frumpish but very charming charles epps and his sexy sidekick  love interest amita  my friday nights will be better spent otherwise engaged . don gives david the  distress word  that is the code for  the st is about to go down   david is ready  they kill the lights  drop the elevator  startle the nut job and . . . . . .  br    br   david cannot disarm  kill  beat into submission the nut job . the bad guy ends up with both guns  david ends up shot .  br    br   i  m done . hope the numb  rs are fun .  
here  let me wave my hands over the keyboard  i  ll tell you what salad she  s going to order . over and over  works like a charm he  s such a genius  omg how does he do it  my bullshit detector freaks if i even pass this show when i  m scanning channels  i have to be very careful  these days it  s useful far too often  so i don  t need it getting broken on idiotic crap like this . . . careful with that remote   . is this supposed to be some fascist propaganda to make people believe in some invisible realm of uberman control and mastery  or what  why does it exist    br    br   this is the most inane show  completely unbelievable and contrived  and i cannot understand why it  s still on the air . so may geeks give so much better shows such a hard time  sarah connor chronicles  true blood   but give this nonsensical drivel a pass . shows like firefly  if there were any like that  fall away after a season  but mindless stuff like this that makes zero logical sense just keeps marching on . yeccch .  
as an engineer  i must say this show  s first season started out very promising . most of the applied mathematics were somewhat plausible  and the relationships portrayed between the eppes brothers and father gave the show an interesting edge .  br    br   but after the first season  the show started degrading  heavily . most of the mathematics and technology used in crime solving is now utter gibberish and very laughable to all people involved in science  technology for real .  br    br   the involvement from the actors still feels okay and i can imagine a fair amount of money is still going into producing each episode  but in the end  this has degraded to a very unpleasantly tasting dish which is a mix of a grade c action thriller and csi style cop show .  br    br   if you are gonna watch it  go for only the first season and possibly parts of the second . thereafter i would not waste my time . myself  i gave the show up midway through season  .  br    br   season    stars season    stars season    stars  br    br   let  s sum that up to  stars . since charlie doesn  t know his math anymore  i won  t bother with the correctness of mine either .  
after watching a dozen episodes  i decided to give up on this show since it depicts in an unrealistic manner what is mathematical modeling . in the episodes that charlie would predict the future behavior of individuals using mathematical models  i thought that my profession was being joked about . i am not a mathematician  instead a chemical engineer  but i do work a lot with mathematical models . so i will try to explain to the layman why what is shown is close to  make  believe  of fairy tales .  br    br   first  choosing the right model to predict a situation is a demanding task . charlie eppes is shown as a genius  but even him would have to spend considerable time researching for a suitable model  specifically for trying to guess what someone will do or where he will be in the near future . individuals are erratic and haphazard  there is no modeling for them . isaac asimov even wrote about that in the      s . even if there were a model for specific kind of individual  it would be a probabilistic  stoichastic  one  meaning it has good chance of making a wrong prediction .  br    br   second  supposing the right model for someone or a situation is found  the model parameters have to be known . these parameters are the constants of the equations  such as the gravity acceleration   .  m  s    and often are not easy to determine . again  charlie eppes would have to be someone beyond genius to know the right parameters for the model he chooses . and after the model and the parameters are chosen  they would have to be tested . oddly  they are not  and by miracle  they fit exactly the situation that is being predicted .  br    br   third  a very important aspect of modeling is almost always neglected  not only by numbers  but also by sci  fi movies the computational effort required for solving these models . try to make excel solve a complex model with many equations and variables and one will find doing a herculean job . even if charlie eppes has the right software to solve his models  he might be stuck with hardware that will be dreadfully slow . and even with the right software  hardware combination  the model solution might well take days to be reached . he solves them immediately  i could use his computer in my research work  i would be very glad .  br    br   as a drama  it is far from being the best show . the characters are somewhat stereotyped  but not even remotely funny as those in big bang theory are . the crimes are dull and the way charlie eppes solves them sometimes make the fbi look pretty incompetent .  br    br   for some layman  the show might work . for others  the way things are handled makes it difficult to swallow   
the  math  aspect to this is merely a gimmick to try to set this tv show apart from the millions of other cop shows . the only redeeming aspect to this show is rob morrow  although his career must have been  undeservedly  waning after northern exposure if he signed up for this schlock .  br    br   the lame  ness of the  math  aspect to the show is encapsulated in one episode co  starring lou diamond phillips  which just confirms that this show is the last refuge of the damned .  in order to catch a fugitive  the  mathematician  uses some theory about  bubbles  . so  he gives this long explanation that  if we have seen the suspect in places a  b and c  then we can use  bubble theory  to calculate where he might be . he does this all on a chalkboard  or maybe with a stick in the dirt  i cant remember  .  br    br   anyway  when you look at the finished product  he basically took three spots  and picked a point right in the middle and said  ok  mathematically  here  s where we are most likely to find the fugitive .  at which point  one other character points out  oh  that point also happens to be the cabin where the guy used to live .  is that math  its not even connect  the  fkg  dots    this show reminds me of the math major i used to work with in banking who had a mathematical analysis he could do to  support  points that every one else had already agreed on through either less  complex analysis or basic common sense .  br    br   it just goes to show   when you  re a hammer  everything looks like a nail . i can  t wait til they stick the numb  rs team on osama . . . they  ll use calculus  call an airstrike in the middle of the mountains  and hit osama and not even scratch the five children he uses as human shields . . . cuz hey . . . its all about the numbers .  br    br   totally ludicrous tv show .  
this is really really bad . lamas shows just how a second rate actor does his job . but what makes it worth watching is the scene where oj angrily grabs a fellow cop by the throat as if to kill them while the jukebox plays a song with the lyric  i got the evidence on you   .  makes me want to hear the rest of the lyrics  attributed to david gregoli and leslie oren but i couldn  t find it on itunes  . talk about seeing into the future . . . too funny for words . the rest of the movie is forgettable . the score and songs are more interesting than the script . ditto the sequel . which begs the question of why they would do a sequel at all . my understanding was that foreign sales drives a lot of these b movies . doesn  t say much for the world  s viewing habits .  
  cia codenamealexa  is an absolute horrible rip off of luc besson  s classic film  la femme nikita        . the film is basically about a woman who is taken in and trained by the cia and is forced to do a secret mission for them .  pretty much the same story structure of la femme nikita  the acting combo of lorenzo lamas and o . j . simpson is perhaps the worst in cinema history . lamas   acting  is simply a bad steven segal impersonation . watching orenthal act in this film is an excruciating experience .  br    br   the writing and acting is so poor in this film at times it is laughable . there are so many action movie  conventions  in the film it is ridiculous unnecessary car explosions  people flying thru glass windows  terrorists  bad ponytails  etc . the musical score resembles david michael frank  s score for  hard to kill         which furthers the steven segal theme of this movie . there is plenty of martial arts in the film  and it is pretty well done for a low budget american production . the mindless action and over the top acting never lets up  and i have to admit i was mildly entertained .  br    br   lorenzo lamas had the look of an action star back in the early    s but he is certainly no action star  that is why he is doing soap operas and not action blockbusters . my recommendation is that you skip  cia codenamealexa  and check out  la femme nikita  instead .  
i don  t understand how   of us  receive such a high rating . . . i thought that the first half dragged on and the second half didnt make sense  followed by an unresolved climax which was not worth the trouble . however  i did like jared harris  performance of john lennon which was worth the wasted  hours .  
lorenzo lamas stars as some type of cia agent  who captures some exotic beauty named alexa  kidnaps her daughter and forces her to fight her former employers . o . j simpson is also on board to provide a dash of acting credibility for the not so talented ensemble . i must admit i  m not a fan of lorenzo lamas  or his movies . he stinks . however when compared to o . j simpson and lamas  comatose wife kinmont  lamas seems like ah  jean  claude van damme . i only saw cia because of the renewed interest around the o . j simpson trial  you see because if your parents had cable and the extra channels  you couldn  t escape this movie . in     you could go to an amish community and some moron would have this playing in their portable tv . the movie itself is a collection of lame action sequences and would be intrigue although the shock value of o . j simpson jumping after fireballs and exchanging would be one liners do provide some unintentional humor . also where was bobby knight and kobe bryant to make this a complete camp classic   br    br    out of    bad   
spoiler alert in this generic and forgettable action movie  lorenzo lamas does his usual tough guy  pretty boy act  and his future real life ex kathleen kinmont is ass kicking hot chick alexa . oj simpson is a detective  coasting by on his since vanished genial public persona . translation cable tv filler . there isn  t enough skin to qualify this as a guilty pleasure .  br    br   the script has some gaping holes . best  worst moment in one jarring scene  oj  s partner expresses his aversion to the morgue . oj responds that some of the bodies are pretty hot  or words to that effect . this vague necrophilia reference is offensive enough but in light of the murders committed shortly after this movie was released  it is truly appalling  and therefore entertaining in an unintentional  horrible way . i was so startled that i laughed until champagne came out of my nose . now that  s a guilty pleasure . bc  
as an impressionable   year old  i liked the  love conquers all  philosophy of the   s sitcom  bridget loves bernie .  i did understand the controversy  which was about the romantic complications between a jewish cab driver  david birney  and an irish catholic school teacher  meredith baxter  and both sets of parents  harold j . stone and bibi osterwald as bernie  s parents audra lindley and david doyle as bridget  s parents  who have issues with the young couple  s interfaith marriage .  br    br   looking at the show now with years of personal life experiences  i am amazed that the show was even a success for one  albeit  highly  rated season . created by veteran tv writer bernard slade  who a few years after the show  s cancellation would write the successful play  same time  next year    bridget loves bernie  was a very light  superficial comedy that collapsed under its own airy weight .  br    br   there was no denying the real  life chemistry between birney and baxter . but  in later years  both actors have shown that they are better actors in other projects  birney in his short  lived role in  st . elsewhere  and baxter in  family  and  family ties   . here  they were trying to breathe life in a show that needed a much gritter comic edge  which might have given the complications more depth to a very controversial subject .  br    br   the show aired saturday nights between two cbs powerhouses  all in the family  and  mary tyler moore  . both of those shows were smart  funny and had enough of an edge  more so on the former that the latter  that kept my interest in the situation and the characters .  bridget loves bernie  was not very smart and only had some occasional chuckles .  br    br   this was another example of a show that really was not as good as i remembered .  
this film was hard to get a hold of  and when i eventually saw it the disappointment was overwhelming . i mean  this is one of the great stories of the twentieth century an unknown man takes advantage of the unsuspecting airline industry and gets away with millions in ransom without hurting anyone or bungling the attempt . with all of this built  in interest  how could anyone make such a lackluster  talk  laden flick of this true  life event . while williams is always interesting  the screenwriters assumed that the d . b . cooper persona was stereotypically heroic like a movie star  s what we get is a type  without any engaging details or insights into the mind of a person daring enough and clever enough to have pulled it off . harrold practically steals the movie with her spunk and pure beauty  but the real letdown was in the handling of the plot and the lame direction . shame on this film for even existing .  
as someone who likes chase scenes and was really intrigued by this fascinating true  life tale  i was optimistic heading into this film but too many obstacles got into the way of the good story it should have been .  br    br   the bad  i  m a fan of robert duvall and many of the characters he has played  but his role here is a dull one as an insurance investigator .  br    br   the dialog is insipid and the pretty kathryn harrold is real garbage  mouth . from what i read  there were several directors replacing each other on this film  and that  s too bad . you can tell things aren  t right with the story . i couldn  t get  involved  with treat williams  portrayal of cooper  either . he should have been fascinating  but he wasn  t in this movie . it  s also kind of a sad comment that a guy committing a crime is some sort of  folk hero   but i admit i wound up rooting for the guy  too .  br    br   not everything was disappointing . i can  t complain about the scenery  from the lush  green forests of oregon to the desert in arizona .  br    br   i  d like to see this movie re  made and done better  because it is a one  of  a  kind story .  
i can  t believe that people thought this stinking heap of trash was funny . shifting the attempts at humor among cruelty  disgust and stupidity   there  s something about mary  leaves little reason to stay until the end . sure  cameron diaz is very pretty  but that is never going to be enough to save a movie . ben stiller tries hard to work within the plot  and is obviously very talented  but the movie is a loser .  br    br   not once were any of the scenes believable . the shots were badly timed and poorly framed . the farreley brothers should be kept away from making films at all costs . i check imdb to see what they are working on just so i know what to avoid .  br    br        the bonus is from the one time i smiled . it  s not like i  m immune to humor or alone in my opinion . my wife hated it  too . the next day we saw  rush hour  and laughed ourselves silly . this movie just stunk .  
to be honest at the time i first heard of this show i though it may be a bad idea to make a show that makes muslims use racial jokes on themselves but it is the exact opposite . i realized that the show doing that can help people understand that if a muslim uses s a word like this in real life it doesn  t mean it is a terrorist thing . it also show  s how people give the muslims a bad name because they play on their stereotype  by watching the show regular people will realize that all though there may be bad muslims out it doesn  t mean we are all bad we just try to live  day at a time  like how hard it was for amair to get on a plane and how he used words like  blow up  or yaser saying we  ll blow away the competition  and people took it the wrong way . being a muslim i know that stuff like this don  t usually happen  but they do and many people think bad things about muslims or afghanistan or iraq  its not right things are not like that . people will see how we are poorly treated by watching this show and it may make them think on how the act . i am glad a show like this came on the air . there are many shows that piotr muslim people as terrorists  many people do find them funny to my opioion it is ok to do it now and then because prety much everything is made fun of who are we to say you can not make fun of that is unfair  but it is done to often and really gives muslin people a bad name .  
up until this new season i have been a big  little mosque  fan . however  the new season had absolutely ruined it .  br    br   the new christian vicar has destroyed the entire intent of the show . it has always been about living together to overcome prejudice . the new vicar ruins that premise and shows christians in a very bad light .  br    br   i am neither christian or muslim  but loved watching the show and seeing the camaraderie between amar and the reverend . not any more .  br    br   just cancel it and be done with it . it  s not worth watching any more .  br    br   it might still be saved  but a lot of change would need to be made .  br    br   bring back the old format .  
who likes awful  comedy  shows like little mosque on the prairie  the only two kinds of people i can think of who watch this are one  muslims and self  proclaimed liberal defenders of every ethnic group who are so thrilled there is a show about muslims that it doesn  t even matter if the show is good or funny at all  which it is not  . two  old people and people whose idea of comedy is incredibly predictable  badly written  stale jokes .  br    br   cbc needs to really take a look at what they are doing and who their audience is . if they keep only writing comedy for really old people then guess what will happen  their audience will die off soon and they will have no audience left . i  d be curious who even writes for this show  do you think it  s actually muslims  or hip  funny young people  no  i bet it is old white guys who have been writing the same jokes for the same kind of bad cbc shows since the      s .  br    br   when you look at the cbc comedy shows there are  air farce was only finally just taken off the air  thank goodness   but we still have lame ducks like this hour has   minutes and rick mercer that we are paying for  not to mention this poor excuse for  comedy  little mosque on the prairie . it is supposed to be offencive and funny  only the cbc would think this lame show is at all offencive or funny . shame on the cbc for squandering our tax dollars on shows only a few people would bother watching .  
unlike many  i don  t find the premise or theme of this show the least bit offensive . its execution  however  is another matter entirely . like so many b  minus movies  all the decent gags appear to have been spliced into the trailers . for most of the    or  so minutes we sit in waning anticipation any morsel of real humor . or at least something to keep one from fidgeting with the remote or counting carpet fibers . with a couple of exceptions the acting is awful the comical over  emoting and gesticulating of some cast members might be well suited to a late  night infomercial  but not a primetime sitcom  even a canadian one .  notwithstanding the admittedly original cultural angle  i cannot help but think this is mainly a misfired shot by the cbc to replicate the success of corner gas . unfortunately  they got the tone   and the script   completely wrong for the prairies . the final insult is that they apparently couldn  t even afford to have the location work done in an actual small town  why  are they so hard to find in saskatchewan   did they think the audience would be fooled by the downtown regina exteriors  as a proud canadian i hope this thing goes away soon  and that the rest of the world  primed by the cbc  s publicists  quickly forgets this colossal embarrassment of a sitcom .  
this movie is one long chiche after another . first of all  though they did their share  there is a unwarranted dope scene where john sniffs weed like an idiot . the wigs and accents are terrible . they sound worse then the old beatle cartoons . john is the nasty  envious  closet homosexual  slave to yoko he is portrayed as being in the discredited albert goldman book . they even keep spouting song titles in regular conversation  it was always just the two of us   john would not have been mean to his fans like this either . like his death showed us he was too nice if anything . the one funny scene is where a dumb beatle fan only recognizes john and asks him to sing paul  s yesterday . an insulted john says something along the lines of  sure and while i croon why don  t you get down on your knees  put on your wife  s wig  and lick my liggin  . that made me laugh for days . really this movie is funny in how serious it tries to be while coming off ridiculous . john and paul also did not sit pontificating all day  they were funny light hearted guys who even during the beatles break up where far more personable then portrayed here . forget it .  
i was really hoping that this would be a funny show  given all the hype and the clever preview clips . and talk about hype  i even heard an interview with the show  s creator on the bbc world today  a show that is broadcast all over the world .  br    br   unfortunately  this show doesn  t even come close to delivering . all of the jokes are obvious  the kind that sound kind of funny the first time you hear them but after that seem lame  and they are not given any new treatment or twist . all of the characters are one  dimensional . the acting is  well  mediocre  i  m being nice  . it  s the classic cbc recipe  one that always fails .  br    br   if you  re muslim i think you would have to be stupid to believe any of the white characters  and if you  re white you  d probably be offended a little by the fact that almost all of the white characters are portrayed as either bigoted  ignorant  or both . not that making fun of white people is a problem  most of the better comedies are rooted in that . it  s only a problem when it isn  t funny  as in this show .  br    br   canada is bursting with funny people  so many that we export them to hollywood on a regular basis . so how come the producers of this show couldn  t find any   
this show is terrible  the jokes are all terrible and just getting worse and worse . i am one of those people who was never a big fan of corner gas but at least i liked it at first until it got into a rut around season two  all the jokes had been played out and the characters had nothing to them . well at least corner gas was good at first  little mosque on the prairie is typically awful bland cbc comedy that had nothing going for it from episode  . who are the people who are watching this show anyway  i am being honest is it old people or maybe just people who actually live on the prairies  maybe the jokes are for them and they work there  i don  t know a single person who likes this show and can  t stand it myself  the jokes are totally predictable and the characters are even less developed than in corner gas . hopefully it won  t last much longer because all the success this show has had seems to me to be based entirely on the premise of this show being muslim which is different and could  should have led to a great show .  
if you  re looking to be either offended or amused or both  you  ll probably have to look elsewhere . lmotp really isn  t even very thought provoking beyond rehashing the usual silly clichs . at the end of the second episode i felt a little embarrassed that i actually sat through the contrived mess .  br    br   beyond the thinly veiled gimmicky premise thats attracted all the initial attention to it in the first place it  s just another lame  innocuous and anti  septic attempt at commentary and entertainment that the cbc typically excels at producing . and once the  zomg muslims in rural canada roflmao    hype wears out its welcome  the show is likely to follow into the ether of cancellation because it  s so shallow when judged on its merits alone .  br    br   unless you  re obsessed with muslim culture in the west and  or are easily amused by the most minute idiosyncrasies on the subject i really don  t see how lmotp is enjoyable beyond satisfying the curiosity that stemmed from the hype . other shows have better addressed the issue of cultural  ethnic dichotomy in western multi  ethnic societies . lmotp will never rank among them in entertainment or insight .  
i was excited to see a sitcom that would hopefully represent indian candians but i found this show to be not funny at all . the producers and cast are probably happy to get both bad and good feed back because as far as they are concerned it  s getting talked about  i was ready for some stereotyping and have no problem with it because stereotypes exist for a reason  they are usually true . but there really wasn  t anything funny about these stereotypical characters . the  fresh of the boat  dad  who doesn  t understand his daughter . the radical feminist muslim daughter  who by the way is a terrible actress   and the young modern indian man trying to run his mosque as politically correct as he can  he  s a pretty good actor  i only see him getting better  .  br    br   it is very contrived and the dialog doesn  t flow that well . there was so much potential for something like this but sadly i think it failed  and don  t really care to watch another episode .  br    br   i did however enjoy watching a great canadian actress sheila mccarthy again  she  s always a treat and a natural at everything she does  too bad her daughter in the show doesn  t have the same acting abilities   
little mosque is one of the most boring cbc comedies i have ever seen . they have a way of producing the easiest comedy programming they can for the oldest most  easily  offended viewers which for cbc means   year old farmers in saskatchewan . the jokes are all predictable and so deathly lame i can  t believe it . the performances are very hammy and over acted but i don  t blame the actors since those kind of one dimensional stereotyped characters are probably exactly what the cbc asked for and demanded . very lame show with bad jokes they tried to present as  controversial  well it is less controversial than the other boring cbc comedies like the hour has   minutes  royal canadian air farce and rick mercer  s report .  
this series just gets worse and worse . poorly written and just plain not funny  the premise is excellent  but the writer  s inexperience shines through . by trying so hard to offend no one they end up insulting everyone . now into the second season the desperate cast have stopped waving their arms about  and resorted to that patronizing  smug   oh  silly you  style acting that comes with a no laugh script . they roll their eyes and shake their heads at each other as if to say  aren  t we zany  isn  t this funny  well  no  it  s not actually . gum disease is less painful . no wonder  with the exception of corner gas  canadians generally avoid canadian tv . come on cbc you  re suppose to be our leading station showcasing the best of canadian talent . pull the plug on this amateurish mess .  
once again canadian tv outdoes itself and creates another show that will go unwatched after its premiere episode .  br    br   last time i remember sitcoms were supposed to induce a reaction we in the business call laughter . how funny is it to beat the stereotype of all white people thinking that all muslims are terrorists  ok maybe one joke just to stick it to the masses . but not   minutes . it  s called beating a dead horse . even snl would know to give up after a commercial break .  br    br   also  let  s have a little conflict in these scripts . will she or won  t she be able to serve cucumber sandwiches to break the fast on ramadan  when will ramadan start  ohhhhh this is emmy winning stuff here .  br    br   and the characters  what characters   they are all cardboard cut  outs without anything interesting to make us want to follow them from one situation to the next . that  s the point of the situation comedy . we need to have strong  interesting  dynamic characters so that we are constantly drawn to the tv set each week . we have to care about these characters to worry about what trouble they  re going to get into next week . if i never see these characters it  ll be too soon . thankfully i can  t remember any of their names  note to cbc  that  s not a good sign  .  br    br   and the acting is so bland . it  s more so a problem in casting than in the actors . none of these people actually embody the characters they play . they just seem to act their part as though they were working on a movie of the week . sitcoms require actors who live and breathe that character  make us fall in love with them  where they become inseparable from the character the portray . watch any american sitcom and you  ll see how easily identifiable characters are . part of the problem is that the actors seem to treat this project as though it might be a platform to bigger and better things instead of being their one big character of a lifetime for whom they will spend the next  years portraying . that level of disinterest in the characters and the project shows . but to be honest  considering the lame concept and the horrible writing  there  s not much for the actors to do but say their lines and try not to bump into any furniture . as another commenter mentions  this seems like a tv movie and not a sitcom .  br    br   and the directing or lack there of  what can i say  canada has so much talent  look at what the comedy channel is doing with puppets who kill and punched up . look at the trailer park boys  not the movie cause it bit the big helium dog  . look at any american show to see the potentials our talent as that  s where many of our stars go to find decent work .  br    br   give credit to the cbc  they really know how to build publicity for a non  event . remember  the one   no  well don  t even try to learn any characters names in this show  as it  s sure to go the way of the dodo .  br    br   let  s all hope for a full blown actra strike so that nothing like this emerges from the ceeb for a good long while .  
this show is a perfect example of how the cbc should stick to either news  sports  or satirical sketch comedy . as a developer of situation comedy  cbc has shown it can combine the pizazz of  king of kensington  with the belly laughs of  the beachcombers  . it is an embarrassment to great shows like  kids in the hall  and  second city  that they have to share their comedic roots with this lame production .  br    br   i have to admit  that i didn  t give this show much of a chance right from when i first heard of its concept . to start  half of the concept is a direct attempt to rip  off one of the few sitcom successes in english  canadian history   corner gas  . the rest of the concept   the cultural clash   is far from being original and is too often used as a crutch for screen writing laziness . the selection of the muslim religion as the basis for the  fish out of water  characters seems to be a desperate attempt to be  edgy  and  topical   but comes off as forced . some of the jokes that are based around the local  s reaction to the newcomers are cringe inducing and thoroughly insulting to the intelligence of everyone involved  especially the audience .  br    br   this show is a perfect example of how cbc just doesn  t  get it  when it comes to creating canadian content  especially when presenting canada as a multicultural environment . cultural diversity in canada does not have to be presented in such a heavy  handed and forced way . it would be a refreshing change to see cbc introduce diversity into a television show without making the show all about said diversity . i doubt that cbc has sufficient sitcom talent to pull off something so subtle . a comparison could be made to the way diversity is depicted in corner gas   i . e . the aboriginal characters are not set apart by their ethnicity nor is their heritage used to generate story lines . more realistically  their lives and the other characters lives intertwine in a way that makes ethnicity no more significant than any of their other personal characteristics .  br    br   that being said  even as a formulaic fish  out  of  water comedy this show fails . the acting is weak  the comic pacing all over the map  and the story premises that i saw were too far beyond the suspension of belief  even for a comedy . the only saving grace is the talented derek mcgrath  who is horribly wasted here . i doubt that even the addition of guest stars  colin mochrie  for example  as an anglican archbishop  can save this dog . i decided to give the show a chance once the cbc  s  hype  had died down but two episodes were all i could stand   i could almost feel my braincells shutting themselves down with each failed punchline . the time  slot would be better served by airing more coronation street  air farce re  runs  or dr . who . even an infomercial would be an improvement .  
i think the show had a pretty good concept to work with . but the execution was poor . the script is poor and acting is bad . there were many issues that could have been portrayed in a better way  like the protest against gay marriage or finding the graveyard . the show can  t be properly termed as comedy show as it lacks humor miserably . i should say this show was barely successful in putting the life of muslim community to some extent .  br    br   till now second season is worse than the first one . i had my hopes high regarding this show  but i was kind of disappointed . still i appreciate cbc for putting up such concept in front of the viewers . anyway i wish best of luck for the future .  
i  m trying to picture the pitch for dark angel .  i  m thinking matrix  i  m thinking bladerunner  i  m thinking that chick that plays faith in angel  wearing shiny black leather  or some chick just like her  leave that one with us . only  get this   we  ll do it without any plot  dialogue  character  decent action or budget  just some loud bangs and a hot chick in shiny black leather straddling a big throbbing bike . fanboys dig loud bangs and hot chicks in shiny black leather straddling big throbbing bikes  right    br    br   flashy  shallow  dreary  formulaic  passionless  tedious  dull  dumb  humourless  desultory  barely competent . live action anime without any action  or indeed any life . sf just the way joe fanboy likes it  in fact .    
while i have never been a fan of the original scooby  doo  due to its horrid production values   it appears like shakespeare compared to this pile of crap brought to us by hanna  barbera  without a doubt  scrappy  doo is about the most annoying and awful character created for children  and this includes the teletubbies as well as tommy the tapeworm  . whose bright idea was it to create some sort of short mutant dog and enable it to speak and then saddle the scooby  doo characters with it   whoever it is deserves to die or watch this show  i think death is preferable  . the bottom line is that the little dog is simply unfunny  annoying and grates on the nerves   and this is only in the better episodes   after many years  it would have been better to just end the franchise than create this mess  i can see why in the live  action scooby  doo movie they made the villain scrappy  doo   since practically everyone hates him   
wow  here it finally is the action  movie  without action . in a real low  budget setting  don  t miss the hilarious flying saucers flying by a few times  of a future seattle we find a no  brain hardbody seeking to avenge her childhood .  br    br   there is nothing even remotely original or interesting about the plot and the actors  performance is only rivalled in stupidity by the attempts to steal from other movies  mainly  matrix  without having the money to do it right . yes  we do get to see some running on walls and slow motion shoot  outs    secs approx .  but these scenes are about as cool as the stupid hardbody  s attempts at making jokes about male incompetence now and then .  br    br   and  yes  we are also served a number of leads that lead absolutely nowhere  as if the script was thought  out by the previously unseen cast while shooting the scenes .  br    br   believe me  it is as bad as it possibly can get . in fact  it doesn  t deserve to be taken seriously  but perhaps i can make some of you not rent it and save your money .  
god  i was bored out of my head as i watched this pilot . i had been expecting a lot from it  as i  m a huge fan of james cameron  and not just since  titanic   i might add   and his name in the credits i thought would be a guarantee of quality  then again  he also wrote the leaden strange days . .  . but the thing failed miserably at grabbing my attention at any point of its almost two hours of duration . in all that time  it barely went beyond its two line synopsis  and i would be very hard pressed to try to figure out any kind of coherent plot out of all the mess of strands that went nowhere . on top of that  i don  t think the acrobatics outdid even those of any regular  a  team  episode . as for alba  yes  she is gorgeous  of course  but the fact that she only displays one single facial expression the entire movie  pouty and surly   makes me also get bored of her  gal wit an attitude  schtick pretty soon . you can count me out of this one  mr . cameron   
awful  simply awful . it proves my theory about  star power .  this is supposed to be great tv because the guy who directed  battlestar  titanica is the same guy who directed this shlop schtock schtick about a chick . b o r i n g .  br    br   find something a thousand times more interesting to do  like watch your tv with no picture and no sound .      i rated it so high b  c there aren  t any negative scores in the imdb . com rating system .   br    br    zaphoid  br    br   ps my theory about  star power  is the more  star power  used in a show  the weaker the show is .  it  s called an indirect proportionality quality    star power   less  sp  makes for better quality  etc . another way to look at it is  more is less .    br    br    z  
what was an exciting and fairly original series by fox has degraded down to meandering tripe . during the first season  dark angel was on my weekly  must see  list  and not just because of jessica alba .  br    br   unfortunately  the powers  that  be over at fox decided that they needed to  fine  tune  the plotline . within  episodes of the season opener  they had totally lost me as a viewer  not even to see jessica alba   . i found the new characters that were added in the second season to be too ridiculous and amateurish . the new plotlines were stretching the continuity and credibility of the show too thin . on one of the second season episodes  they even had max sleeping and dreaming  where the first season stated she biologically couldn  t sleep .  br    br   the moral of the story  the one that hollywood never gets   if it works  don  t screw with it   br    br   azjazz  
a story of amazing disinterest kills  the psychic  over and over again . the characters and plot are completely uninteresting  as is fulci  s mad camera work  which is usually a redeeming factor in his films   and any grasp of suspense is nowhere to be found . it  s padded out to an insufferable degree   by the end  you won  t be clamoring with excitement but stricken with boredom  and  like me  maybe an uncontrollable urge to fall asleep  . jennifer o  neill  s performance deserves occupancy in a better movie . fulci gorehounds beware   there  s just not much going on in  the psychic .   br    br        
average  and surprisingly tame  fulci giallo which means it  s still quite bad by normal standards  but redeemed by its solid build  up and some nice touches such as a neat time twist on the issues of visions and clairvoyance .  br    br   the genre  s well  known weaknesses are in full gear banal dialogue  wooden acting  illogical plot points . and the finale goes on much too long  while the denouement proves to be a rather lame or shall i say limp affair .  br    br   fulci  s ironic handling of giallo norms is amusing  though . yellow clues wherever you look .  br    br    out of   limping killers  
i was really disappointed in this movie . those that voted this thing a   have a screw lose . the acting was ok  kinda wooden and cardboard . the ending was sorry . i just didn  t care for this at all .  br    br   no way could i recommend this mess .  
man the ending of this film is so terribly unwatchable and dated that my entire film aesthetics class laughed like crazy . now most of the rest of the film was okay . it had a few unintentionally funny scenes but had a few real good camera shots and editing . yes alderich is a great director who made flight of the phoenix and whatever happened to baby jane among others . the problem isn  t with direction  acting or anything technical . the movie is just destroyed in the third act . why  the murders  twists  turns and characters have all been revolving around nuclear material  what the heck was the writer smoking when he came up with that  the way it just comes out of nowhere may have been the biggest deus ex machina in history . for all the complaints about burton  s planet of the apes  the life of david gale or notorious i think this is the worst ending ever . what a let down .  
this movie is just plain dumb .  br    br   from the casting of ralph meeker as mike hammer to the fatuous climax  the film is an exercise in wooden predictability .  br    br   mike hammer is one of detective fiction  s true sociopaths . unlike marlow and spade  who put pieces together to solve the mystery  hammer breaks things apart to get to the truth . this film turns hammer into a boob by surrounding him with bad guys who are . . . well  too dumb to get away with anything . one is so poorly drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack .  br    br   other parts of the movie are right out of the three stooges play book . velda  s dance at the barre  for instance  or the bad guy who accidentally stabs his boss in the back . and the continuity breaks are shameful frau blucher is running down the centerline of the road when the camera is tight on her lower legs but she  s way over the side when the camera pulls back for a wider shot . the worst break  however  precedes the popcorn attack . the bad guy stalking hammer passes a clock seconds after our hero  except the clock shows he was seven minutes behind our guy .  br    br   to be fair  there were some interesting camera angles and lighting  and the grand finale is so bad that it must been seen  which is the only reason that it gets two points out of   .  
how did mike hammer live  in a penthouse with a golf bag stashed in the corner next to a big screen cathode ray tube tv and a snazzy fireplace  nah  he  d knock back a bottle of rye and twenty unfiltered camels on the couch or floor of his fly  specked office or in the stink of a lousy downtown la flop house  wiping the dried red crust and oil smeared mud off his face  that  s how . spillane wrote trash paperbacks  for sure  but how do you make it worse  give some desperate scheming producer a blank check because he thinks any film noir titled crap will sell at the box office  add some over  the  hill hot tomatoes and just generally screw  up the story  line by some retard  drugged out screen writer  that  s how   
i grew up on scooby doo where are you  and i still love it . it is one of my favourite cartoons along with darkwing duck  talespin  peter pan and the pirates and tom and jerry . this show though is good for kids  the voices are good  don messick and casey kasem are perfect as scooby and shaggy   the theme tune is tolerable and it has some nice animation . however it is rather disappointing . i normally don  t mind scrappy  but when he appears to be like the main character  it gets annoying fast . complete with the catchphrase puppy power  scrappy is somewhat more annoying than usual . also half the gang are missing after the first year  somehow it didn  t feel like scooby doo . and the jokes and the story lines were in general lame and unoriginal  very little chasing monsters or unmasking the baddies . all in all  not as bad as shaggy and scooby dooget a clue  but this show is disappointing .     for the animation  voices  theme tune and the fact it is nice for kids . bethany cox  
this is one of the worst films i  ve ever seen . i looked into it mainly out of a morbid curiosity since i loved the novel  and i wish i hadn  t . i turned it off after a little less than an hour  though i wanted to turn it off after five minutes . i wish i had . it disregards the novel a lot and changes all sorts of factors . unless the film managed to redeem itself in the last   or so minutes  which would be impossible  i would in no way recommend this . its an insult to one of the greatest writers of the   th century . i don  t think  as many people say that it is  that  the bell jar  is necessarily unfilmable  but this particular rendition could have been done without . i  d almost like to see this one day in the hands of a director and screenwriter who can do it justice .  
i rented this movie from the library  it  s hard to find for good reason  purely out of curiosity . i  m a huge plath fan and this movie was a complete disappointment . the bell jar       is by far one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen . the script is horrible  not because it strays from the original novel text  but because it strays without focus or intent . the scenes are ill  constructed and don  t lead the viewer anywhere . what  s with the hokey voice over of plath  s poetry  lady lazarus has little do with greenwood  s situation plath  s poetry was completely misused . marilyn hassett is completely unbelievable as esther greenwood  or any   year old for that matter  partly due to casting  she was   during filming  the age plath was when she died  and partly due to the fact that she can  t act . hassett is all emotion  no craft  no skill . the direction is mediocre the director simply covers what  s there  which isn  t much . the only reason i  m giving the film a  is because  isn  t an option . sorry sylvia  you  ll have to wait for someone else to adapt your fine work into something more fitting .  
jameson parker and marilyn hassett are the screen  s most unbelievable couple since john travolta and lily tomlin . larry peerce  s direction wavers uncontrollably between black farce and roman tragedy . robert klein certainly think it  s the former and his self  centered performance in a minor role underscores the total lack of balance and chemistry between the players in the film . normally  i don  t like to let myself get so ascerbic  but the bell jar is one of my all  time favorite books  and to watch what they did with it makes me literally crazy .  
the golden era of disney cartoons was dying by the time the end of the   s . this show quack pack shouldn  t even be considered a ducktales spin off because the show barely had anything to do with ducktales . it  s about a teen  aged huey  dewey and louie as they make trouble for their uncle donald and talk in hip  hop lingo and they are fully dressed unlike in ducktales . i prefer the little adventurous nephews from ducktales . there are humans in duckburg and the ducks are the only animals living in duckburg . there  s no references of scrooge mcduck . the stories are repetitive  the plot is boring but the animation is good . if you want lots of slapstick humor  i recommend this to you . if you want a better disney show watch  darkwing duck  or  ducktales  .  
saw this film ran in the wee hours on tcm . several problems with the film were apparent from what i saw . first  the adults did not age when the children did for   years . several parts of the film had continuity problems  for some reason the actor who played the youngest son looked like the oldest when the   years passed .  br    br   the copy i saw was missing about   minutes or so  at least a huge gap with black screen appeared . it is too bad  because even though the script left something to be desired  bergman  russell both did fine in the film in their roles . it is a shame the large chunk is missing  but what is here is watchable .  br    br   i just wish it was all intact . the script makes little sense in that bergman  s character is sent away when the kids are small but then brought back to take care of them when they are adults  some of the time lines don  t make sense either . there is a stock market crash that resembles     but the kids grow up to fight in world war  . all the acting by the support folks in this film is fine . just wonder what was in the   gap of film i could not see as it was missing .  
by     columbia was a full  fledged major studio and could produce a movie with the same technical polish as mgm  paramount or warners . that  s the best thing that could be said about  adam had four sons   a leaden soap opera with almost terminally bland performances by ingrid bergman  top  billed for the first time in an american film  and warner baxter . bergman plays a frenchwoman  this was the era in which hollywood thought one foreign accent was as good as another  hired as governess to baxter  s four sons and staying on  with one interruption caused by the stock  market crash of      until the boys are grown men serving in world war i . just about everyone in the movie is so goody  good it  s a relief when susan hayward as the villainess enters midway through  she  s about the only watchable person in the movie even though she  s clearly channeling bette davis and vivien leigh it  s also the first in her long succession of alcoholic roles  but the script remains saccharine and the ending is utterly preposterous . no wonder bergman turned down the similarly plotted  the valley of decision  four years later .  
you  d think that with ingrid bergman and warner baxter that this film would have been a lot better . sadly  the film suffers from difficult to believe characters as well as a major plot problem that makes some of the characters seem brain  addled .  br    br   the film begins with ingrid bergman coming to work for the stoddard family . everything is so very peachy and swell   the family adores bergman and things couldn  t be more perfect . well  that is until the mother  fay wray  dies  the stock market crashes in      wiping out the family  s fortune  and bergman is forced to go back home to france . this portion of the film is a bit sticky sweet  but not bad .  br    br   later  after the family  s fortunes have improved  bergman returns . the four boys are now all grown and there isn  t really a conceivable reason why they  d hire her once again as a governess . but  briefly  everything is swell once again . but  when wwi occurs  the four all go to war   gosh  in the midst of this  one of the sons  david  brings home his new wife  susan hayward  . miss hayward  s character is as black and white as the others  though while they are all good and swell  she  s obviously a horny she  devil . to make things worse  she comes to live in the family home while david is at war .  br    br   now here is where the movie gets really  really dumb   brain  achingly dumb . hayward begins an affair with one of david  s brothers but when the father sees a silhouette of the lovers  bergman enters the room from another entrance and pretends that it was her  not hayward with jack  why   why would any sane person do this to save the butt of an obviously evil and conniving woman  this was exactly the sort of excuse bergman needed to get rid of the gutter  snipe once and for all  this is just a case of lousy writing and made me mad . . . and most likely did the same to the audiences back in     .  br    br   the rest of the movie consists of failed opportunity after failed opportunity for hayward  s evilness to be exposed . this just flies against common sense and made the film a silly melodramatic mess . as expected  however  the truth eventually comes out and everyone is swell once again    happy to be one big loving wonderful family minus the slut  hayward .  br    br   the film suffers because of poor writing . hayward  s affair made no sense   at least in how it was handled . and  having characters who are so gosh  darn good or evil  with nothing in between  sinks this movie to the level of a second  rate soap . the only thing that saves it at all is the acting    they tried as best they could with a turgid script . suffice to say that the columbia pictures writers who did this film should have been slapped with a dead chicken   
i just saw adam had four sons for the first time and the thing that struck me was that i believe that the model used was theodore roosevelt and his four sons . they were approximately the same ages as the four boys in this film . warner baxter in his portrayal of adam stoddard talked about the same values and family tradition that you would have heard from our   th president without some of the more boisterous aspects of tr  s character .  br    br   like tr all of the stoddard sons serve in world war i  in this case though the youngest only loses an eye instead of being killed .  br    br   but what if a female minx gets into this all male household and disrupts things  that  s susan hayward  s job here . in one of her earliest prominent roles  hayward is a flirtatious amoral girl who marries one son  has an affair with another  and starts making a play for the third . it  s an early forerunner of the kind of a part that later brought her an oscar in i want to live .  br    br   i suppose that with as powerful a model of decorum as theodore roosevelt was and warner baxter portrays  everyone is afraid to tell father what  s going on . the sons and also their governess ingrid bergman . here  s where the plot gets a little silly . bergman is introduced to us as a governess hired by baxter and wife fay wray for their kids . wray dies and baxter suffers some financial reversals in business . bergman has to be let go . she goes back to france and years later comes back to the family when the kids are grown up .  br    br   i  m sorry  but i can  t believe the kids need a governess now . hayward is quite right when she confronts her that it wasn  t the kids who brought her back . in the normal course of things  bergman would have gotten on with her life .  br    br   one of the previous reviewers said that a quarter to a third of the film i have was edited out . possibly that could be the reason for the many plot holes we have .  br    br   it  s too bad that ingrid and susan could not have done another film together in the fifties when hayward was at her heights and bergman had just made a comeback .  br    br   susan hayward is the main reason to see adam had four sons . and i  m willing to believe that a good deal of ingrid was left on the cutting room floor .  
i was very excited to see that they had made a movie out of my favorite book ever . i didn  t realize it was disney until it was too late . i was appalled by the many omissions of crucial parts of the story . it was as if someone made a movie out of a  th grader  s book report on the novel . meg did well in school and neither her nor her father wore glasses . mrs murray  meg  s mother  was not portrayed as much of a scientist at all they left out her kitchen laboratory and replaced it with the internet . and that  s just the beginning . by halfway through the movie i found myself shouting at the screen  much to the dismay of the other people who were watching the movie who hadn  t read the book . i wish i had more thumbs so i could give four thumbs down for this one . the only good thing i can say is that for a person who has not read the book  this movie is kinda alright .  
first of all  i am a huge fan of madeleine l  engle and was so excited to see that a movie was made for one of my favorite books  a wrinkle in time . this movie  however  ruined that excitement for me . i am sorry  but meg was described in the book as having fizzy curls and glasses and as being considered very uncool . in the movie  she has straight hair and no glasses and is the  sporty type  with a deep voice . this is not how madeleine l  engle pictured meg to be at all . in fact  meg was based on madeleine  s character and depicted the way she felt when she was young . this is just one major example how the book and movie are different . so i would say  if you want to watch it for entertainment purposes  watch it but if you are a devoted fan of madeleine l  engle and her wrinkle in time series  i would suggest skipping this movie .  
after the success of scooby  doo  where are you  they decided to give scooby and shaggy their own show . but unfortunately  they added a new character that spoilt scooby  doo success forever . they invented a new show with a new title  scooby and scrappy  doo . it was scrappy  doo that made this show a complete failure  probably for both adults and kids together . scrappy was the stupid brave puppy that always looked ready to beat someone up . scooby and shaggy were getting scared of the villain  and they were also trying to stop him . scooby  doo doesn  t need any little annoying bastard puppy nephews . if they wanted scooby  doo to be more successful  they should have either killed or never thought up scrappy . this was just poor  maybe your kids will prefer it   
we all know that some of the greatest movies of all time were based on books . while not particularly accurate adaptations  these movies were nonetheless excellent films . some great examples are the harry potter series  the lord of the rings trilogy  and  to a lesser extent  almost every disney film ever made . however  i must regretfully announce that a wrinkle in time is not one of those movies . not only does it fail to meet some of the most basic expectations of madeleine l  engle  s fan base  it manages to defy the standards of scriptwriting  acting  special effects and  ultimately  respect for the audience . mind you  i  m not trying to be mean on the contrary  i went into this affair with an open mind . i figured that a made  for  t . v . movie would make up for its lack of razzle  dazzle in its script . after all  the star wars spin  off ewoks was decent  if a little silly . come to think of it  the original star wars was made on  a lunch money budget   and look where it took george lucas  however  from the first scene onward  disappointment started enveloping me as if i  d gotten too close to the black thing while tessering .  br    br   the same way greedo shooting first became the symbol of the star wars special edition of      a disaster of monumental proportions involving a disgruntled director making several hideous changes to a beloved classic   mrs . whatsit has officially become my personal symbol for the confusion and stupidity that is a wrinkle in time . the reason for this is the fact that she has been mutated beyond belief . aside from the slightly controversial decision of casting alfre woodard  star trek first contact and radio  as our favorite star  turned  mentor  the filmmakers decided it appropriate to introduce her as a crow . that  s right  a crow . moreover  the heavenly centaurion form of this greatly beloved character has been hacked at by what looks to be a demented eight  year  old the majestic half  man  half  horse with wings has become a huge human head with a creepy smile mounted awkwardly on the bowlegged body of a horse that happens to be sporting a pair of wings in the middle . had i been five  this would have psychologically traumatized me for life . the worst part is the fact that when it spoke  it was shown from behind so as to avoid the responsibility to lip sync  resulting in a scene that was spent looking at the back of its head and seeing a single  unmoving cheek  thus rendering the piece of special effects less believable than e . t .  br    br   having gotten the most painful part out of the way  i must go on to the tear  inducing one the characters  the acting  and the story . i  personally  had always imagined meg to look somewhat similar to moaning myrtle from the harry potter films plain hair  glasses  and a figure most supermodels would find laughable . she was always a slightly anxious  humorously pessimistic math genius who quite simply could not have cared less about the imports and exports of nicaragua . in the film  she is an unpleasant know  it  all for whom i have no sympathy whatsoever . in fact  she makes me feel sorry for poor mr . jenkins  her school principal  who continuously has to deal with her . calvin  the kind  intelligent kid who everyone thinks is a jock has becomea jock  the irony is horrible . as for the memorable happy medium  they took the pleasant old woman who liked to look at happy things and replaced her with a being who is  above gender  and likes to look at  funny  things  such as girls falling off of swings . the only three people i can think of who did a decent job are charles wallace  mrs . whatsit and the man with red eyes  nicknamed  the dude with red eyes  due to his complete reinvention as a character  .  br    br   the story is a mess . a good comparison to this aspect of the movie is harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban  which didn  t do a good job of retelling the story found in the book  yet kept the sole of the original work . here  the sole of the book is having a pleasant chat with hades down in the underworld  apparently unaware that its body is being destroyed . as the dark lord complements the sole on how well it showed that truth has to be felt and not seen  the flat  nosed wookies of ixchel  who replace the wondrous beings who hold aunt beast among their ranks  tear the spine up . as the god of the dead notes how subtle the terror of the earth  like camazotz was  the torn pages are scattered in the sandstorm and lost in the darkness of the land of evil .  br    br   i am very sorry that this film exists . i do not believe that the actors were genuinely bad . it  s the way the characters are written that ruins it . a wrinkle in time deserved to be adapted by lawrence kasdan  directed by george lucas or steven spielberg  enhanced at industrial light and magic  scored by john williams  given its sound at skywalker sound  edited by thx and marketed by twentieth century fox . in its current state  the film is unworthy to be shown to self  respecting people . even madeleine l  engle thought it was bad . the book was good  the film was bad  and mrs . whatsit was ugly .  br    br   score  .      if i could   br    br   pros  br    br   they got the names right .  br    br   cons  br    br   it had horrible problems with the cliffs notes level of adaptation  script  acting and special effects  not to mention lack of evidence of ever having read the book . oh  and the main cover  poster has a picture of the three main characters riding a flying horse over a castle . some might say that this symbolizes high adventure . i say it symbolizes the irresponsibility of the cover artist who didn  t even bother to photoshop meg  s arm on properly .  
this movie barely followed the story line of the movie . all of the fascinating points in the book didn  t even exist in the movie . they ended up turning it into a cheesy  tween  disney movie  crush  story between meg and calvin . it was so bad it should have been hillary duff playing the part  or one of the likes . this movie was nothing more than an insult to the intelligence and mysticism of the book . i can  t believe disney could even get away with making such a cheap  basic rendition . if you  ve ever read the book  i think you would agree it could easily be made into a movie of  lord of the rings  equivalence . this movie should have never been able to use the title of a wrinkle in time . poorly done .  
i only recently found out that madeleine l  engle  s novel had been turned into a tv movie by disney and ordered the dvd . the book was a favorite of mine when i was a child and i read it several times .  br    br   despite some of the child actors not resembling the characters as described in the novel  the murry family is well cast  with a likable  if too pretty  meg at the center and a charles wallace who is convincing as a child prodigy without becoming irritating .  br    br   the first half hour is promising enough  doing a good job in establishing the relationships between the lead characters and at setting the scene . unfortunately as soon as the non  human characters appear the adaptation starts to unravel and once the children leave earth the whole thing falls apart . alfre woodward is too youthful looking and much too regal as the eccentric mrs whatsit  think miriam margolis or joan plowright instead  and kate nelligan face is so mask like and inexpressive  she must have visited faye dunaway  s plastic surgeon in recent years . for some reason they make her mrs which look like glinda from the wizard of oz when she should have resembled a benign wicked witch of the west .  br    br   in the end what lets this down most badly are the terrible special effects and art direction . i understand that this is a tv movie  but the cgi looked like something that could have been done   years earlier . mrs whatsits  centaur incarnation is a disaster as is the chewbacca like suit for aunt beast  who in the novel is a velvety  elegant creature instead of the ungainly big foot like thing shown here . i could go on and on  nearly every artistic choice is a disaster  presumably because there wasn  t a large enough budget to do this justice  but also because the design work lacks imagination and good judgement .  br    br   this really would have needed the sense of wonder spielberg brought to his early films . what a shame that with the current popularity of adapting children  s literary fantasy series nobody thought of adapting a wrinkle in time and it  s sequels for the big screen  giving it the scope it deserves .  
i have never read the book  a wrinkle in time  . to be perfectly honesty  after seeing the movie  do i really want to  well  i shouldn  t be reviewing this movie i  ll start off with that . next i  ll say that the tv movie is pretty forgettable . do you know why i say that  because i forgot what happens in it . i told you it was forgettable . to be perfectly honest  no tv movie will ever be better than  merlin  .  br    br   how do i describe a tv movie  i have never written a review for one before . well  i  ll just say that they usually have some celebrities . a wrinkle in time includes only one . alfre woodard  or woodward  i am not sure   the oscar winner .  br    br   the film has cheesy special effects  a mildly interesting plot  scenes that make you go  wtf  . the movie is incredibly bad and it makes you go  wtf  . what did i expect  it  s a tv movie . they usually aren  t good . as is this one . a wrinkle in time is a waste of time and a big time waster . to top it off  you  ll most likely forget about it the second it  s over . well  maybe not the second it  s over . but within a few minutes .  br    br   a wrinkle in time    
i was browsing through netflix and stumbled upon this movie . having fond memories of the book as a child  i decided to check this out . this is a movie that you should really pass on .  br    br   it is just not worth seeing . it is very boring and uninteresting . i feel that it would even be that way to small children . it has no magic that the book contains . this movie is not horrible  but you will just find yourself not caring ten minutes into it .  br    br   there are moments that just come off as weird . the witch character is not very good . the family acts like it is no big deal that these odd things are happening . i know this is a kids movie  so as an older audience we must not look too deeply in things  but the whole movie just feels like it was written and produced by people who have never had any movie making experience before .  br    br   the dvd that i had began skipping in the final moments of the film  and instead of trying to fix it i just turned it off and sent it back to netflix . i really didn  t care how it finished . skip this film and read the book instead .  
i have loved this book since my  th grade teacher read it to our class many years ago . and i have read it to every one of my  rd and  th grade classes over my past   years of teaching . supposedly a movie had been made in the past  but i  d never been able to locate it . well  my students and i were all so excited when we heard that disney had brought madeline l  engle  s excellent book to the screen .  br    br   as i watched the movie  i had the highest of hopes . as the film went on  i became more and more despondent . they had botched it badly  never had i been so let down by a favorite book  to  film adaption . i understand that films can  t stick strictly to a book  but they don  t need to change things for the sake of it  most  if not all  of departures from the book were totally unnecessary   br    br   i kept my opinion to myself at first and just listened to my students discuss the movie . well  it wasn  t just me . nearly every single one felt the same way   cheated out of the great story that madeline l  engle had so skillfully created   br    br   why  they wondered  did aunt beast look like chewbacca from the star wars movie  why couldn  t calvin  s hair have been red  why did mrs . which not have the proper  witch  like  outfit that was such a clever play on her name  basically  we all wondered   why did nearly every single detail have to be changed   br    br   i have always dreamed of how wonderful a movie this book would make . i am still waiting for that movie . this one was a wrinkle in time in only the broadest of senses . i  m going to write to peter jackson and try to convince him to take on the task   
  this may be a bit on the spoilerish side  i would like to start by saying i did not watch the entire movie  nor could i because it was evident from the first hour that i was going to be incredibly disappointed . that of course is the problem with taking  what many believe to be an amazing book  and turning it into a disney made  for  tv movie .  br    br   a wrinkle in time should have been made into an amazing movie a long time ago . it  s got a great storyline that could hook children and adults . plus it  s got built in quality sequels . but disney  fying was not the way to go . the problem with the movie is that all the things they changed to turn it into a visual story dumbed down what was so great about the book . it is a complicated and emotional story for kids . there was no reason to make charles wallace purely  psychic   because that was the easiest way of explaining it . there was no reason to write a fight between the three mrs . w  s as added tension  there is enough tension in the story without that . there was no reason to remove meg  s glasses . . . that deprived us of what could  ve been a very sweet scene between calvin and meg that happens in the book .  br    br   i could nitpick for days about little things  but i also think larger things  like the art direction was a off . take for instance the way they made camazotz look  with its strangely darkened skies . the creepiness that comes across in the book is that camazotz could be earth . it looks like earth . it has people on it that look like humans . the skies are blue  the grass is green  and there are children playing . but something is a little bit off . the directors chose to make camazotz a complete other instead of taking the lesson in the book and applying it to the overall direction of the movie . the lesson of course is that camazotz could very well be earth  that is if we forget how to love . it would  ve been much creepier to have a beautiful afternoon as they  re walking down the street with the kids bouncing the balls in the same rhythm .  br    br   i unfortunately did not watch the end . maybe someone can tell me how disney messed up the end as well .  br    br   overall an artistic disappointment .  br    br    
i really didn  t like this movie because it didn  t really bring across the messages and ideas l  engle brought out in her novel . we had read the novel in our english class and i absolutely loved it  i  m afraid i can  t say the same for the film . there were some serious differences between the novel and the adapted version and it just didn  t do any credit to the imaginative genius that is madeleine l  engle  this is the reason i gave it such a poor rating . don  t see this movie if you are a big fan of l  engle  s texts because you will be sorely disappointed . however  if you are watching the movie for entertainment purposes  or educational as was my case  then it is an alright movie   
i have read the whole  a wrinkle in time  book and then saw the movie . the movie contained all the elements in the book but since the book was    pages and the film was  hours it felt really crammed in with too many effects and bad acting .  br    br   a wrinkle in time is about a girl named meg  charles wallace  and calvin must team together to find meg  s father and get off the island camazotz .  br    br   the beginning of the film is really a stinker . the acting is awful  the direction is laughable  and so far the situations aren  t necessary . i really was crushed to see the same person madeleine engle that wrote the book and created the movie  made a great book  and a terrible film . the acting is worse than any straight  to  video acting . yes  i got to admit there was cool effects . but seriously they were all done terribly and not serial in any way possible . if you read the book you will be crushed by the movie . i wish could give it a  but sadly i can only give it  . a half could have been useful .  
the  wrinkle in time  book series is my favorite series from childhood . i have read and re  read them more times than i can count over the last    years . the characters  with all their virtues and flaws  are near and dear to my heart . this adaptation contained very little of the wonderful  magical  spiritual story that i love so much . to say i was disappointed with this film would be a great understatement .  br    br   if you have never read the book  s  i imagine you will enjoy the movie . the acting is passable  the special effects are well done for a made for tv movie  and the story is interesting . however  if you love the books  avoid this movie at all costs .  br    br   i found this statement at the wikipedia page of the novel  in an interview with newsweek  l  engle said of the film   i expected it to be bad  and it is .    br    br   i  like another reviewer here  feel the need to read the book again to dispel this movie from my mind .  
horrible acting  horrible cast and cheap props . would  ve been a lot better if was set as an action parody style movie . what a waste . starting from the name of the movie .  br    br    the enemy  naming it  action movie  would  ve made it better .  contributing to the parody effect  . the cop looking like a   year old player  the blond girl just having the same blank boring look on her face at all times . towards the end of the movie him and her are working together to take down the bad guys and every time they exchange words it just feels like the cheap lines given before a sex scene in a porn movie . horrible . don  t waste your time .  
i got all excited when i saw the ads for this movie because i recently read the book and really enjoyed it . the movie  however  did not meet my expectations . having read the book recently prepared me for big let down as often happens when stories are translated into movies . the characters didn  t seem to fit very well with the book . the direction was weak . i had a hard time getting into the characters . there wasn  t a real connection with the viewer about what was going on . the dialog didn  t explain adequately what was happening . it just seemed slapped together and rushed through . all in all i was very disappointed with the movie . i suppose if you haven  t read the book  it might be ok by itself . at the very least  it might entice you to read the book  which you  ll probably enjoy more .  br    br    
this abc straight  to  tv failure does absolutely no justice to the brilliant fantasy novel that is a wrinkle in time . ms . madeleine l  engle brought children and adults alike into a magical  fantastical and original world like no author before her . this novel  the first in her  time quartet   is a beautiful take on life  the universe  and time itself . yet it is easy for any child or adolescent to understand . its unwavering morals are prevalent throughout the book . this film adaptation can be seen as nothing but a mockery of ms . l  engle  s work of art . honestly  what were they thinking  the effects look cheap and ridiculous  the plot is mushy and uneven  the dialogue is far  fetched and just about every magical characteristic of the novel has been lost . this was a horrible attempt at bringing this book to the screen . i sincerely hope that someday an intelligent  worthy director  guillermo del toro  david yates  alfonso cuarn  makes another attempt at bringing this book to the screen and understands it for what it truly is a masterpiece . this adaptation can only be compared to boring  fake and cheap motel  room art which holds no ground and makes absolutely no impact on its audience .  
disney  what happened  i really wish the movie had been set in the    s like the book was . and i really could have dealt with cheap special effects in order to save the budget for a more accurate adaption . . . . . i  m glad that  maybe  someone might be influenced to read the books . . . . . but  the man with red eyes interchangeable as it  and what  s up with the volcanic upheaval  where was that in the book  peter jackson  save us     a long time ago       i heard that there was european version of this film . i sure wish i could id it . i can only imagine it might be closer to the real story than this poor adaption . this movie needs to be x  d .  
i have grown up pouring over the intertwined stories of the wrinkle in time chronicles . my dream was that one day a screenwriter would come across their child sitting in a large sofa reading a winkle in time  and would think  what an amazing movie this would make . sadly enough that screenwriter failed  changing characters  throwing in lame humor  and all out destroying the plot . i know that it is a hard task to change a well loved novel into a movie . but why can  t you stay true to the book  why must you change the way characters think and act  for those of you who have not read the book  pick it up  find a soft couch  and let your imagination run wild .  
the book is so good that at least the opening of this made  for  tv movie will move you  but then  as it diverges more and more from the book  taking out all the religion and love and mathematics and putting in cotton candy cliches  it becomes boring . still  from comments i  ve heard  people who have not read the book tend to like it  and if it leads even on child to read a wrinkle in time  it will have served its purpose . the most embarrassing change is to make the happy medium a clone of mary poppins  uncle albert  i love to laugh  . nothing is quite so squirm inducing as characters on the screen laughing hilariously at things that are totally unfunny .  
awful . this thriller should have buried . what a piece of crap . terrible writing  characters are less than believable . horrible schlock   stick some b  stars in a terribly written pos to try and give it a little credit  but it fails miserably . if i didn  t have to write ten lines about this movie i would have given it a word word review  it starts with  sh  and ends with  it  .  br    br   horrible ending  retarded . who writes this crap . the ending of this film is so contrived  weak it  s as if they had no idea what to do with this story line  or they just ran out of money . most likely due to the number of cameos in this movie . it  s a good thing that these actors are on the way out  because this would be a career killer . good thing for them that hardly anyone will see it . at least no one important  like future investors . it could have ended a thousand different ways  but as it is  i feel cheated out of my precious time .  br    br   don  t bother with this one  you will feel like you wasted time you can never get back .  
these were over   minutes of semi unexpected boredom . first  i was wondering how it is possible to produce something like that . then  reaching   th minute i was convincing myself that it  s only a few more minutes  and i lasted to the very end which i  m kinda proud of as i consider watching this movie as a great test for human  s patience and crap tolerance . was it worth watching at all  well  as i wrote above  if you want to test yourself  give it a try and if you  re strong willed enough  you may even last to the end . . . the movie lacks coherence and characters seem to have no common sense at all . all happenings in the movie  you can be sure you saw somewhere before  and they seem to be put in this movie just to fill the film reel .  
this movie was poorly written  poorly acted and very predictable . it was very low  budget and i can understand why it was never released and went straight to video . it wasn  t even campy fun  it was just a complete disaster and i wish i could get the      hours back  the colors were horrible along with the plot which has holes so big in it you could drive a mac truck through them .  br    br   the plot itself had the young bride doing things that she absolutely was not physically capable of doing   what a stretch  skip this movie and watch something better in the horror genre . just about any movie comes to mind that is better than this .  br    br   ejames      
this  movie  is such a bad work  nothing seems to even try and be realistic . plot is weak  acting  miserable  actors wondering around like in a  st year production  trying very hard to act with no chance at all from the beginning . what a flop  what a waste of time  money and effort to all concerned including the audience . well  as in any thriller  here too are murders  corpses and blood . just imagine someone who  minutes ago  committed a murder with a knife  and came out calm and smiling  not to mention clean as a whistle  as if slashing one  s throat is done by a virtual agent . also  this murder was supposed to be done by a tiny fragile woman on a high strong male  and she cut his throat    did she ask him  politely  to bend down for her  much more stupidity of that same kind is going on and on leaving the audience wondering if this meant to be a joke which just turned out to be a bad one . continuity is another huge problem as for instance the eager  hungry groom is lying in bed  waiting for his virgin  bride to get out of the bathroom and after a long while  falls asleep      . next scene opens with the young couple entering the reception  area  asking for guidance to scenery spots  not a word about last night    such a waste of time even to try and write about this low  low supposed  to  be  movie  .  
as a writer i find films this bad making it into production a complete slap in the face . talk about insulting . i was writing better stories than this in  th grade . bad acting  bad writing  bad directing and when added all together the result is complete and total failure .  br    br   the only thing this movie manages to accomplish is tricking the unsuspecting consumer into wasting their time . who would green light something so poorly written  it  s not artistic  clever  smart  suspenseful  mysterious  scary  dramatic  nothing .  br    br   the characters are flat and boring with no development . the plot is as recycled as an aluminum can . they somehow managed to cast a few very familiar actors who all must be pretty desperate for work or hoping one of these low budget independent movies will turn out to be the next  pulp fiction  . this script should have been used to line a bird cage  not a movie .  br    br   oh and last but not least  a       lb woman of course has the strength to kill men and women twice her size without a struggle and in a single blow .  br    br   avoid this bomb like it will infect you with an std .  
ho  hum . an inventor  s  horst buchholz  deadly biological weapon is in danger of falling into the wrong hands . unknowingly his son  luke perry  has been working on the antedote all along . enter cia agent olivia d  abo and the cat  and  mouse car chases and gunfire begins . also in the cast aretom conti  hendrick haese and an aging roger moore . moore seems to haggardly move through this mess definitely not one of his better efforts . perry fans will be accepting . d  abo is wrong for the role  but nice to look at .  
i regret every single second of the time i lost while watching this movie  really . unhappily  i always find it hard to switch off a movie once i started watching it . especially  when it  s such a classic or what people use to call a classic . i think that this is one of those movies every movie  lover should have watched at least one time  so that was why i watched it . don  t get me wrong  i like humphrey bogart and his wife lauren bacall both as a couple and as actors  but this movie was a big fraud in my opinion . no really good plot  neither an espionage flick nor a romantic love story . well  not even a convincing mixture of both of these genres . only thing which caused tension was that it was uncertain whether  bogey  and bacall would stay together in the end or part from one another . i think  to have and have not  is very overrated and bogart was in many better films during the     s .  
or  marlowe at sea  . yet another ridiculously overrated old film with bogey . quite talky  too . bogey basically plays the same character as in the marlow films always in control of a situation  never nervous  no matter how dangerous a situation  calls women  slim  and  dames  and other such nonsense  is the only  real male  i . e . alpha male in the movie  the only other alpha male male being the head of gestapo  but he is only a fat alpha male male   and  naturally  every attractive young woman who comes his way cannot resist his charms and wants his penis within hours of their initial introduction . the character clichs are all here . bogey is supposed to be the same type of cynic  about  to  reform as in  casablanca   and naturally he often refuses money or other valuables when being offered them  but how does that fit in with the tough cynic in him  it doesn  t  so he can  t be a cynic hawks wanted it both ways a character who is both the  cool lone cynic  and yet a well  meaning humanitarian . i don  t think so . . . bacall does her non  chalant  cool babe  routine for the first time  and there are plenty of overrated  not all  too interesting so  called  sexual innuendo  exchanges between her and bogey these dialogues sound silly by today  s standards .  just purse your lips and whistle . . .  . a load of crap . . . she was   when this was made but looks a lot older  and is far less attractive than the female stars of the day . her bony face  with its sharp features  is nowhere even close to radiating the kind of feminine beauty of a de havilland  the cuteness of a myrna loy  let alone the likability of an irene dunne . bacall was more suited for playing vampires  not femme  fatales .  in real life she is very much like her face a hollywood bitch .  there is a scene in which bacall breaks into tears very unsuitable for her character . there are two or three bad musical numbers  but my fast  forward button was ready .  br    br   if you  re interested in reading my  biographies  of bogart  bacall  huston  and other hollywood personalities  contact me by e  mail .  
i enjoyed the first reviewer  s comment far more than i did the film when i saw it at a second  run theatre in the early     s . i was impressed then by the care taken to create costumes modelled so closely after the tenniel drawings . but to me  the cast was largely squandered  their personalities muffled by the masks  while the direction i think of as being unusually static  and the photography murky . the rating jotted down at the time was a nought  which means  not worth sitting through even once  .  br    br   still  i too would jump at a chance to have a second look .  
this is one of those films that i could only sit through once . charlotte henry is fine   in fact  all the actors were fine . the problem was in the script  the dialog  the direction  the editing  the sets and the special effects . granted  this was      but it really creaked . part of the problem is that actors like richard arlen  gary cooper  w . c . fields and cary grant are not recognizable  there faces cried for a recognition that was not forthcoming  . the movie just clumped along with no cohesion . much of lewis carrols spirit  humor and continuity are missing . what a pity  it  s such a great book . i would recommend disney  s     version .  
a family moves into a old house in japan . but there  s a catch it  s haunted  boo     . aw  didn  t mean to make you jump . it  s only a review . settle back down . ahem  now anyways it  s haunted by an old samurai who killed his wife  her lover in slow motion . this naturally makes a  minutes scene stretch out to about  or  . horrid acting . horrid story . but how bad can it be you ask  well it was so bad my brain started to melt  leak out through my nose in thoughtful drips . it was so bad whenever doug mcclure came on  screen i prayed that i had flashbacks of small wonder  yes  i know doug was in  out of this world   not  small wonder   but it  s pretty much the same damn show   i can hum the  small wonder  theme better  there are movies that are so bad they  re good . this isn  t one of those  br    br   where i saw it showtime beyond  br    br   my grade f   br    br   eye candy mako hattori gets topless  susan george gets  love scenes  one nude  one just topless   br    br    
this is a rotten movie . the cast seem to know just how bad it was . it starts badly and by the end is truly bad . the acting is woeful . the script could of been written on the spot . and although the movie is a horror film it has no scary scenes . crap  out of    
i saw this film at a pre  release screening at the writers guild theater in beverly hills . as i recall  the film  s producers and director were in attendance  presumably to gage our reaction .  br    br   many scenes evoked gales of laughter from the audience  which would have been fine if it had been a comedy  but it was supposed to be a horror film .  br    br   if the audience wasn  t scared  it seems the filmmakers were . they delayed release for over a year . out of curiosity i saw it again to see if they  d re  cut it as far as i can tell  they hadn  t . it was the same lousy movie  just a year older .  br    br   it almost qualifies as  so bad  it  s good   but it  s slow  paced and boring .  
aside for being classic in the aspect of its cheesy lines and terrible acting  this film should never be watched unless you are looking for a good cure for your insomnia . i can  t imagine anyone actually thinking this was a  good movie .   
while the premise behind the house where evil dwells may be intriguing  the execution is downright pathetic . i  m not even sure where to begin as i  ve got so many problems with this movie . i suppose i  ll just number a few of them  br    br    . the acting  when you see that edward albert  doug mcclure  and susan george  and her teeth  are the stars of your movie  you know you  re in trouble  not that it matters much to me  but these are hardly a  list names . susan george may have been in a couple of movies i enjoy  but i  ve never considered her the greatest actress i  ve ever seen . and in this movie  her acting is embarrassing . as for the other two  the less said the better .  br    br    . the ghosts  the ghosts or spirits or whatever you want to call them reminded me quite a bit of the ghosts in the haunted mansion ride . at disney world . and  they are about as frightening . and why did they have to be so obvious  subtlety is not a characteristic of the house where evil dwells .  br    br    . the plot  how predictable can one movie be  the outcome of this movie is painfully obvious once you meet the three main characters . if you couldn  t see where this movie was headed after about   minutes  you need to see more movies .  br    br    . the convenient priest  what are the chances that the haunted house you buy just happens to be across the street from a group of japanese monks  not to mention that one of them knows the history of your house and comes over  knocks on the door  and asks if you need help removing evil spirits . absurd is a word that comes to mind .  br    br    . everything else  it  s very difficult for me to think of any positives to write about . i suppose i  ll give it a point for the opening scene and a point for the house  s architecture . that  s a sure sign of a winner  noting the architecture as a highlight of any film doesn  t say much about the actual movie .  br    br   i  ll stop . you should be able to get the idea from what i  ve already mentioned . and  i haven  t even mentioned the annoying little girl or the invasion of the crabs or a multitude of other problems . be warned  this thing is horrible .  
film starts in     japan in which a man slashes his wife and her lover to death and the commits suicide . it  s a very gory  bloody sequence . then it jumps to present day . . . well     to be precise . ted  edward albert   wife laura  susan george  and their annoying little kid move to japan for hubby  s work . they rent a house and   surprise  surprise   it just happens to be the house where the murders took place  the three dead people are around as ghosts  the makeup is hysterically bad  and make life hell for the family .  br    br   sounds ok   but it  s really hopeless . there  s a bloody opening and ending and nothing happens in between . there is an attack by giant crabs which is just uproarious  they look so fake   i swear i saw the strings pulling one along   and they  re muttering      there  s a pointless sex sequence in the first   minutes  probably just to show off george  s body   another one about   minutes later  but that was necessary to the plot  and a really silly exorcism towards the end . the fight scene between albert and doug mcclure must be seen to be believed .  br    br   as for acting   albert was ok as the husband and mcclure was pretty good as a family friend . but george   as always   is terrific in a lousy film . she gives this film a much needed lift   but can  t save it . i  m giving this a  just for her and the gory opening and closing . that aside  this is a very boring film .  
that this poor excuse for an amateur hour showcase was heralded at sundance is a great example of what is wrong with most indie filmmakers these days .  br    br   first of all  there is such a thing as the art of cinematography . just picking up a   mm camera and pointing it at whomever has a line does not make for a real movie .  br    br   i guess we have to consider ourselves lucky the director didn  t pick up someone  s camcorder . . .  br    br   second  indie films are supposed to be about real people . there  s nothing real in this film . none of the characters come across as being even remotely human .  br    br   what they come across as being is figments of the imagination of a writer trying to impress his buddies by showing them how  cool and edgy  he is .  br    br   sorry  but this is not good writing  or good directing .  br    br   what is left is a husk of a bad movie that somehow made its way to sundance . hard to believe this was one of the best films submitted . . .  br    br   in any case  it made me loose what was left of my respect for the sundance brand .  
i don  t think anyone sitting down to view this film would be expecting anything remotely appearing like a classic ghost story but you have to ask yourself when it  s over if you were ever scared . this doesn  t really work on that level but the cast does try hard and the film doesn  t tack on one of those happy endings . story is about an american couple who travel to kyoto  japan so that ted fletcher  edward albert  can write a book and he brings along his wife laura  susan george  and their daughter amy  amy barrett  . their friend alex curtis  doug mcclure  who works at the american consulate helps them find a house to live in and he finds one that is haunted . about    years earlier in the same house a samurai found his wife cheating on him and he kills both of them and then commits suicide . their ghosts still inhabit the house and when the fletcher  s arrive it doesn  t take long before strange things start happening .  br    br   spoiler alert  br    br   at times the ghosts inhabit the bodies of the fletcher  s and they start to act like the japanese people that they were before and laura starts to flirt with alex which leads to an affair . meanwhile  ted starts behaving more strict and after he pours soup down the throat of amy he goes to ask a monk for help . unfortunately the ghosts get ted  laura  and alex to play out their death scene like it happened    years earlier .  br    br   this film was directed by kevin connor who is known as a good television director but he has made horror and science fiction films before and has worked with mcclure on some of them . while this never comes close to being scary or developing atmosphere it does have two things in it that i liked . first  it doesn  t have one of those sappy endings where the couple embrace after defeating the demons . instead  it ends in a very bloody fight where everyone succumbs to the evil of the ghosts . secondly  it has susan george in the cast  i  ve always been a fan of hers even though she has appeared in mostly schlock but her performances are always top notch . also she usually appears nude which she does here in two separate scenes and while she doesn  t have classic features she does have a unique tomboy like look about her and it  s one of the reasons why she was so popular . but after appearing in silly films such as this i think it led to her getting out of the business or working only sporadically . this isn  t a bad film but it  s never convincing and watching the ghosts scurry around when the monk gives an exorcism is practically worthy of a giggle or two . the bottom line is that this is silly and i hope george decides to resume her career .  
dull haunted house thriller finds an american family moving into a    year old house in japan where a violent murder suicide love triangle occurred .  br    br   novel setting is about the only element of interest in this very slow moving horror flick by the director of motel hell . the film generates zero suspense and is composed of somewhat choppy scenes that rarely seem to be leading anywhere overall .  br    br   one obvious example is a fairly early scene where the male lead visits a temple after realizing that his house is haunted as the monk had earlier warned . the monk recounts the history of the house  which the viewer is already familiar with from the opening sequence  and then the film simply cuts away to something else . earlier the monk had offered to help . well  where is the help  the family continues to stay in the haunted house as things get worse and worse and no mention of the monk is made until nearly the very end when he turns up again to do what he should have done an hour earlier   try to drive the spirits out of the house  although by this time it  s difficult for the viewers to care .  br    br   there are some  probably  unintentional campy laughs in seeing the american actors at the end become possessed by the japanese spirits and suddenly start doing bad martial arts  i say probably because the scene is more than a little reminiscent of the chainsaw duel from the same director  s motel hell which was more obviously meant to be amusing  but on the whole this is a forgettable dud .  
the film opens with a peaceful shot of a traditional japanese house complete with thatched roof that sits on the side of a small hill and an on screen caption appears that reads  kushiata kyoto  japan      . a young japanese trainee samurai named masanori  toshiya maruyama  walks up the winding path to the house  inside waits otami  mako hattori  with whom he is having an affair behind her husband  shugoro  s  tsuiyuki sasaki as toshiyuki sasaki  back who happens to be masanori  s teacher . shugoro unexpectedly arrives home to find his wife and student having very intimate relations with each other . his honour destroyed the enraged samurai brutally murders both otami and masanori before committing suicide . over a century later and ted fletcher  edward albert  arrives in japan on a working holiday with his wife laura  susan george  and their young daughter amy  amy barrett  . their close friend alex curtis  doug mcclure  who works for the american consulate helps them out by finding them a place to stay  you don  t need me to you where  he jokingly says it  s going so cheap because it  s haunted  to which both ted and laura laugh off as they obviously don  t believe in ghosts  at least for the time being that is . almost immediately the film goes into clich mode . lights turn on and off by themselves  laura has an uneasy feeling about the place and a local zen monk  henry mitowa  gives them an ominous warning for them to leave before it  s too late which they ignore  of course . the spirits of otami  masanori and shugoro were doomed for eternity to remain within the walls of the house because of a majyo witches  tsuyako olajima  curse put upon them . but there may be a way they can break the curse  unfortunately for the fletcher family it could potentially cost them their marriage  daughter and possibly even their very lives .  br    br   directed by kevin connor i thought this was a pretty average film  ok to watch once if you  ve got nothing better to do but after a day or two you  ll probably have completely forgotten it . nothing sticks in the memory as being particularly bad but on the other hand there  s nothing particularly good about the film either . the script by robert suhosky from the novel by james hardiman is a little on the dull side and strictly by  the  numbers  a lot of ghostly goings on happen throughout the film but none of it is very interesting or exciting and the flat characters and direction doesn  t help things . there are couple of silly sequences like the giant plastic crabs that try to get amy and her babysitter  noriko  mayumi umeda  . and there is a scene where the zen monk exorcises the house and the ghosts are banished outside unable to get back in  however that is until ted simply opens the door and they just walk right back in  some exorcism  one more thing  i think it was a bad idea to have doug mcclure who was   when he made this  try his hand at kung  fu and oriental sword fighting  george gets her ample breasts out a couple of times including a very unerotic sex scene with mcclure  although great pains and a couple of bed sheets that stick to them like super glue were taken to ensure no below the waist nudity was present . apart from a couple of mostly off screen decapitations there  s no blood  gore or violence to speak about . the  transparent  ghost effects are ok but they ain  t going to impress many people these days . it  s professionally enough made and looks quite nice but the potential in the japanese setting and myths is squandered as this film could have been set in america  england or any western country without having to change a thing . an ok time waster .  
this can be one of the most enjoyable movies ever if you don  t take it seriously . it is a bit dated and the effects are lame  but it is so enjoyable . there are giant crabs that attack a girl . oh  and the crabs sing japanese . it is amazingly bad . and the ending  which has been telegraphed throughout the entire film is hideously awesome . predictable  but seeing the final fight will leave you rolling in your seat . don  t even give this film a chance and you will love it . susan george is fun to watch and yes  she does appear naked . her daughter isn  t quite worth putting up with  but she does get attacked by giant crabs . they are the size of large cats . this is a   but i love it . as a movie  my god  but for entertainment  i give it a  . did i mention there are giant crabs   
 . . it  s this one  very cool premise  right off the bat .  br    br   has an excellent first scene  gotta give credit where credit  s due .  br    br   has solid characters and a decent enough script for a ghost story but here are the things that bothered me whenever the ghosts appeared  which i really liked by the way how it was done  how it looked . . . the only thing was the ghost  s relationship . because of the way things went down in the first scene you  d think their dynamic would be different .  br    br   things slowed down a little too much in the middle i felt  and the crab  spider scene was just not good . but then the ending is actually very good  sure   the grudge  basically told the same story with a polished lens but no samurai  s and that  s what i liked about this movie comparatively .  br    br   please  someone one with a tempered style remake this movie .  br    br   fans of  silent rage  would absolutely love this movie .  
at the beginning of the film  you might double  check the dvd cover and re  read the synopsis a couple of times  but no worries . it  s not  memoirs of a geisha  that you purchased just a movie with an intro that is much more classy and stylish than it has any right to be . still  the opening is by far the best thing about the entire movie  as it shows how in the year     a samurai sword master catches his wife committing adultery . he decapitates the two lovers before doing some hara  kiri  ritual suicide through disembowelment  . cut to present day  when the american ambassador in japan welcomes a befriended family and drives them up to the same house where the aforementioned slaughter took place nearly one and a half century ago . from then onwards  this becomes a seemingly routine haunted house flick yet the utterly retarded and implausible script still makes it somewhat exceptional . let  s start with the good aspects  namely the original japanese setting and the presence of the delicious susan george who is my all  time favorite british horror wench  well  together with britt eckland  linda hayden and ingrid pitt  . the bad aspects simply include that the screenplay is incoherent  imbecilic beyond repair and full of supposedly unsettling twists that only evoke laughter . the restless spirits of the house soon begin to entertain themselves by perpetrating into the bodies of the new tenants and causing them to do and say all sorts of crazy stuff . the spirit of the massacred adulterous woman particularly enjoys squeezing into susan  s ravishing booty and transforming her into a lewd seductress  in this  possessed  state  she even lures the american ambassador outside to have sex in the garden of a high society diner party full of prominent guests . so  strictly spoken  it  s not really  evil  that dwells in the house just a trio of sleazy ghosts with dirty minds and far too much free time on their long  dead hands  obviously these scenes are more comical than frightening  especially since the light  blue and transparent shapes remind you of the cute ghost effects that were later popularized in  ghostbusters  .  the house where evil dwells  is probably the least scary ghost movie ever . throughout most of the running time  you  ll be wondering whether director kevin connor  who nevertheless made the excellent horror films  motel hell  and  from beyond the grave   intentionally wanted to make his movie funny and over  the  top  like  motel hell  maybe . but then again  everyone in the cast continues to speak his  her lines with a straight and sincere face  so i guess we are nevertheless supposed to take everything seriously and feel disturbed .  the house where evil dwells  is never suspenseful or even remotely exciting and it doesn  t even contain any grisly images apart from the massacre at the beginning . i am fully aware of how shallow it sounds  but the two scenes in which susan george goes topless are the only true highlights . well  those and maybe also the invasion of cheesy and ridiculously over  sized spiders  or are they crabs   in the daughter  s bedroom . how totally random and irrelevant was that  if you ever decide to give this movie a chance notwithstanding its bad reputation  make sure you leave your common sense and reasoning at the doorstep .  br    br   trivia note for horror buffs keep an eye open for the demon  mask that was also a pivot piece of scenery in the brilliant japanese horror classic onibaba .  
this could have been interesting  a japan  set haunted house story from the viewpoint of a newly  installed american family  but falls flat due to an over  simplified treatment and the unsuitability of both cast and director .  br    br   the film suffers from the same problem i often encounter with the popular modern renaissance of such native fare  i . e . the fact that the spirits demonstrate themselves to be evil for no real reason other than that they  re expected to  besides  it doesn  t deliver much in the scares department  a giant crab attack is merely silly  as  generally  the ghosts inhabit a specific character and cause him or her to act in a totally uncharacteristic way  such as susan george seducing diplomat  friend  of  the  family doug mcclure and edward albert force  feeding his daughter a bowl of soup   br    br   at one point  an old monk turns up at the house to warn albert of the danger if they remain there  eventually  he  s called upon to exorcise the premises . however  history is bound to repeat itself and tragedy is the only outcome of the tense situation duly created  leading to a violent yet unintentionally funny climax in which albert and mcclure  possessed by the spirits of their japanese predecessors  engage in an impromptu karate duel to the death  at the end of the day  this emerges an innocuous time  waster  tolerable at just   minutes but  in no way  essential viewing .  
giant crabs cursing in japanese  what was in that drink  a terrible movie  but laughable . i love the invisible samurai ghosties running around . drink much beer before you see this movie .  
from reading all of the comments posted here on imdb  this movie seems to get ragged on a lot  but i didn  t think it was that bad . i  ve seen much worse  actually .  br    br    the house where evil dwells  is a ghost story about a husband and his wife  ted and laura fletcher  and their daughter  amy  who move into an old house in japan . little do they know  a japanese ninja brutally murdered his wife and her lover  and then killed himself    years earlier with a samurai sword . as strange things happen in the house  the ghosts of the previous residents begin to possess the bodies of the living  and plan on re  enacting the bloody murder that took place    years back .  br    br   i saw this movie and decided to give it a chance  from the cover it looked like a decent ghost story . it was routine  and it was corny  but i  ve seen worse in my day . the ghost sequences were a little over  done  we get to see the translucent blue  tinted figures randomly pop up randomly around the family  and take over their bodies . to be honest  the ghosts in this movie kind of reminded me of the ghosts in the haunted mansion ride at disneyland . i may be mistaken  but after watching this  it seemed to me that the japanese horror film  ju  on the grudge  and the american remake of that film ripped this off a little . the old japanese home where a brutal murder took place  ghostly activity  curses put on the home  etc . but i may be wrong .  br    br   to sum it up  this is a pretty corny ghost story . don  t go out of your way to see it  but if you like this kind of thing and it happens to come on tv you can give it a shot .     .  
director kevin connor and wannabe action  hero  romantic lead doug mcclure  re  team in this ghost story set in japan . they had been moderately successful together in the      s  with the likes of  the land that time forgot          at the earth  s core        etc . without plastic monsters to carry the narrative along though  the results are shabby and derivative in the most corny way .  br    br   the film begins with a prologue set in the   th century  with a samurai husband killing his wife and her lover before committing suicide . a move forward to the present introduces married couple ted  laura  visiting japan and moving in to the house where the tragedy took place .  br    br   no surprises as to what happens next  with the spirits of the dead starting to take over the new inhabitants with family friend alex  mcclure  assuming the role of the wife  s lover .  br    br   everything rumbles clumsily along with the elegance and grace of a charging elephant  to an inevitable  but surprisingly downbeat  conclusion . main points of interest are two feeble decapitations   the omen  has a lot to answer for in promoting this as a standard horror set  piece   and the love  making scenes featuring the doe  eyed but extremely kinky susan george . the first is a long  don  t look now  inspired piece with her hubby  complete with piano music the second a much shorter  probably at her insistence  entanglement with mcclure  both looking pretty uncomfortable . anyway  every cloud has a silver lining and both scenes show of her fantastic knockers so all is not lost .  br    br   overall i can  t decide whether  the house where evil dwells  is rubbish  watchable rubbish  or entertaining in a masochistic kind of way . if you  re not into the genre there is nothing here at all  but for horror fans there is probably enough to provoke the odd rye smile and appreciative nod of respect for effort .  br    br   best scene  in any other film the big  black  tree  climbing  japanese  muttering mechanical crabs would have stolen the show . they are eclipsed though by the legendary family meal scene  where a ghostly head appears in the daughters soup . on seeing this apparition she asks what kind of soup it is        to be told beef and vegetable  before uttering the immortal line  ugh  there  s an awful face in my soup  . if this wasn  t enough the reply is  c  mon  eat your soup for daddy .  laurel  hardy rest in piece .  
raising victor vargas is just a bad film . no amount of denial or ad  dollar supported publicity with change this sad fact .  br    br   maybe peter sollett saw he didn  t have the money to do the movie he wanted to make and decided to take the easy way out by making a bad film that cynically apes the tenets of current  edgy film  making  . maybe he just doesn  t know any better . it  s hard to tell .  br    br   what  s not hard to tell is the result . except for a few viewers who will intellectualize the bad film  making into an attempt at pseudo  realism  few will enjoy it .  br    br   i know i didn  t .  br    br   do yourselves a favor and pass on this film .  
i just rented and watched this movie just to see what  s all the fuss about . so here  s what my reactions to it are . it  s easily seen that this is a low budget film with poor actors . the main plot of this movie is about a woman getting revenge on her rapists . this concept if done right could easily turn out to be a really provocative film . however  the movie doesn  t shock or disturb me at all . it just bored me . this movie could be easily shortened to under   minutes . all lot of scenes are mainly there to fill in time  like those scenery scenes and some scenes i described below .  br    br   contains spoiler i find the rape scenes quite tame . i don  t know if i have watched the cut or uncut version  if there is actually such a version . i also found many plot holes within the already badly written plot . here  s a list on top of my mind .  br    br   why don  t the rapists rape jennifer during the night when she walked out her house to find out what those noise are . that would be an excellent time .  br    br   why don  t they just gang rape her  instead of delaying some of the rapists the pleasure and lengthening jennifer  s ordeal by such a long time . it would probably be more shocking and disturbing that way .  br    br   i found it really stupid that the rapists left her in the forest and head back to her house . maybe to show that these rapists are really imbeciles .  br    br   these rapists should at least know that if you want to do a dirty job right  they shouldn  t send a coward imbecile to do the job .  br    br   why didn  t jennifer call the police when the rapists finally left  which should be the first thing that pops up in most people  s mind  especially for someone who is a writer .  br    br   why didn  t these rapists smell danger miles away when they saw jennifer is alive   br    br   i find it really amazing that a slender lady like camille can pull a man up a tree and hang him . ends spoiler  br    br   but hey  this movie is not without its merits  camille keaton is gorgeous and i get to hear one of the funniest line i have recently heard when matthew protest of going back into the house and kills jennifer  why me  why me  i didn  t even cm      
i  ve seen the gator bait films  and this is almost exactly the same thing as those . a woman is sexually assaulted by a group of degenerate men and systematically exacts her vicious revenge on each of them . the thing that sets this movie apart from those ones  although not very far  is that the sexual content is not glorified . there is full frontal nudity many times throughout the film  but not for a second is it ever sexy . some of the rape scenes might seem a little extensive  but that  s only because the movie is trying to strengthen the audience  s need to see this woman seek revenge .  br    br   this is a weak film  it has no other way to maintain interest other than manipulating our natural desire to see this woman get revenge on her attackers . i spit on your grave is not the kind of movie that you expect to deliver a serious moral  but i was glad to see that  since it contained a significant amount of violence inflicted upon the female lead  it was not meant to pass off as a ta film .  br    br   b  movies are notorious for being driven by nudity and out of control adolescent sexuality  and while i spit on you grave is unmistakably a b  movie and contains more than its share of nudity  the nudity does not drive the plot . on the other hand  the only thing that drives the plot is an empty necessity for revenge against a group of rapists . these men are evolutionary drop  outs just like they were in the gator bait films  and the biggest challenge for the writers seems to have been to come up with new and exciting ways to kill them  but the reason the film can never be anything more than a meaningless b  movie is because it does not deliver a message of any kind  but instead it simply satisfies the audience  s desire to see a bunch of rapists get exactly what they deserve .  br    br   the one problem that this leaves is that we have to sit through the sexual attacks . oddly  the first half of the film is the part that contains the most nudity  although not by much   but it is by far the most painful to watch . we are even let down a little as we watch the woman obtain revenge since a couple of the deaths were so elaborate that they were obviously impossible  it seems like pure luck that the guy in the lake at the end felt such an overwhelming desire to hug the motor on the boat and press his genitalia against the propeller  staying that way while the woman yells some final words at him and pulls the cord   but again  this movie satisfies only the desire for revenge that the first half filled us with .  br    br    spoilers  you know that this is all the movie means to do  since it literally ends the minute the last guy is killed . the woman does not live happily ever after  she doesn  t write her book  she doesn  t leave and never return to that nightmare place  she just gets in the boat and motors around the lake while the movie simply stops in its tracks . but hey  what more did you expect   br    br   oh  and did you read the tagline  if you decide to waste your time watching this  try and find any man getting broken or burned . i was really looking forward to those  
i  m not going to bother with a plot synopsis since you know what the movie is about and there  s almost no plot  anyway . i  ve seen several reviewers call isoyg an  anti  rape  film or even a feminist statement  and i just have to chime in on the galling hypocrisy of these claims .  br    br   first of all  what do we see on the cover of this movie  that  s right a shapely woman  s behind . whether it was zarchi  s attempt to make an anti  rape statement  and i absolutely don  t believe it was  is entirely beside the point . the film is marketing sex and the titillation of sexual assault and the material is so graphic  everything but actual penetration is shown  that no one but the hard core exploitation crowd will enjoy it .  br    br   the rape  s  in the film is uncomfortable  brutal and hard to watch . there  s something to be said for presenting a horrible crime in such a brutal light  but there was no reason for this scene to go on for seemingly   minutes  none . there was also little character development of the victim and only one of the rapists is slightly developed  mere moments before he  s murdered  so the scene isn  t at all engaging on an emotional level . really  it  s just presented for the sake of showing extreme sexual violence and you can tell by the movies isoyg is associated with on imdb  caligula  cannibal ferox  etc .  that it attracts only the exploitation crowd .  br    br   finally  a few reviewers have commended zarchi  s so  called documentary style and lack of a soundtrack . but considering how inept everything else in the film is  acting  script  etc .  i suspect these were financial decisions and the film looks like a documentary because he literally stationed a camera and let his porn  caliber actors do their thing .  br    br   i  m not going to get all up on my high horse talking about the content of isoyg . i  m all for exploitation  horror and love video nasties . in fact  i  m giving this movie three stars only because it truly does push the envelope so much further than some other films . however  it  s also poorly made and after the rape occurs  just downright boring for the rest of the film as we watch a bunch of ho  hum  mostly gore  less murders and wait for the credits to roll .  br    br   this is probably worth watching once if you  re a hardcore   s exploitation fan but i  m telling you  the movie is overall pretty bad and not really worth its notorious reputation .  
okay  you have  br    br   penelope keith as miss herringbone  tweed  b . b . e .  backbone of england .  she  s killed off in the first scene  that  s right  folks this show has no backbone   br    br   peter o  toole as ol  colonel cricket from the first war and now the emblazered lord of the manor .  br    br   joanna lumley as the ensweatered lady of the manor    years younger than the colonel and   years past her own prime but still glamourous  brit spelling  not mine  enough to have a toy  boy on the side . it  s alright  they have col . cricket  s full knowledge and consent  they guy even comes  round for christmas   still  she  s considerate of the colonel enough to have said toy  boy her own age  what a gal    br    br   david mccallum as said toy  boy  equally as pointlessly glamourous as his squeeze . pilcher couldn  t come up with any cover for him within the story  so she gave him a hush  hush job at the circus .  br    br   and finally  br    br   susan hampshire as miss polonia teacups  venerable headmistress of the venerable girls  boarding  school  serving tea in her office with a dash of deep  poignant advice for life in the outside world just before graduation . her best bit of advice  i  ve only been to nancherrow  the local stately home of england  once . i thought it was very beautiful but  somehow  not part of the real world .  well  we can  t say they didn  t warn us .  br    br   ah  susan  time was  your character would have been running the whole show . they don  t write  em like that any more . our loss  not yours .  br    br   so  with a cast and setting like this  you have the re  makings of  brideshead revisited   right   br    br   wrong  they took these   dimensional supporting roles because they paid so well . after all  acting is one of the oldest temp  jobs there is  you name another    br    br   first warning sign lots and lots of backlighting . they get around it by shooting outdoors   hey  it  s just the sunlight    br    br   second warning sign leading lady cries a lot . when not crying  her eyes are moist . that  s the law of romance novels leading lady is  dewy  eyed .   br    br   henceforth  leading lady shall be known as l . l .  br    br   third warning sign l . l . actually has stars in her eyes when she  s in love . still  i  ll give emily mortimer an award just for having to act with that spotlight in her eyes  i wonder . did they use contacts    br    br   and lastly  fourth warning sign no on  screen female character is  mrs .  she  s either  miss  or  lady .   br    br   when all was said and done  i still couldn  t tell you who was pursuing whom and why . i couldn  t even tell you what was said and done .  br    br   to sum up they all live through world war ii without anything happening to them at all .  br    br   ok  at the end  l . l . finds she  s lost her parents to the japanese prison camps and baby sis comes home catatonic . meanwhile  there  s always a  meanwhile    some young guy l . l . had a crush on  when  i don  t know  comes home from some wartime tough spot and is found living on the street by lady of the manor  must be some street if she  s going to find him there .  both war casualties are whisked away to recover at nancherrow  somebody has to be  whisked away  somewhere in these romance stories    br    br   great drama .  
with knightly and o  tool as the leads  this film had good possibilities  and with mccallum as the bad guy after knightly  maybe some tension . but they threw it all away on silly evening frill and then later on with maudlin war remnants . it was of course totally superficial  beautiful english country and seaside or not . the number one mistake was dumping knightly so early on in the film  when she could easily have played someone a couple of years older  instead of choosing someone ten years older to play the part . they missed all the chances to have great conflict among the cast  and instead stupidly pulled at the easy and low  cost heartstring elements .  
quite what the producers of this appalling adaptation were trying to do is impossible to fathom .  br    br   a group of top quality actors  in the main well cast  with a couple of notable exceptions   who give pretty good performances . penelope keith is perfect as aunt louise and equally good is joanna lumley as diana . all do well with the scripts they were given .  br    br   so much for the good . the average would include the sets . nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book  although bizarrely the house they use for the dower house looks remarkably like it . it is clear then that the dower house is far too big . in the later parts  the writers decided to bring the entire story back to the uk  presumably to save money  although with a little imagination i have no doubt they could have recreated ceylon .  br    br   now to the bad . the screenplay . this is such an appallingly bad adaptation is hard to find words to condemn it . edward does not die in the battle of britain but survives  blinded . he makes a brief appearance then commits suicide  why   loveday has changed from the young woman totally in love with gus to a sensible farmer  s wife who can give up the love her life with barely a tear  less emotional than brief encounter  . gus  a man besotted and passionately in love  is prepared to give up his love without complaint . walter  mudge in the book  turns from a shallow unfaithful husband to a devoted family man . jess is made into a psychologically disturbed young woman who won  t speak . aunt biddy still has a drink problem but now without any justification . the dower house is occupied by the army for no obvious reason other than a very short scene with jess who has a fear of armed soldiers . whilst miss mortimer  s breasts are utterly delightful  i could not see how their display on several occasions moved the plot forward . the delightfully named nettlebed becomes the mundane dobson . the word limit prevents me from continuing the list .  br    br   there is a sequel  which i lost all interest in watching after this nonsense  and i wonder if the changes were made to create the follow on story . it is difficult to image that rosamunde pilcher would have approved this grotesque perversion of her book presumably she lost her control when the rights were purchased .  
being a filmmaker myself  and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour  i thought i was in for a treat when i took home  my wrongs . . .   not that the dvd cover gives anything away  instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director  chris morris   a short film including scenes   . i should have known better really  and avoided this insipid  and often offensive  piece of twoddle .  br    br   the scene in the church is repulsive to watch  especially since we are all too familiar with morris  s warped attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious tv series  brass eye  and serves no purpose other than to shock . how this film is labelled a comedy i will never understand .  br    br   the runner  s commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle  having been a runner myself  it  s often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process   however this is sadly not the case here . instead  we are treated to some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film  before concluding that there are no really great movies starring dogs . this is all very interesting  but not worth a single frame of celluloid .  br    br   to say that this film goes nowhere would be an understatement . it relies far too heavily upon its heightened style  at the expense of plot  character and dialogue  leaving the viewer strangely perturbed and unfulfilled . its over  simplified message  that man should take responsibility for his actions  is both glaringly obvious and poorly illustrated .  br    br   the film does have its moments of pseudo  kafkaesque surrealism  but ultimately  it fails to convince  to entertain  to enlighten and just ends up being irritating . if you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking  i strongly recommend  franz kafka  s it  s a wonderful life   by peter capaldi .  
simply not the quality i expected from morris  love brass eye and blue jam  . this is very much like a not so bad student film . what concerns me  in all this is why did it win a bafta    morris makes fun of  enshrined mediocrity   ayn rand  in much of his work  nathan barley  and yet with this piece is urinating down the backs of the talented and telling us its raining   br    br   i just hope as he has chosen a subject i would love to tackle  the humanity of terrorism  four lions  that he isn  t going to cock that up  wasting the opportunity to make a statement about the farce of mainstream ignorance and opinion on this emotive and heavily spun phenomena .  
there  s nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets . it  s just that some are better than others . this is very poor . the acting is awful  the script dire and the special effects overrated .  br    br   why does hollywood treat it  s audience with such contempt  and why have they made a sequel   
one of the major flaws in this film is that while the mocking of pretentious yuppies is satisfying  it fails to realize that the movie makers themselves are guilty of being one of those that deserve to be mocked . one of the characteristics of these yuppie types is the conceited misunderstanding that they  the yuppies  are the only ones sophisticated enough to understand art . while the movie ignores this characteristic and instead focuses on their misunderstandings of dinning  i find it ironic that only people who enjoy this movie boast the same conceited taste in films as the characters do in their choice of dinner . if these pompous characters that were in this movie have a video library at home  i would bet that american psycho would be one of those movies .  
this  film  is one of the most dreadful things i have ever seen .  br    br   please do yourselves a favor and avoid this incompetent concoction .  br    br   shaking the camera and having your actors adopt scowls does not count as  direction   which this film needed in droves . not that the writing was all the wonderful  rather we were left with a bunch of completely artificial characters directed in that most artificial way  the pseudo  documentary  style  prized by those who don  t know how to direct  .  br    br   this film gives the impression that it was done cynically to appeal to critics who don  t know the first thing about film  making  which is most of them  .  br    br   just terrible . it says a lot about sundance and what it  s become that victor vargas was showcased there .  
without wishing to be a killjoy  brad sykes is responsible for at least two of the most dull and clichd films i  ve ever seen  this being one of them  and camp blood being another .  br    br   the acting is terrible  the print is shoddy  and everything about this film screams  seriously  you could do better yourself  . maybe this is a challenge to everyone to saturate youtube with our own zombie related crap   br    br   i bought this for    but remember  you can  t put a price on   minutes of your life . you  d do well to avoid this turkey  even at a bargain basement price .  
enough is enough . . . sometimes they just need to stop making movies based on a concept that is long dead . the first tremors movie was great . the second one was ridiculous . the third one was nauseating . the tv series was depressingly awful . and this movie just drives the stake deeper .  br    br   basically another excuse for cheap computer effects and puppetry  now we have the series set in the wild west  in the      s  and they fight graboids . like a rehash of the first one  they have to learn how to beat them all over again . mildly entertaining i suppose . otherwise this straight  to  video release  just like tremors  and   is just going way too far . oh and i continue to wonder how there is never any record of these events taking place . . . did they just simply forget to record this unprecedented event  i think something like this would be history  making  so our pals in the first film wouldn  t be so unprepared .  br    br   movies like this that ruin the original just make me crazy . avoid this garbage .  
dear dear dear dear dear . . . me  i had the strength to see it through . . . but why    br    br   the first two films where fun and actually somewhat good . but this is so bad we had problems seeing the whole thing . this was some kind of tremors for kids . i can  t believe this movie was made at all . . seems like the props where taken from some bad western series of some kind  for kids  and they just did whatever they could with it .  br    br   what audience is this movie for  i can only think of      year olds . if you  re older than   you  ll have serious problems with this movie . it  s not only slow  but it  s so utterly boring . the characters are overacted  not just a little either  and so stereotyped it  s fun for a while . . but not long enough to not make you want to fling tomatoes at the screen . you know everything that is going to happen too  cause yes . . . you  ve seen it a billion times before in any hero series on tv for kids . i picked all the survivors and all the tremor fodder the second the characters got introduced . it  s so bad . . so wrong . . so . . . crap .  br    br   but ok  we did get a laugh now and then . not just at the silly plot holes  but some scenes where worth a replay or two . . . or one scene that is  where two baby tremors fling themselves at one of the obvious tremor fodder guys . . it  s really a great scene which made us replay it over and over and laugh wholeheartedly . still makes me grin when i think about it . but that only happened one more time sadly . . and that  s when the  badass  gunman shows up and overacts his part wonderfully . . . that and one comment  they spring from the ground like some demonic trout   at this point we where almost crying with laughter . but after that . . nothing could ever top that . .    . . so it  s pretty much downhill from there .  br    br   so tops here are demonic trouts and overacting . if anybody ever tells you this is a good movie . . . he  s either a  plant   vegetable or someone very evil . this movie has got to be the worst of the tremors by far . looking forward to seeing tremors   it  s bound to be box office hit compared to this . . . this . . . goosebumps no . . i  ll leave it at that .  
well . . . tremors i  the original started off in     and i found the movie quite enjoyable to watch . however  they proceeded to make tremors ii and iii . trust me  those movies started going downhill right after they finished the first one  i mean  ass blasters    now  only god himself is capable of answering the question  why in gods name would they create another one of these dumpster dives of a movie   tremors iv cannot be considered a bad movie  in fact it cannot be even considered an epitome of a bad movie  for it lives up to more than that . as i attempted to sit though it  i noticed that my eyes started to bleed  and i hoped profusely that the little girl from the ring would crawl through the tv and kill me . did they really think that dressing the people who had stared in the other movies up as though they we  re from the wild west would make the movie  with the exact same occurrences  any better  honestly  i would never suggest buying this movie  i mean  there are cheaper ways to find things that burn well .  
just a few words . . . . this movie really sucks . it  s like those tv movies with bad cast and plot . it  s amazing how they could make this sequel worse than the iii . don  t waste your time watching this crap  even if you like the tremors movies .  
this  the direct  to  video death rattle of the tremors series  features sixty inspired seconds  sawblade you  ll know it when you see it  and more tedium and filler than you can shake a stick at . tremors  was obviously shot on a cripplingly low budget . that means they only had enough special effects mojo for three or four minutes of precious worm  on  human violence  tops . the lackluster  cliche  spouting cast and hackneyed writing ensure that the remaining hour and a half of the tremors  experience feels at least fifteen thousand years long . only hardcore tremors fans will be able to sit through  much less enjoy this film . if you aren  t among them  don  t bother .  
the fourth  tremors  feature goes back in time  to the year     .  the legend begins  in the small city of  perfection   which was then  rejection  nevada  . as the story begins  seventeen miners are killed by the ghastly  graboids  . some of the characters in the present  day  tremors  films have ancestors  both figurative and literal  in the past . most obvious is the ever  returning michael gross  as hiram gummer  . unlike his descendant  mr . gross is inept with firearms so  he hires gunslinger billy drago  as  black hand  kelly  to shoot  em up some  dirt dragons  .  br    br   this one takes some getting used to  as it takes place in the distant past . it  s like a western with miniature versions of the original film  s monster  graboids  . these tamer  dirt dragons  are nowhere near as terrorizing as their  tremors        counterparts . consequently  in this film  the characters spend an awful lot of time on the ground  which would not have happened in the original movie . and  it was weird to have the citizens give up the fight so quickly  when gross temporarily decides to leave town . why so helpless  why didn  t brent roam  as juan pedilla  immediately rally the people to fight without gross  disappointing .  br    br    tremors   the legend begins       s . s . wilson  michael gross  brent roam  billy drago  
warning this review contains minor spoilers .  br    br   well the writers of the first tremors are officially out of ideas . i  m a big fan of the first movie and the first two sequels are pretty good for straight to video fare . tremors   the legends begins  however  is a very dull movie . where the heck are the graboids     br    br   due to the relative lack of graboids through the first   minutes i  m convinced that this entry into the series is suppose to be a  character study  . unfortunately there isn  t one interesting character in the movie except for billy drago  s character who is given too few lines  too little to do and in the end too little screen time . what saved the  nd and  rd movies was the presence of michael gross as burt gummer . whenever there wasn  t any action on the screen you could rest assured that burt gummer was going to be interesting to listen too and  or watch . however in this movie gross plays hiram gummer a very poor and boring substitute .  br    br   on the plus side when the graboids  dirt dragons in this movie  are on the screen they do look good but that is about as good as it gets .  br    br   i was impressed when i saw that tremors  was listed at    minutes long . pretty good for straight to video . but after watching it i  m sure that this movie is a good   minutes too long . there are long stretches of dialogue that is boring and doesn  t further the plot any . was there a rush to get this movie made  i think not  more time could have and should have been spent on the script .  br    br   i thought i had hit a gold mine when i saw tremors  packaged for sale with . . . . tremors    what luck i thought  pay for   get   for free . well after watching tremors  i like to think i paid for the original and got this mess for free  i can  t imagine paying a single dime for tremors  . for fans of the series it  s best to forget that tremors   the legend begins even exists .  br    br   tremors   the legend begins rates a  out of   .  
i found tremors  the legend begins  to be dull and boring . all the action scenes were stupid . the so called  graboids  are reduced to the size of a modern day house cat  if not smaller . the acting was horrendous  and this film was just an unnecessary movie in the tremor saga  because even though it tells the story of how the graboids were formed  the story is so dumb and useless . also  if you want to tell a story way back in time  make sure you use the same actor  michael gross   to be someone in the past  when he  s someone in the present in the other tremor movies . geez . . . if you haven  t seen this film  don  t waste your time . stick to tremors      and   for a good time . this film however  make sure you  re remote is sitting right next to you with the stop button working for a quick retreat away from this nonsense .  
if fassbinder has made a worse film  i sure don  t want to see it  anyone who complains that his films are too talky and claustrophobic should be forced to view this  to learn to appreciate the more spare style he opted for in excellent films like  the bitter tears of petra von kant  . this film bogs down with so much arty  quasi  symbolic images it looks like a parody of an  art  film  . the scene in the slaughterhouse and the scene where elvira  s prostitute friend channel  surfs for what seems like ten minutes are just two of the most glaring examples of what makes this film a real test of the viewer  s endurance . but what really angers me about it are the few scenes which feature just elvira and her ex  wife and  or her daughter . these are the only moments that display any real human emotion  and prove that at the core of this horrible film  there was an excellent film struggling to free itself . what a waste .  
as if the storyline wasn  t depressing enough  this movie shows cows being butchered graphically in a slaughterhouse for all of five minutes while the protagonist is narrating her early life as a butcher . weird stuff . then there  s the core premise of the hero  heroine who goes and cuts his dick off because a he  s besot  ten with at work says he would have gone with him if he was a girl . is this person a psycho  a masochist  just a doomed queen who takes things too far  and what sort of traumatic childhood did he have  just that he didn  t get adopted and had to live it out with nuns who at first loved him and then later hated him because he was unruly . he tries to explain to us the reasons he did what he did  but it  s really really so hard to empathize . such sad and unusual self destruction . was it supposed to be funny  what was it all about really   
i can  t believe this movie managed to get such a relatively high rating of   it is barely watchable and unbelievably boring  certainly one of the worst films i have seen in a long  long time .  br    br   in a no  budget way  it reminded me of star wars episodes i and ii for the sheer impression that you are watching a total creative train wreck .  br    br   this film should be avoided at all costs . it  s one of those  festival films  that only please the pseudo  intellectuals because they are so badly made those people think it makes it  different   therefore good .  br    br   bad film  making is not  different   it  s just bad film  making .  
this is a confused and incoherent mess of interminable scenes of boring dialogues and monologues . that is no exaggeration you have to make a tremendous effort to even try to become involved with it .  br    br   i sincerely thought fassbinder would make something interesting in order to tell why does erwin  elvira suicides at the end  but instead of this  in every scene somebody is trying to explain  when he was young  this happened . . .  and  he just came back from casablanca and ordered to cut everything down there . . .   etc .  br    br   soon in the movie  erwin  elvira is in a slaughter house talking with a friend prostitute  certainly a slaughter house is the best place for a pleasant little chat   and while telling her the story of elvira  s life  fassbinder shows the killing of one cow after the other . it is difficult to choose between giving attention to the disturbing images or what the transvestite is saying . of course we come to the very forced and coarse symbolism of  i have suffered much in my life  and am about to die  .  br    br   in one of the sparse moments where actually happens something  erwin  elvira encounters a former lover  that only after performing a extremely gay choreography with two other guys  as if going for the necessary level of homosexuality  is that he recognizes elvira .  br    br   there are some interesting shots and ideas  i must admit  such as when the nun tells the story of the young erwin   but everything on the movie is wasted due to fassbinder  s self  indulgence .  
it  s funny . i  ve seen a bunch of fassbinder films and i have found some to be extremely creative and interesting  while others are repellent and self  indulgent messes   like this film . for me  it ranges from great to crap   without much in the middle . i know he has a lot of fans among the  sophisticated   but i can  t help but think that a lot of his appeal is pure hype . from my point of view  and i know i will get a lot of negative ratings for this   he made too many movies too quickly and was too self  indulgent . his gay or gender  bending films  like this one  tend to be really bad   sloppily done  sometimes quite boring  such as querelle and the bitter tears of petra von kant  and sometimes just gross  like this film  . couldn  t his message about acceptance of a person  s gender  confusion be handled better than showing him get slapped around or watching cows being gruesomely slaughtered  show some sensitivity for the subject matter and make your characters more human and sympathetic   then  maybe  i  d care about the films .  br    br   i  m honestly at the point after watching this film that i might not bother with any more fassbinder films   the bad seems to be out  weighing the good .  
this film is in the mandingo  drum type  br    br   they were both dreadful but they are     better than this tripe   br    br   badly acted  made oliver reed is the main name  eartha kitt also is in it . tis a pity . rating is     about as low as yu can get  br    br   as always  br    br   jay harris  
there are no reasons to watch this movie . should you have won and extreme amount of money and having spent your time discovering life  s every pleasure and have come to a point where by chance you are at a loose end and have some time to kill  like that would ever happen  then get this movie from the video shop  if you can find it and put up with the assistant laughing at you then ask for this movie . be prepared however for you mind to be invaded by extremely wooden acting by absolutely everyone  in fact the best acting was by the people who said nothing  . oliver reed tops off his grand career by playing a drunk  go figure . but wait i forgot there is one reason to watch this movie  claudia udy showing her chest  sadly no other reason than that   
this is an extremely silly and little seen film about slavery in the west indies and it stars puddy from the  seinfeld  show  patrick warburton made his film debut in this contrived movie and he  s noticeably slimmer here . oliver reed got top billing but he  s hardly in the film at all . warburton plays a white slave and its funny to see all the young and horny wives of rich old men bidding on him because they all want to have sex with him . eartha kitt plays an owner of a bordello and they  re is so much nudity in the film . if its not drunken orgies at the bordello then its the young wives having they  re turn with him . then of course towards the end the slaves revolt and there  s the bloody standoff . no real political message like the film  burn  but just another contrived plot device to move the story along . incredibly they made a sequel and warburton and all the rest of the cast came back  i hope they got paid a lot of dough because this first film is pretty bad . the nudity keeps it watchable and warburton  s lack of any accent make it at times laughable . very bad film but i got to admit that i want to see the sequel .  
  stars out of a possible    and that is being overly generous .  br    br   i thought with a cast of james woods  cathy bates  randy quaid  lou gossett  jr .  and henry thomas  how could it miss . i was wrong .  br    br   i can only wonder what drugs sam shepard was on the week  end he cranked out this piece of dribble . i  d long suspected sam s . of being kind of nuts  this film  based on his play  confirms it .  br    br   this is the kind of artsy b . s . that actors love to sink their teeth into as it gives them a chance to endlessly emote . however  for the viewer who sits through this nonsensical trash  there is absolutely nothing to love about this movie .  br    br   you haven  t seen dysfunctional families until you  ve seen this bunch . pa is crazy  ma is crazy  the son is crazy and the daughter is  oh yeah  crazy . they also have mouths on them that utter words that would make a sailor blush  especially the teenage daughter .  br    br   in addition to the above  as if that weren  t enough  the plot   and it  s so thin you could read thorough it   has a hole in it the size of alaska .  br    br   ma is conspiring to sell their rundown farm . as it turns out so is pa . now i don  t claim to be a real estate expert  but the last time i checked  property jointly owned must have both of the owners signatures in order to be sold . if only one of them owned the property  then the other could not legally sell it  so it would be pointless for that person to do so . mr . shepherd prefers to ignore this basic fact  and therefore  his plot does not work .  br    br   not that anything else was really working anyway .  br    br   the only possible reason anyone could have for watching this film is if they are absolutely desperate to see james woods in full frontal nudity  and i can  t imagine why anyone would want to .  
before seeing this movie  i would  ve said that i loved everything kathy bates has done . now it  s everything  minus  one . james woods is pathetic . . . not his character  his acting . someone should  ve told him that  poor  is not synonymous with dirty  nor ignorant  nor cliche . ditto for randy quaid  s stereotyping . the only redeeming feature is henry thomas  who isn  t a strong enough actor to carry this sodden mess . if you enjoy the country  you  ll enjoy the scenery . that  s the best i can give it .  br    br   i  m a serious fan of both independent and quirky films  but this is simply terrible .  
this would  ve been a great silent film . the acting really is good  at least in a look ma  i  m doing really big acting  sort of way .  br    br   everything is huge . every line is profound  every scene is shattered by human tragedy   br    br   mostly  i felt like gagging . yet  like any train wreck  i couldn  t tear my eyes away . this dialogue might  ve worked on the stage  although i doubt it . on the screen  it was cluttered  haphazard  hackneyed and pretty much every other stereotypical negative adjective you can come up with to describe a really bad dramatic work .  br    br   if you enjoy your melodrama in huge  heaping doses  you might enjoy the movie . be prepared to wait  however . for all that melodrama  this thing sure plods along at its own pace .  br    br   this script must  ve sounded a lot different when the actors involved were reading it to themselves . it simply doesn  t work once they get around to delivering it in front of the camera .  br    br   imdb does us a great disservice  at times  when it uses its goofy computer  controlled  weighted score  . curse of the starving class deserves less than a  .  br    br   character  driven fiction is great  but when you develop your characters by simply pushing them through hoops with no plausible explanation for their maturation or evolution  it isn  t character development  your characters must have a motivation . being drunk for a while and waking up in a field is not character development . that  s a plot contrivance .  br    br   stay away from this movie . or at the very least  watch it muted . perhaps you  ll get some amusement from all the arm  waving the characters do .  br    br   oh  and word to the wise   to prove that this is truly an artsy film  you see james woods in all his dangly male  look  at  me  i  m  the  figurative  and  literal  representation  of  the  naked  vulnerability  of  man  glory .  br    br   don  t say you weren  t warned .  
this is not a children  s movie     br    br   this movie is like a  bad acid trip  for kids under the age of  . for a month my  year old from time  to  time would ask me  why was that rabbit bleeding from its mouth  or  why did the bulldozer bury all the rabbits   .  and that wasn  t the worst of it  . we stopped it about a    hour in but the damage had been done . intensely morbid  oppressive  violent . fortunately he  s finally forgotten about the whole wretched thing . whomever decided this movie should be marketed to children should be brought up on charges . . . .  go ahead censure me  my conscience is clear .  .  
probable reasons why so many people on this site have enjoyed this  br    br    . they might not have read the book .  . they might enjoy gore and violence in a film .  . they might be very young and therefore not understand the violence .  . people might not understand how somehow more scary and more violent it is compared to the original book .  . there are sure to be many other reasons not covered here .  br    br   the only thing i liked about this film is the song   bright eyes  .  br    br   if perchance  you happen to be one of those people who has read the book  enjoys calm and peaceful films without violence and are quite old and understand scariness and violence  you are sure not to like this . otherwise you will almost definitely enjoy this .  br    br   like in the book  a rabbit called fiver in an unsuspecting warren warns of terrible danger to come . only a few rabbits  including his brother hazel  believe him and they set out on a dangerous journey to find a new place to live . . .  
how many more of those fake  slice of life  movies need to be made  hopefully not too many .  br    br   raising victor vargas is a very self  conscious attempt by the director peter solett at garnering the attention of hollywood . nothing wrong with that in general . what is wrong with this film in particular is that it ignores the audience and piles on every clich in the book of supposedly  edgy  hollywood independent production .  br    br   it  s supposed to be  real  so left shake the camera  documentary style   except no documentarian would shake the camera on purpose . . .  br    br   it  s  edgy  so let  s not waste any time lighting the film .  br    br   it  s  hip   so let  s have the children use swear words like al pacino in scarface . . .  br    br   and so on  and so forth . all that you are left with is a very self  conscious attempt at impressing hollywood that won  t impress anyone outside of the  rarefied  indie crowd that seems to still heap acclaim on every bad film .  
ok  i know that a lot of people will probably resent this review as watership down is a  classic  and a standard part of most people  s childhood  but seeing this film for the first time at the tender age of    i must admit i really hated it .  br    br   we watched this film because my sister had read the book and really enjoyed it  and many people who whimpered at the very words  watership down   their memories of seeing the film as children and having their emotions torn at the seams  recommended it . to be honest  i wish i hadn  t bothered . i gave it the benefit of the doubt generally i don  t like to stop watching a film half way through . this was an exception . it was really  really  excruciatingly  sickeningly dull . this film was possibly the slowest thing i  ve ever watched  imagine a doped  up snail in space   and really didn  t  do it  for me . the art was alright the backgrounds were nicely made if not a little bland and twee  yet the rabbits themselves were not very endearing and the animation was quite jumpy and poorly produced .  br    br   i  m not going to go into huge details about the storyline basically it is the tale of a group of rabbits who leave their warren due to the infiltration of humans in the area . generally a moralistic story about the perils of human interactions on the environment  it uses anthropomorphic rabbits to put the message across . for me  i kind of wished that they would get gassed  not because i  m a horrible sadistic person  but because the characters were uninspiring  annoying  dull and generally quite rude  oh i  m so terribly english  . i found that i was constantly looking at the clock whilst watching the film  and it took a whole   minutes or so before anything actually happened  and even that was a terrible anticlimax .  br    br   if i were to praise it in any way  i  d have to admit that the concept of showing children the perils of building on the countryside and hopefully unveiling the arrogance of humans etc etc is quite well  meaning . maybe it is all in general sanctimonious and preachy  but the message it  s trying to put forth is good in its nature . the musical score was not bad  too .  br    br   so  to conclude  this film is pretty poor . i couldn  t watch it the whole way through  or i  d probably be forced to eat my own legs in sheer boredom . granted  it isn  t  torque  bad  but it still doesn  t rate highly in my eyes  so i  ve given it a     .  br    br   hope this helps .  
i saw this movie as a very young girl  i  m   now  and it scared me witless for years . i had nightmares about every aspect of this film from the way it was drawn to the music to  obviously  the violence . my parents still argue about who allowed me to watch it and both of them say that they would never let me watch such a movie . i think they only say that knowing that i have such strong feelings about it    i am currently reading the book  out of morbid curiosity and the fact that it  s a classic  and it is really a great story . however i don  t think that it should have been made into a cartoon . ever . well  maybe kids nowadays would find it quaint but it gave me nightmares for weeks and weeks and i still have a hard time seeing rabbits drawn in a similar way . gives me a little heart palpitation every time . yah i am a wuss but i strongly suggest that any parent looking to show this movie to their kids  read them the book instead or watch it first to make certain that they approve of the content . not everyone finds it as disturbing as i did but we are out there     
firstly  i am not easily scared by . . . anything except for my few phobias  but this movie is absolutely horrific . this is not appropriate for children at all  i had my mouth open the whole time it just shocked me i . couldn  t believe how gory it was for a children  s movie  bunnies being brutally murdered  it  s just unnecessary to be so horrifying and be rated g . i recommend being over  to see this . but don  t get me wrong  it was probably a good movie if i wasn  t scarred mentally as a child . i cannot believe a parent would allow a  let  s say   year old child to watch this . it  s just to intense and complicated  not to forget gory  for young kids . i  m wayy over  and i was shocked by the violence . i don  t recommend  
so . . . it  s really sexist  and classist  and i thought that it might not be in the beginning stages of the movie  like when stella tells steven that she would really like to change herself and begin speaking in the right way and he tells her not to change . well  he certainly changed his tune  and it seems that the other reviewers followed suit . what at the beginning appears to be a love story is really about social placement and women as sacrificial mothers . the end of the movie does not make her a hero  it makes the whole thing sad . and its sad that people think it makes her a hero . perhaps that is the comment of the movie that people should take away . positive reception reflects continual patriarchal currents in the social conscience . yuck .  
i should love this movie . the acting is very good and barbara stanwyck is great but the the movie has always seemed very trite to me . the movie makes working class people look low and cheap . the fact that the daughter is ashamed of her mother and that the daughter does not rise above it has always made me a bit uneasy . barbara stanwyck as the mother worships the daughter but the daughter forgoes a mothers love to find happiness with her well to do fathers family . i wonder how many others who have seen this film feel this way about it . again the acting was very very good and worth watching . i really don  t like the story line . just a personal preference . thank you  
this movie is great  mind you  but only in the way it tells a very bad story . stella is so terribly crude  and never learns better . her husband is incredibly snobby and small  minded . neither ever learns better . is this realistic  somehow  stella understands that her daughter is ashamed of her gaudy manners  dress  yet cannot understand that she just needs to tone it all down  i don  t think so . stella is a good woman  and a very good mother . giving up herself  so her daughter can be associated with a bunch of bigoted snobs is disgusting .  br    br   much of what we see might have been normal for the times  people having a beer or two  enjoying a player piano  dancing  but it is made out to be some sort of moral inferiority .  i can  t have our child living this way   spare me .  br    br   this story tells me one thing that the unwashed working class cannot ever hope to aspire to the heights of the upper classes . and that is simply a load of hogwash .  
i hate this movie . it is a horrid movie . sean young  s character is completely unsympathetic . her performance is wooden at best . the storyline is completely predictable  and completely uninteresting . i would never recommend this film to anyone . it is one of the worst movies i have ever had the misfortune to see .  
well  they say nymphomania leaves you unsatisfied . i don  t know if stella james  sean young  qualifies as a clinical nymphomaniac  but she certainly is in to sexual relations with men . she  s still exploring  trying to find  more data  so she can see what she wants from life and the men in it  though it seems like at her age she should have a pretty good idea by now .  i can  t agree  however  with anyone who says young is too old for the role . if she is  we should all age so nicely .  for the most part this film left me cold  though it  s by no means the worst of its type you  ll ever see . and unlike the recent  eyes wide shut   at least something happens in this one .  
did anyone else feel as betrayed as i did  the first hour or so was pretty solid but the last . oh my god . it seemed like it was predictable and cheesy . not grandiose and epic like the entire run of the show has been . most reviews have read have been glowing but i really can  t understand why . i had seriously predicted that general ending way earlier on but then retracted it because i thought  no  they would never do that  that  s far too lame .  i can hardly stand it . i feel so unsatisfied . i think i  m about to walk out the door to go sell every season i own . someone please . change my mind . i want to love this . so bad . someone tell me why i  m wrong . great show . terrible ending .  
the first half was ok  but the last half really  really disappointed . it  s funny the producers even admitted they didn  t have a clue for the ending  and it really showed . whats really sad is i have to write ten lines of comment minimum to be able to post this . i really didn  t want to include spoilers to qualify my remarks since the show isn  t really worth that effort . when battlestar galatica first came out i was really excited with the prospect of a better remake  it didn  t happen that first season border on being space porn . they eventually cleaned it up a bit and actually had some pretty fair drama  so i started watching again . but to end the series with kara being a cyclon god angel  same with baltar and six was pretty dumb .  
first of all  write the script on a napkin . who needs more than that  after all we  re not a hollywood film .  br    br   then get amateur actors . it will be good for the festival hype . after all  who needs people who have spent years honing their craft  then  hire a cinematographer who doesn  t know how to light . you see  if it  s well  lit  it won  t look  real  and the festival people won  t like it . who needs to have professional level photography anyway  then hire a ten  year old who has never held a camera to be your operator . it will give your movie that completely amateurish touch that festival screeners will mistake for  reality  and guarantee that even though you will empty the seats from real people  critics and a small sliver of the audience who over  intellectualize will scream  genius  because they won  t believe this was just complete amateur  hour .  br    br   once you  ve done that  buy your ticket to the festival of bad movies aka sundance .  br    br   what a sad waste .  
there are many good things about the new bsg there  s the multiple cylon roles for model  and   for example  which the two actresses played superbly . there  s the old school feel of industrial design aboard galactica   my ship will not be networked  over my dead body    also  all the space battles  the special effects  even though the seasoned sci  fi watcher will acknowledge the cartoonishness of it all  the darkness of the characters  their essentially flawed nature .  br    br   that makes it all the more bitter that the ending was so childish .  br    br   yes  the first part  the scenes in space  the raid on the cylons and all that was very good . but the mushy ending  i always watch films and shows these days with the timer hidden  so i never know how much time is left until the end . so for me it was a special kind of torture  to see the end happen over and over again . every time i thought  oh this is the final scene  the final shot  i got one more . every frakking character got its complete ending  that wasn  t really necessary .  br    br   what really highlighted the schoolboy amateurishness of it all the young roslin scenes . why is important for us to know that a she lost her sisters and father in a horrible accident and b that she has a one night stand with a former pupil  student  what does that bring to the story  where was the linkage  now  i  m all for a more european  ish style approach  and a random acts of whateverness in films and shows  and all that  but this was just ridiculous . this didn  t bring anything meaningful to the story .  br    br   also  i  ve seen the  last frakkin special  and in it ron revealed his own cluelessness about the plot he couldn  t come up with a good ending for the story  so . . . . he just didn  t  it  s never as much about the characters as they made the last episode to be . the whole  this was thousands of years in the past  idea  the mitochondrial eve thing  was also used in the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy  and believe you me  there are a lot of bsg watchers who know that particular h  g  storyline . and speaking of hera  now there  s a storyline that was not worked out well  at all . instead we get roslin is doing her former pupil who  s   years younger . don  t get me wrong  i  m all for older women with younger men . the more power to them . but this . . . just made no sense .  br    br   all in all   the writing in  this series is as flawed as they intended its characters would be . that goes even moreso for the last episode . i hope lost and   do better  with their series finales .  
i loved the first season . the quality went down a little bit in the second season  which however had a great middle  pegasus   . third season was fairly novel and original and was ok . fourth season started going downhill fast  because they never even began giving us any explanations  when by now we were really starting to need them . what the hell was the cylon plan  why were there two cylon factions  what was the point of angel  kara leading the fleet to a devastated earth    what kind of a past did the last five cylons have  and how did they survive  or were they reincarnations  questions everywhere  answers nowhere .  br    br   and then comes the end . earth    our earth  in the past . well  okay . but destroying the fleet   giving up technology and giving up any kind of urban life  and spreading a few thousand people paper  thinly across the planet   that  s not only anti  science  it  s anti  reason and anti  life . and the philosophy of the show then seems to be that humanity is forever trapped in a cycle going from nature romanticism to a decadent capitalist society inventing destructive a . i . that ruins everything . it is without vision  without hope for a grander future for humanity  and it is antithetical to proper science fiction . and don  t even get me started on the angels  religious claptrap of the worst kind  the ultimate disappointment    br    br   the whole  all this has happened before and will happen again  thing should have related to the previous incarnation of the series  not just to earth as we know it . making the new show somehow consistent with the old would have been the definitive stroke of genius . frakkin shame .  br    br    out of   .  
horrible ending  and i can  t believe moore spent a year coming up with it . smacks of l . ron hubbard and dianetitcs  which hubbard claimed to pen in just three weeks . this was actually disappointing enough for me to toss my discs from the first  .  years . now  the first  .  hours were action packed  though absurd in the premise  and then it deteriorated into a slow  painful  sophomoric dissolution of the series . unbelievable how slow and drawn out that last hour was . were we to think more deeply  if i wanted a lesson in a  materialism  i would reread daniel quinn  s ishmael . absurd to think   k people would give up everything for a  fresh start  . absurd to throw in a disappearing kara  and a reappearing baltar and six . absurd to throw in the mitochondrial eve . just absurd .  
the fight scenes were great . loved the old and newer cylons and how they painted the ones on their side . it was the ending that i hated . i was disappointed that it was earth but    k years back . but to travel all that way just to start over  are you kidding me    k people that fought for their very existence and once they get to paradise  they abandon technology  no way . sure they were eating paper and rationing food  but that is over . they can live like humans again . they only have one good doctor . what are they going to do when someone has a tooth ache never mind giving birth . . . yea right . no one would have made that choice .  
did i step in something or is that bad smell coming from daybreak     god was behind everything  what has god got to do with sci  fi  god is only the answer when you can  t think up a sensible explanation for something . in fact  this is exactly the problem with the series finale  they obviously couldn  t think up sensible explanations for the multitude of big questions that were raised throughout the series such as how kara thrace come back from the dead in a brand new viper  how her old viper and charred body ended up on earth   why baltar has an imaginary  in his head  why  has an imaginary baltar in her head  etc . so they explain it with  angels  or just don  t explain it at all .  br    br   the plot of the last  episodes had holes big enough to fly a basestar through . for example  why does galactica and its crew go on a suicide mission to rescue one girl  hera   particularly after adama said there was no way he  d attempt a rescue  because they found out the location of the cylon base  that  s not a good reason to sacrifice the crew  s lives . and how did anders know the location  and what was the point of the flashbacks to the major characters  lives before the war  it  s like they forgot to do it earlier so they threw something in at the last moment .  br    br   the people who wrote the last two episodes could not have been the same writers who created what has been so far a sensational series . feels like the script writing was take over by evangelical christians on a mission to spread  the word  . forget trying to tie up the loose ends in the plot  the important message the writers wanted to get across is don  t put your faith in technology as it will lead to your destruction god is your ultimate salvation  tough luck if you have an illness that needs medical treatment  .  br    br   imagine in the final movie of the star wars series they tell you there is no  force  . . . instead  a jedi actually gets his power from jesus . then they fly their spaceships into the nearest star and go live in the forest with the ewoks . would this be a good ending  no it frakken  wouldn  t .  
with these people faking so many shots  using old footage  and gassing animals to get them out  not to mention that some of the scenes were filmed on a created set with actors  what  s to believe  old film of countries is nice  but the animal abuse and degradation of natives is painful to watch in these films . i know  racism is ok in these old films  but there is more to that to make this couple lose credibility . portrayed as fliers  they never flew their planes  martin johnson was an ex  vaudevillian  used friends like jack london for financial gain while stiffing them of royalties  denying his wife  s apparent depression  using her as a cute prop  all this makes these films unbearable . they were by no means the first to travel to these lands  or the first to write about them . he was ok as a filmmaker and photographer  but that  s about it .  
the     s saw a vogue for documentary films about remote corners of the world  with an emphasis on wild animals  exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures . despite the logistics of transporting a film crew to a distant and dangerous place  and then bringing  em back alive  with the film footage   such films were often much cheaper to make than were conventional hollywood features . . . because there were no expensive sets  costumes  or high  priced movie stars .  br    br   the most successful makers of such films  artistically and financially  were the team of martin e . johnson and his wife osa  who made several documentaries  sometimes with blatantly staged events  in africa and asia . the johnsons  safari films were extremely popular  inspiring several parodies . . . most notably wheeler  woolsey  s  so this is africa   in which the very sexy esther muir plays a character named mrs . johnson  martini  instead of martin e . johnson  geddit   . although several other filmmakers were producing safari documentaries at this time  the johnsons  films were the most popular in this genre because they relied heavily on humour . viewed from our own more enlightened  i hope  standpoint  this is a serious flaw in the johnsons  documentaries there are too many scenes in which the funny little brown or yellow people are made to look complete idiots who are easily outsmarted by the clever white bwana johnson and his wife .  br    br   one definite asset of these movies is the presence of osa johnson . ten years younger than her husband  she manages to seem young enough to be his daughter . while certainly not as attractive as the shapely blond esther muir  osa johnson was a pert brunette who gave ingratiating performances in front of the camera in all the films she co  produced with her husband .  br    br    congorilla  is probably the best of the johnsons  films . the shots of the congo are interesting and have some historical value as evidence of what this environment looked like in     . the shots of the pygmies and other natives are also interesting  although these suffer from the johnsons  penchant to stage events in a manner that makes the natives look  wild  and alien .  br    br   the best  and funniest  scene in  congorilla  is an improvised sequence in which osa johnson attempts to teach a jazz dance to some pygmy women .  the dance is the black bottom  no less . . . the same dance which bob hope famously taught to daisy and violet hilton  the conjoined twins .  wearing jodhpurs  riding boots  and a pith helmet  osa johnson starts scat  singing while she does high steps and slaps her knees in her attempt to teach this dance to the african women . meanwhile  they just stand there staring at her  apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to accomplish . it  s a very funny scene  but it has unpleasant undertones . osa johnson is doing a dance that was invented by black americans the implication seems to be that black africans should instinctively be able to perform this dance after a brief demonstration  using natural rhythm  i guess  because it  s in their blood  or something .  br    br   i  ll rate  congorilla   points out of   . this film says a little bit about african life in the     s and rather more about american cultural perceptions in that same decade .  
admirably odd  though mean  spirited comedy  drama about a strange young man who hopes to fly like a bird through the houston astrodome . robert altman  directed quasi  comedy with eccentric characters is so overloaded with weirdos that it starts to creak early on from the weight . some of the cinematography is evocative  shelley duvall is a stitch in her debut as a tour guide  and sally kellerman looks every inch the glamourpuss as bud cort  s vision of a  mother bird   imagine altman and producer lou adler explaining that role to her   . in the lead  bud cort is   once again  after  harold  maude    a true original not off  putting like  say  michael j . pollard  cort manages to be geeky  wacky and inoffensive  a tough act to pull off . unfortunately  this is one of altman  s misfires . he can put together a cast and a showpiece like no one else  but let him get fired up with some misguided inspiration and he spirals downward .  from   
the movie sucked  it wasn  t funny  it wasn  t exciting . they tried to make it so bad that it would be good  but failed . and thinking it  s cool to like this movie  next to the hype  are the only reasons that this movie is a success . . .  br    br   the fact that at this moment    voted a   out of   for this movie seems pretty concerning to me  either the movie going public is going insane or this vote is unrealistic which can have numerous causes  and should be dealt with . anyway it is a less than average movie which bloomed through mouth to mouth advertising . it  s success can only be described as a marketing marvel .  
i  d like to think myself as a fairly open minded guy and it takes a lot    for me to dislike a movie but this one is without a doubt one of the suckiest  crappiest movie i  ve ever seen   br    br   i have no idea what  s wrong with the people who gave it such a good rating here  imdb is usually pretty reliable when it comes to ratings  . . . the only thing i can imagine is that people must  ve voted during one or more conditions  br    br    . while being shitfaced  stoned out of their minds  . they  ve received hard cash for the votes  . under gunpoint  br    br   i can  t believe i wasted a good  h   min of my life for this pathetic excuse for a movie .  
what a bad  bad film    i can  t believe all the hype that has been lavished on this pretentious  amateurish excuse for a real movie   i left the theater before the end  stunned by how bad the direction and camera  work of that movie were   and to read adoring paeans that claim there is truth and reality in this film when all it is in reality is a brazen attempt at pulling the wool over the eyes of reviewers and festivals by being cheap and tawdry .  br    br   at least this film showed me once and for all that the sundance festival has become a complete joke and that being shown here is more a label of bad film  making than anything else .  br    br   avoid at all costs . you  ll want your time back  i know i did .  
unless you are between the ages of   and    except for the r rating   there are very few things to like here . one or two lines from kenan thompson  david koechner  we really should see him more  and sam jackson are humorous and julianna margulies is as good as she can be considering her surroundings  but sadly  that  s it . poor plot . poor acting . worse writing and delivery . the special effects are dismal . as much as the entire situation is an odd and awful joke  the significant individual embedded situations are all equally terrible . if we consider the action portions  well there are unbelievable action sequences in some films that make you giddy and there are some that make you groan . this movie only contains the latter kind . this leaves little left . i  m so glad i did not pay for this .  br    br   despite any hype  i can read and think  so as i sat down to watch  i did not expect anything good . i had no expectations  but was somewhat worried going in . yet  like a train wreck  one cannot merely look away . and even with no expectations  i was let down . bad . not even  so bad  it  s good  material . i  m  very  tolerant of bad movies  but this makes  six string samurai   which i liked  oscar worthy .  br    br   no  this piece of over cgi  d rubbish is in the same company as battlefield earth  little man and gigli . how this is currently rated a  .  completely mystifies me . brainwashing or somehow stacking the voting system is all that i can think of as answers .  br    br   i could go on and on but suffice to say that tonight  i witnessed a train wreck . i need to go wash my eyes .  of    
i stopped watching this pos as soon as the snakes started  taking over  the plane .  br    br   at first i thought maybe it should get a  one  for the comic relief . but then i realized i could just watch the three stooges for free and laugh more   br    br   whatever respect i might have had for samuel jackson has been irreversibly destroyed . and hollywood demonstrates once again how removed from reality they really are . when i was a kid we used to catch snakes for fun . the only thing snakes would do is huddle at the bottom of the cargo bay . and no amount of hollywood cartoon snakes can change that .  br    br   this movie isn  t worth a trip to blockbuster . be warned if you pay for it  the only  victim  is your dumb ass .  br    br   if you want to be really scared  i suggest the descent . if you want humor  go to your local stand up comedy club . their worst performer will be a million times better than this trash .  
all internet buzz aside  this movie was god awful . i expected the movie to be more of a farce than anything . instead the film makers tried to make a serious thriller  horror movie  and they completely missed . there were only a few good parts  and a couple good lines by samuel jackson . other than that  it was a bunch of gore and some poorly animated snakes . all of the internet joking was miles better than the actual movie . now that the movie has actually come out  hopefully this joke will die . don  t waste your time or money on this piece of over hyped trash . if you  re looking for something that  s funny and entertaining  then just go to snakes on a blog .  
i saw an early screening of this film in new york and i  along with my friends and pretty much the entire audience  were vastly disappointed . the movie wasn  t even so bad it was good it was as lifeless as a snake  bite victim . samual l . jackson looked surprisingly tired through most of it and the snake effects were lame . it reminded me of one of those cheesy scifi movies  except the cheesiness of this movie was not funny or even campy . it all seemed worn  flat  and overtly formulaic . i  m shocked to say i actually think anaconda was more fun . it  s easy to understand that soap realizes it  s a piece of sit and plays along with it  but what the film fails to embark on is a script that has any scares of suspense . it  s the worst kind of lame movie it  s joyless .  
the only thing great about the movie is its title . in this case   snake on a plane  is example of not judging the book by its cover  the title says nothing about the movie . when i went to the theater  i wasn  t expecting citizen kane  i was expecting independence day  a movie that  s pure popcorn fun  but instead  i got that horrible roy liotta movie called  turbulence  yes  this is how bad soap is . the only thing make soap better is its title . and it  s not even the apporiate title for the movie  the wasn  t even a glimpse of  snake  or  plane    minutes into the movie  what a false advertising  if it wasn  t for its title  soap would be just another unforgettable cheap b  grade summer movie . and the r rating  it has to be the most undeserved r rated movie of all time  the makers of the movie only add a few f word to make this a r  all of the violence are kept pg    level . you know what  s really r rated  the r rated superstar edge  see him at summerslam instead of waste your money on a snake   
this must be one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen  the graphics are ridiculous  and the script pathetic and the biggest question is how this rather low brow script got trough the selection process .  br    br   i like all sorts of movies from deep dramas to the more male oriented kill everything you see type of movie  so i can  t say i  m picky . i have been struggling to find something to compare it to  but i just can  t think of anything that matches this  maybe starship troopers  . witch in my opinion makes the movie gods cry and me thinking about throwing out my dvd player  but compared to this its effects are great . the acting superb and the script should be awarded . you know when a movie is bad in a funny way  well folks this isn  t one of those this kills your soul minute by minute .  
b movie at best . sound effects are pretty good . lame concept  decent execution . i suppose it  s a rental .  br    br    you put some olive oil in your mouth to save you from de poison  den you cut de bite and suck out de poisen . you gonna be ok tommy .   br    br    you stay by the airphone  when agent harris calls you get me    give me a fire extinguisher .   br    br    weapons  we need weapons . where  s the silverware  all we have is this . sporks     br    br   dr price is the snake expert .  br    br   local ers can handle the occasional snakebite . alert every er in the tri  city area .  
i chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on imdb . but a lot of people either have really poor taste or someone  s been fixing the score .  br    br   either way it was a real disappointment . the movie is exactly as stupid and far fetched as the title would suggest . there really is no reason to give a summary of the plot  but here goes it felt like someone had been thinking  wouldn  t it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane  and then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff     and that  s about it  the plot is thin and unoriginal . the snakes are bad cgi  but it makes sense to cut corners on a movie that no one in their right mind will recommend to anyone   . the acting is poor  and all people are unbelievable stereo types .  br    br   to sum it up it  s one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen  stay away   
oh dear lord  how on earth was any part of this film ever approved by anyone  it reeks of cheese from start to finish  but it  s not even good cheese . it  s the scummiest  moldiest  most tasteless cheese there is  and i cannot believe there is anyone out there who actually  truly enjoyed it . yes  if you saw it with a load of drunk  stoned buddies then some bits might be funny in a sad kind of way  but for the rest of the audience the only entertaining parts are when said group of buddies are throwing popcorn and abusive insults at each other and the screen . i watched it with an up  for  a  few  laughs guy  having had a few beers in preparation to chuckle away at the film  s expected crapness . we got the crapness  plenty of it   but not the chuckles . it doesn  t even qualify as a so  bad  it  s  good movie . it  s just plain bad . very  very bad . here  s why  look away if you  re spoilerphobic   the movie starts out with a guy beating another guy to death . ok  i was a few minutes late in so not sure why this was  but i think i grasped the  this guy is a bit of a badass who you don  t want to mess with  message behind the ingenious scene . oh  and a guy witnesses it . so  we already have our ultra  evil bad guy  and wussy but cute  apparently  good guy . cue hero . big sam steps on the scene in the usual fashion  saving good guy in the usual inane way that only poor action films can accomplish  i . e . hero is immune to bullets  everyone else falls over rather clumsily . cue first plot hole . how the bloody hell did sammy know where this guy was  or that he  d watched the murder . perhaps this  and the answers to all my plot  hole related questions  was explained in the  minutes before i got into the cinema  but i doubt it . in fact  i  m going to stop poking holes in the plot right here  lest i turn the movie into something resembling swiss cheese  which we all know is good cheese  . so  the  plot   a very generous word to use  . good guy must get to la  evil guy would rather he didn  t  hero sam stands between the two . cue scenery for the next vomit  inducing hour  the passenger plane . as i said  no more poking at plot holes  i  ll just leave it there . passenger plane . next  the vital ingredient up until now missing from this gem of a movie  and what makes it everything it is  snakes . yay  oh  pause . first we have the introduction to all the obligatory characters that a lame movie must have . hot  horny couple  see if you can guess how they die   dead  before  any  snakes  even  appear british guy  those pesky brits  eh    cute kids  and jo brand . for all you americans that  s an english comic famous for her size and unattractiveness . now that we  ve met the cast  let  s watch all of them die  except of course the cute kids  . don  t expect anything original  it  s just snake bites on various and ever  increasingly hilarious  really not  parts of the body . use your imagination  since the film  makers obviously didn  t use theirs .  br    br   so  that  s most of the film wrapped up  so now for the best bit  the ending . as expected  everything is just so happy as the plane lands that everyone in sight starts sucking face . yep  ice  cool sammy included . but wait  we  re not all off the plane yet  the last guy to get off is good guy  but just as he does he gets bitten by a  you guessed it  snake  of all things  . clearly this one had been hiding in mr . jackson  s hair the whole time  since it somehow managed to resist the air pressure trick that the good old hero had employed a few minutes earlier  despite the    ft constrictor  the one that ate that pesky british bugger  being unable to . so  sam shoots him and the snake in one fell swoop . at this point i prayed that the movie was about to make a much  needed u  turn and reveal that all along the hero was actually a traitor of some sort . but no . in a kind of icing on the cake way  but with stale cheese  remember   it is revealed that the climax of the film was involving a bullet proof vest . how anyone can think that an audience   years ago  let alone in     would be impressed by their ingenuity is beyond me  but it did well in summing up the film .  br    br   actually  we  re not quite done yet . after everyone has sucked face  uncle sam with leading actress  good guy with tiffany  token black guy with token white girl  and the hot couple in a heart warming bout of necrophilia   it  s time for good guy and hero to get it on . . . . in bali    nope  it wasn  t at all exciting  the exclamation marks were just there to represent my utter joy at seeing the credits roll . yes  the final shot of the film is a celebratory surfing trip to convey the message that a bit of male bonding has occurred  and a chance for any morons that actually enjoyed the movie to whoop a few times . that  s it . this is the first time i  ve ever posted a movie review  but i felt so strongly that somebody must speak out against this scourge of cinematography . if you like planes  snakes  samuel l . jackson  air hostesses  bad guys  surfing  dogs in bags or english people  then please  please don  t see this movie . it will pollute your opinion of all of the above so far that you  ll never want to come into contact with any of them ever again . go see united   instead . that was good .  
this is not a film you can really analyse separately from it  s production . the audience became the film  makers to an extent unprecedented in the history of the american film industry we felt so involved that viewing it becomes like watching the work of a friend . how is it possible to be objective  this is our movie  isn  t it  or is it  there may be nothing more disingenuous than a film  maker who promotes himself as the audience  s friend  giving them all the naughty treats that the nannyish critics would deny them . just look at that prime self  publicist eli roth  promising gore  hounds all the viscera missing from literally gutless mainstream horror films  only to churn out a watered down and technically incompetent piece of work like  hostel  .  br    br   david r . ellis may not have spawned the monster that was the internet response to his film  but he was  quite understandably  quick to engage with it . he took the carnival  huckster school of film  making to a new level  getting the fans to build what they would eventually buy . so many have enthused over this interactive  democratic approach to film  making that they seem to have missed the point  that this is the most cynical form of film  as  marketing . nothing is included that the film  makers know the fans won  t buy  and any old suggestion that will get bums on seats is incorporated . the fact that the pitch became the title tells you all you need to know .  br    br   isn  t this just the evolution of the focus group approach  individual creativity  talent  craft  ideas  all are sacrificed before the inane chatter of the masses . it  s a critical commonplace that focus groups and test screenings don  t make for good movies  why should the preemptive intervention of internet enthusiasts be any different  because we happen to be film fans  well  thank god for us  because otherwise i might not have seen a topless woman get her nipple bitten by a snake .  br    br   so  yes  i had fun at the movie  a midnight showing  fresh from the pub and with a bucket of ice  cream  but it actually had relatively little to do with the film  and quite a lot to do with the atmosphere . like christmas  everyone seemed determined that they would have fun  no matter what . there was laughter  but i don  t know if it was with the film  or at the film . with a film as calculated as this one  is that even a meaningful distinction  there are some genuinely good aspects to the film . samuel l . jackson gives a well  judged performance  pure self  parody but with a real sense of pleasure . rachel blanchard and lin shaye are decent in limited roles  and there are one or two inspired moments  the fate of the lap dog is genuinely funny black comedy that the rest of the film fails to emulate .  br    br   the stock characters are to be expected  but the total lack of suspense isn  t . what  s the point of a film that combines two great phobias if there  s no creeping menace  there are several snake  jumps  out moments  but they  re incredibly badly staged . only the annoying british man gets a decent pulpy death scene  the other killings are oddly flat . the demise of the honeymoon couple  for instance  is shamefully botched . most of the actors fail to make an impression it  s a shame that a charismatic actress like julianna margulies should seem so tired  when she tells two kids to close their eyes and pretend the turbulent flight is a roller  coaster  she could be talking to the audience  the film falls far short  .  br    br   there are worse movies  but there are many  many better another reviewer on this site compared this film with  lake placid   and it  s as apt a contrast as any i can think of . that film worked so magnificently because the performances were excellent  the jokes were funny  the suspense sequences were scary  and it wasn  t devised by committee . that the characters had a little depth and shading was an unexpected bonus . i don  t need a post  pub midnight showing to have a good time with that film .  br    br   this film will  in time  fade to become a mere footnote in film history . if it sets a precedent  however  i  m genuinely worried about what might be crossing our screens in a couple of years time . in all probability  nothing much will come of it . perennial popcorn favourites   raiders of the lost ark    alien    halloween  and of course   star wars   just aren  t produced by group  think .  br    br   in the mean time  i  ll tell you what  i haven  t half got a craving for some ingmar bergman .  
  raising victor vargas  is one of those light  family movies that you can watch and do the n . y . times crossword puzzle at the same time . and if you want to go to the kitchen for a taco and a corona  you don  t have to  pause  the dvd . just let it roll   cause you won  t be missing anything really important . no twists  turns  or tension . it  s not really an ethnic movie  it  s a movie about a poor  struggling immigrant family that happens to be latino . they could have been any ethnic group . it made very little difference . i  ve seen it all a zillion times before . just plug in a jewish family  an italian family  a black family  or an irish family . just the accents and names were different . if the vargas family was named bush or clinton and were presbyterians  the movie would have been a total snooze .  br    br   it  s funny that the critics here couldn  t get the locale straight . some said it was spanish harlem . some the bronx  and another brooklyn . as a life  long new yorker  i vote for the lower east side . and it seemed that the family never met up with anyone except other latinos . they lived in an insulated  isolated little enclave . some interaction with non  latinos might have created some excitement  interest  or tension . remember west side story   br    br   and now for the oft  criticized cinematography . i don  t know if it was my tv or what  but all the indoor shots looked very orange to me . the apt  the furniture  and the faces were all orange . what was that supposed to mean  and the apt . did look pretty cramped to me . somebody here mentioned that the old apt  s  tenements had very big rooms . well  maybe   years ago . what landlords have done is to break up one big apt into  or  very small ones and squeeze as many immigrants as they can into them .  br    br   and another annoying thing . . . . this is the second family movie i  ve seen and criticized this week that featured a teenage boy  jerking off  . is this private sex act necessary for us to watch  please spare me  what  s up with these directors   br    br   so  victor vargas  is a pleasant little movie . it was nice for a change to see young latino actors given a break and a chance to show their talents  which they did . but the writers let them down  giving them a flat  unspectacular script to work with . enjoy the show  but keep your fingers near the  fast forward  button .  
this movie was the worst movie i have seen since  date movie .  i was laughing through out the whole movie instead of being scared . it was funny how the snakes would search for particular section of the passengers body to attack for example  the eye  the tongue  the butt  the breast . if we have seen national geographic channel we know snakes wont stay clinched on the body once they bite . for each particular scene the snakes would bite the passengers and would stay on the body biting the person . i believe the producer did not study his information on snakes and their behavior . i cant believe i wasted my money on this movie . so i don  t recommend this movie trust just wait until it is at the dollar theatre or rent it .  
i am sick and tired of all these little weenies going on about how this movie  rocked  . it is pure cg over  acted crap  don  t send an assassin  it  s much more sensible to smuggle hundreds of brightly colored  aggressive  venomous snakes on a plane  the only reason people like this movie because they feel they have to . it is not  so bad it  s good  it  s so bad i  d rather be poked in the eye with a sharp stick then be subjected to this again . i honestly thought was going to be a comedy like airplane  a spoof  was i wrong . it  s that whole  it sucks  get it   or samuel a . jackson yells  snakes on the plane  thing . well i  m sorry  i don  t get it . it looks like a bunch of wimps gave the movie industry more money to make more movies like triple x and die hard . if you what spend money to watch a movie in the company of the same people who bought william hung  s cd  still live in their mommies basement  and stink of plastic chair sweat from days on the computer playing online games and looking at porn  then rush to the theater and ask for one  since i doubt you have a girlfriend  ticket for snakes on a stupid  butt plane . to hell with movies like full metal jacket  pulp fiction  true romance    monkeys  clerks  etc . there  s no irony in watching good movies . the true decline of the western civilization . calling this a cult film is an insult to true cult classics like repo man  or even orgazmo . i  ve said enough here .  
i saw the   p . m . showing and i must say that this movie was nothing special . although i did not leave the theater wanting my time back  as i don  t actually pay for movies anymore  i didn  t really find any redeeming qualities .  br    br   there were a few lines and such that made me chuckle  but mostly the film seemed to consist of rampant fan service to the younger  in mind more than age as this film is rated r  male audience . the fan service seemed out of place and rather distracting as well . i know you all want to hear samuel l . say his infamous line  but let  s be honest  it  s a whole lot of hype for very little pay off . the only truly horrible part of the film was the cg  which looked very digitized and did not mesh well with the live action on the screen .  br    br   now i am a reasonable man  i knew going into the theater that i wasn  t going to be seeing  casablanka   and i am at least thankful that this film is an original  albiet inane  idea and not some re  make or franchise spin off . however to be honest  if you are not a part of the cult following you are probably better off spending your money elsewhere and seeing the film either in a second run theater in a few weeks or renting it in a few months .  
this movie deserves more than a  . but i  m giving it a one because so many fricken fan boys have given it a   resulting in it getting a rating that  ll take it into the top    list . seriously it  s not that great its not that bad . its a stupid cult classic with so many fricken fan boys it  s ridiculous . these are the types who probably still laugh at chuck norris jokes and still say  i  m rick james b  tch  no matter how old or annoying it gets . i dread having to hear  i  m tired of mfn snakes on this mfn plane  months from now from idiots trying to be funny . its crappy plot crap acting etc . its okay to love a bad movie  but you still gotta admit its a bad movie .  br    br   wait for the marine starring john cena if you wanna see a real movie  
when discussing a movie titled  snakes on a plane   we should point out early that the snakes are pretty darn important to the plot .  br    br   what we have here are very bad cgi snakes that neither look nor move like real snakes . snakes are scary because they appear to be slimy  they crawl they slither . these snakes do nothing of the sort . they glide along like they would in a video game . they are cartoon snakes . i would go as far to say that even someone that had a major phobia against real snakes would not find these ones scary  br    br   why on earth then would you want to include extreme close ups of these cgi failures  why not rely on suspense . . the whole  less is more  ethic . or better still  why not just make them look good in the first place  and then maybe still use them sparingly  br    br   take one look at john carpenters  the thing  . here we have real slime  and gore of eerie proportions .   years go by and we get this pile of stinking sfx crap  snakes on a plane  . when are these people going to wake up and smell the coffee  special effects are going backwards   br    br   sure you could say . . but the movie is a joke  get it  sure i  m with that idea  but do it well  in addition to the above  this movie has crap dialogue . and the music and sound effects are not creepy or memorable in any way .  br    br   i could handle every other actor being part of this movie  except for jackson . what was he doing there  the man who starred in pulp fiction   years ago . is this career progression  are you offering people value for money  no . i  d like to know what tarantino thought when he was half way through this stinker of a movie  br    br   the current generation seem to have very low expectations . and hollywood seems to be offering them just what they want . on leaving the cinema i saw a number of advertisements for some truly horrendous looking future releases including . . . doa dead or alive   another  cgi animal film called  flushed away   and another crap looking comedy named  click  . in addition to that i saw some awful trailers  including one for  another  crap british horror  comedy . i  ve truly not seen the movie industry in a mess like this for a long time  br    br   expect to see this movie for sale in the dvd bargain section for   in  months time . and if you  re expecting to see a black comedy with tonnes of great looking snakes  and some bad ass cool dialogue coming from samuel l jacksons lips . forget it .  
       pyramid clues deep blue sea . tremors . slither . eight legged freaks .  br    br   pyramid category movies that were funnier and more thrilling than snakes on a plane .  br    br   hell  with that definition i  d have to include the relatively harrowing journey of ted and elaine in airplane  as superior to snakes in both laughs and thrills .  br    br   the sad truth is that this isn  t even close to the mother of all unintentionally intentional funny snake movies anaconda  besides the never to be seen again casting of jlo  cube  o . wilson  stoltz  wuhrer in the same flick  you had jon voight pulling off the all  time cinematic heist . his final scene alone represents everything soap tried and failed to do as a  so  ludicrous  it  s  fun  movie .  br    br   in the end  snakes on a plane is definitive proof that studio execs and fanboys make the worst collaborators possible . every big scene had been discussed and dissected so much the last year  all that was left to amuse by opening night was the amount of fanboy flop  sweat that had to be mopped up at my theater . i heard more forced laughs here than at a studio taping for  according to jim  .  
i  d give this a negative rating if i could . i went into this movie not expecting much  but i had an open mind . the whole thing is stupid  the snakes are obviously fake and the first two things they bite are a boob and a guys johnson . oh how original if i were a   year old boy i might laugh at that . i have no idea how this movie became so popular . seriously  the worst thing i  ve ever seen . i wasn  t entertained  it wasn  t funny  i wasn  t even bored  i wasn  t anything . it wasn  t even so bad it was good  it  s just bad . ridiculous actually . please do not waste your money on this movie . don  t even rent this movie . no clue how it  s getting such a high rating .  
what can i say  i  m a secret fan of  over the top  action and horror films . especially when it comes with a lot of lots of humour and innuendo  but i  m not a fan of snake on a plane .  br    br   there are three potential draws to this film  the comedy of the situation  the horror and  the novelty of hundreds of snakes being of a plane .  br    br   firstly  this film isn  t written as a tongue  in  cheek horror or a comedy  and there are only  or  points in the film where you  ll smile to yourself . if you want to get the feel of the film  the trailer genuinely represents the movie  a horror .  br    br   secondly  if you  re expecting a film full of action and shocks  you won  t be disappointed . it doesn  t stand out above other movies  but it always keeps your attention .  br    br   thirdly  although the novelty of snakes of a plane doesn  t wear off  but you  ll leave the cinema thinking  what was all the fuss about  .  br    br   i know this movie has a high rating  but it doesn  t add up . a  many of the reviews where written before the film was released and  b  the breakdown of user ratings has a lot less variation than normal    of people rating the movie       with only   of people giving it      why such an enormous gap   
i went into this film with expectations  from the hype  that it would be insightful and uplifting . certainly something more than a cheap promotional for the band  wilco .   br    br   instead we get a lot of moping and whining about  the process   a dishonorable and no doubt one  sided portrayal of one band members who was kicked out by the prima donna lead singer  songwriter  a gut  wrenching confession by the fallen member  s friend   for like   years   saying the  friendship had run its course   and this whiny  uncompelling story about how one record label  hurt their feelings  by dumping them  only so that the band could immediately get   offers from other labels  oh  the tension . . . not   they tried their best to make it look like it was a strain  but i suspect it was all smoke and mirrors to generate a tragedy that didn  t exist . this doesn  t even take into account the long stretches where we get many of their newest songs shoved at us in full without any storyline  insight or even a decent job at cinematography . the strained attempts at emotional sincerity or reasonable perspective on life made me sick to watch .  br    br   from the film  this band sounds like a bunch of vile little babies who poke around to find a voice they don  t have and think they  re some kind of guardians for the art of music  which they most definitely are not . and i thought the music sucked  and i couldn  t even understand the lyrics due to the mumbling style of the lead singer .  br    br   i give it a     .  
disjointed  unclear  bad screenplay  poor photography and direction . . . all in all very obviously an ill  conceived first effort at commercial film  making by the good people at tbn .  br    br   tbn pictures has had great success in the past by helping to bring  china cry   the story of nora lam  to the big screen . but  the omega code  is an unfortunate miscue . as a christian who supports tbn and a lot of its programming and who loved  china cry   i still find it impossible to recommend this film to anyone . they do much good with their ministry  but this isn  t an example of it . don  t waste your money . . . go rent  china cry  instead .  
raising victor vargas fails terribly in what it tries most to be being real . unfortunately  there is no reality to this film . the characters and situations feel completely artificial and fake .  br    br   the reason  bad directing . peter sollett uses all the wrong tools in his arsenal . it seems mr . sollett read somewhere that not lighting his film would give it an authentic feel . wrong  it just gives it a badly  made feel . similarly  shaking the camera does not give a documentary style to your film  it just gives the audience a headache and detracts from what  s on screen instead of enhance it .  br    br   of course  what  s on screen is so painfully fake  as if mr . sollett wrote his script with the only goal of trying to look  hip  to his sundance buddies and show how  edgy  a filmmaker he is .  br    br   overall  the only lasting impression this film leaves you with is what a bad director mr . sollett is . next time  how about taking a few writing and directing classes   
the idea had potential  but the movie was poorly scripted  poorly acted  poorly shot and poorly edited . there are lots of production flaws . . . for example  dr . lane  s daughter who never ages despite the passing years . wait for video  but don  t expect much .  
interesting to read comments by viewers regarding omega code . . . many of the overwhelmingly positive comments were lifted almost word for word from tbn broadcasts . . . the movie looks as if it were made to go directly to video  to be stocked besides the three  part rapture series that was done by some other religious group in the   s . . dont remember it  you wont remember this one either in a year or two . this is the first movie i have ever seen where it was implied that it was your religious duty to go to it and buy as many tickets as possible to save souls . . . very shameful . . . this just goes to show that if you are a televangelist  s son  you too can play high  roller hollywood producer with lil ole ladies tithe money . . .  
what was this about   pre  destination  you can not change the future cause it has already been written    br    br   i  ll give it this much . i did want to see what happened next and therefore watched the whole movie . this movie took a concept and made it watchable .  br    br   if you  re looking for a recommendation  see it at matinee prices . no thrills but an interesting concept . they should have left the y  k reference out . . . .  
this film had so much promise . i was very excited about this film . in the end  it was laughable at best  painful at worst . the acting styles ran the gamut from really  really  flat  the angels  the wife and daughter  to over  animated  casper  s character  . i felt that the dialogue was just an attempt to transfer information to the audience instead of real people trying to talk to each other . pay special attention to the scene regarding  the bug  . it  s pretty much an insult to the audience  s ability to figure things out . in defense of that scene  though  it got the biggest laugh of the whole movie . i had read that they spent alot of money traveling to various overseas locations . too bad they didn  t make use of it . i didn  t feel like i was transported to exotic locations . anybody could insert stock footage of the coliseum in rome . however  to end on a positive note  i thought the sets were pretty good . i really liked the graphics that were displayed on the decoding computers . it is my opinion  and that  s all it is  that if the schmaltz factor would have been much much lower and the action factor would have been greatly increased  this film would have been good .  
this movie is not based on the bible . it completely leaves christ out of the movie . they do not show the rapture or the second coming of christ . let alone talk about it . it does not quote from scriptures . the end times are called the great tribulation . the movie does not even show bad times . the seven bowls  seven viles and seven trumpets of judgements are boiled down to a   second news cast of the sea changing it  s structure . the anti  christ was killed     years into the tribulation and that is how the movie ended . the only part they got correct was there was two prophets . the did not use there names of course because that would be too close to the truth of scriptures . the worst part of it was i really wanted it to be a good movie . i wanted to take unsaved people to it . i feel that the movie is evil . it is a counterfeit just like everything the devil does . i just hope it does not take away from the upcoming movie based on the left behind books .  br    br   the second problem with the movie is it was just bad . bad acting  bad special effects  bad plot and poor character development . i have seen better episodes of miami vice .  
i truly wish i was not writing this review . i  m a christian  so i waited anxiously to see this movie . it seemed great   a christian movie with some fairly famous stars and a plot that seemed intriguing  not that i buy the bible code itself   you can make it say anything you want . i do  however believe everything inside the bible  . so i  m sitting on the edge of my seat enjoying the previews  when the movie comes on and manages to destroy my mood in a matter of minutes . i had to bite my lip to stop from commenting on the terrible writing and acting while i was in the theater  i would have been torn to pieces by the people cheering at the rather clumsy but basically uplifting scenes and gasping at the insanely obvious and predictable tension scenes  i  m sure  . once the final credits began to roll  however  i could reflect . there were many parts of the movie i liked   some mostly unexpected plot twists  some effects that were indeed special  i  m not counting the visions . those were poorly done   and some interesting technical work   fades  sets  that type of thing . unfortunately  i got the distinct impression that if i read the book of revelation to a monkey and set the monkey in front of a typewriter for an hour  i could  ve gotten a better script . and the music was beyond cheesy  even for a bond fan who likes kinda cheesy music in scenes of action and intrigue  . so i wish i could be like everyone else in the theater   like the people who came out crying and breathless because of how incredible it was   but i  m not someone who can be appeased by a writer who throws some words over a biblical shell and slaps a christian stamp on it . i need a good plot and believable dialogue before i can enjoy most movies  and this just didn  t have either . i  m sorry  but i wouldn  t recommend this film to anyone . and that  s the tragedy . when will we see some intelligent christian fiction  it has to be out there somewhere . . .  
the more i analyze this film  the worse it becomes . first of all  why a motivational speaker  that part was just stupid . i mean  why would a megalomaniac trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker  is alexander stone really that disorganized  first he can  t decide what he wants to do to control the world  so he looks to the bible for ideas . many of these ideas  i might add  really have no reliability  for example  the part of the  the houses of ishmael and isaac shall scream out in terror  could have already happened . it could have been have been the synagogues burned during krystalnacht and the mosques could very well have been the mosques blown up in baghdad or something .  and gillen lane  s family  they had no part except to provide a family values platfrom and dab their eyes with water  i might add that since casper van dien  gillen lane is only in his twenties  or that  s the impression that i had  and has a ten year child  he had his child during high school . yeah  there goes tbn  s family values . also  why did this film have to be so damn propaganda  like  i  ll repeat what an earlier reviewer said . the indiana jones flicks use christian mythology as a plot dvice and manipulate it well so that we are intoxicated . this film doesn  t do that . the beginnig starts off well  with michael ironsides playing a priest who murders a scholar off some sort and steals the dead guy  s omega code . then when confronted by two men who he is obviously afraid of  the two prophets tell him  tell your master that we are here   . dominic  ironsides  replies  he already knows  and points to a small surveillance camera . that part sent chills up my spine . had only it gone on like that one scene i would have loved this film . i  ll give michael york credit he does a fine job of acting out his character  as does michael ironsides . but the good guys are horrible . i  ve already went on about lane  s family  br    br   . now that i  m over the acting  i  ll get on to plot . this is obviously a baptist film  since our beloved pope of the vatican is portrayed as an oaf . the world domination plot i liked and found plausible and subtle  as were the action sequences were also thrilling and well  done . also another diatribe against the vatican  their leaders are seen as dogmatically minded  since gillen explains to the pope that it  s not the end of the world  but the beginning of a new one also  the vatican  or israelis  says their going to secede from the world union aince they used the omega code to control the world . whoever it was  they wouldn  t just secede  they  d send over commandoes and kill them . this is the equivalent of america knowing about the kgb going to kill the president and simply saying  we  re not going to talk to you any more   . come on  i did enjoy the scenes where we see bombers headed towards israel and see them again on the monitor . mediocre in short .  
if there was ever a call to make a bad film that reflected how stupid humanity could become  this one would take the prize . the plot centers around bible prophecies that lie in hidden messages of the scriptures that prompt a group of power  seeking thugs to attempt total control of the world . just how stupid does this writer believe people to actually be   br    br   the acting was bad at best . casper van dien wasted his talent doing this film . michael york  s work was a fair match for the role  since he was the center of the film  and did a good job .  br    br   this plot was sickening and very disturbing . no tender or immature minds should see this film . this is how a basic good vs . evil plot can go astray .  br    br   there must be a lot of mental disease floating around the film circles  who look for ways to market this type of junk . there must have been something censored out to get a pg    rating  but it was still awful .  
i didn  t know what to expect from the film . well  now i know . this was a truly awful film . the screenplay  directing and acting were equally bad . the story was silly and stupid . the director could have made a smart and thought provoking film  but he didn  t . i squirmed in my seat for the last half of the movie because it was so bad . where was the focus to the film  where was anything in this film  christians should boycott this film instead of promoting it . it was shabbily done and a waste of my money . do not see this film .  
yes i admit i cried during this movie . it was so incredibly disappointing  that i couldn  t help myself but cry . tbn  trinity broadcasting network  has done it again . first with having the million dollar man  ex  professional wrestler  on their program  and now this .  br    br   the omega code follows a stream of sketchy religiously oriented movies . it was quite amusing  yet at the same time it was disturbing to find it so biblically inaccurate . the movie follows what is known as  the bible code  rather than following actual biblical scripture . this film is extremely poorly made from its writing to its directing to its hilariously horrible acting . its depressing that people actually put effort into this movie . it appeared more like a late night movie someone would watch on the usa channel or a straight to home video rather than a theatrical released movie .  br    br   i highly recommend you do not watch this movie  even if your life depended on it .  
 . . . . this movie basks too much in its own innocence . it doesn  t tell a story it  s more a big time snooze fest . while the actors are all personable  the story is so trite and goes nowhere . i think victor rasuk has great charisma  but deserves a real film from a real storyteller .  
what else is left to say   br    br   i  ve read all the reviews here and most are right on . . however  one person even went so far as to call this movie evil and that satan tainted it  or something along those lines  . evil   wow  what a shocker . . i mean  tbn basically made this film . open your eyes please .  br    br   anway  this was the very lowest grade of propoghanda nonsense that has come along in years .  br    br   the most terrifying thing about omega code is how much money they spent to make it . if this movie can be made  there are no limits  and therefore  we have no choice but to get ready for  yentl    and  ernest loses the omega codes .   br    br   for those of you who are into the biblical stories  the new movie dogma will pickup where omega code never started .  
quite honestly  the omega code is the worst movie i have seen in a very long time . during the first   minutes i sat stunned in my seat  trying to decide if i should demand a refund . but since i hadn  t paid to see it in the first place  passes   i figured i might as well stay . and i didn  t think it could possibly get any worse .  br    br   it did . i will quickly run through the low points  includes some spoilers   the horrible miscasting of casper van dien as gillen lane  a motivational speaker with two phds . the characterization was inconsistent for example  lane  despite his credentials  is a complete nitwit . then there  s the lame  o depiction of the fulfillment of the biblical prophecies we see a bunch of sensational news soundbites accompanied by ridiculous computer print outs of the translated biblical code . also  terrible  action  sequences lane escapes from tough situations without explanation  and the one time lane actually does seem to be in danger  it turns out to be a dream sequence  that  s cute for grammar school writing assignments  but it  s an inexcusable plot device in a motion picture . the pacing was bad after a long opener  the first third of the movie changes scenes every   seconds . later  the pacing improves  but there is still far too much unnecessary jumping around . and as someone else mentioned  years pass yet no one  not even lane  s young daughter  ages . that was disconcerting .  br    br   there are a few good things  though . the quality of the film  e . g . lack of graininess  is high and very attractive . the outdoor shots were well done and the location shooting added a touch of realism . also  there are a few moments in the last part of the film when lane calls on god  finally  to help him  this proved to be quite exhilarating  even to me  someone who does not accept jesus as a personal savior . but i liked this because it struck me as being the only genuine scene in the movie . unfortunately  it was followed by major incomprehensibility .  br    br   the characters  dialogue  direction and acting were all poorly done . michael ironside had nothing to do  and michael york was just weird . i think the producers wanted to do too much if the plot had been tighter and more focused  and the characterization more fleshed out  the film would have been far better .  br    br   in a nutshell  the omega code disappoints . definitely do not pay to see this . i give it  out of ten stars .  br    br    
i should have known i was in trouble with casper van diem as the lead character . words cannot describe  nor do they do justice to just how terrible this movie was . but please allow me to try to describe it horrible acting  terrible dialog  corny situations and through it all you get the feeling that you are being force  fed the beliefs and propeganda from the trinity broadcasting network . its a weak attempt at trying to show hollywood that a movie can be entertaining and have a deep  religious message attached to it . they failed miserably . it was clearly the worst movie i have seen in a long time .  
i went to see the omega code with a group of other christians totaling about   people . we all expected a good piece of christian film  making . what we got was an excruciatingly painful  drawn  out  and pretty boring attempt at a film . it has good looking production values but also has poor acting  a weak script with lousy dialogue  and no real sense of direction . from the first   minutes we all knew it would be a long night . we all hated it  and some people in our group placed this movie as reeking of more cheese than  anaconda .  none of us could believe that the movie lasted less than  hours . flashy effects and crisp looking cinematography can  t save this bad  bad movie . i  d give it a  out of    and the rating is only that high because i rented the abominable  movie  werewolf       the night before i saw this movie .  
the omega code was a model of cinematographical inconsistency . there was a bit  but precious little  of good acting  primarily by the two prophets and rostenberg  who only appeared once and had no lines . otherwise the acting was decidedly bad . the plot line was rather weak  and only partially based on already questionable biblical interpretation . certainly not one of the year  s best .  
i am a youth pastor  s wife and we took some youth to see this film . we then spent an hour trying to explain it to them . they didn  t get it and i didn  t enjoy it . it is based on a concept that has run through all three of the major religions of the world  the bible code  the torah code and the code in the koran  and is so questionable as to be laughable . this is not a step forward for christians in the arts  it is a step forward for those who believe we check our brains at the door .  
i  m a christian . i have always been skeptical about movies made by christians  however . as a rule  they are  know  nothings  when it comes to movie production . i admire tbn for trying to present god and jesus in a positive and honest way on the screen . however  they did a hideous job of it . the acting was horrible  and unless one is familiar with the bible in some fashion  one could not have understood what the movie was trying to get across . not only was the movie terribly made  but the people who made it even had some facts wrong . however  in this  critique   those facts are irrelevent and too deep to delve into . in short  the omega code is the absolute worst movie i have ever seen  and i would not recommend it to anyone  except for comic relief from the every day grind .  
  br    br   i would highly recommend seeing this movie . after viewing it  you will be able to walk out of every other bad movie ever saying  at least it wasn  t the omega code .   br    br   forget my money  i want my time back   
i sincerely consider this movie as another poor effort of dominican movie industry . the first   minutes of the movie are a little funny but then when they switch their role in the society  men doing what women usually do and women doing what men usually do  the movie falls . becoming boring and not funny at all . they let many things without explanation and the end of the movie is predictable . i didn  t like the way as a roberto angel played his character and his little either . i went to the movies theater hoping to see a good work but i went out really disappointed .  br    br   i don  t recommend this movie .  
i was very disappointed by this film for a few reasons . for the first half hour it  s actually pretty decent . although the acting isn  t any better then that which you would find in a rap video  its kinda funny and the production value doesn  t seem half bad . in fact i almost thought this would be almost as good as perico ripiao  another recent dominican film  which turned out to be much much better than i expected . the plot for the movie revolves around not just cheating husbands but how women are viewed and treated in dominican society as a whole  which makes for a good premise especially in the dominican republic . unfortunately i don  t think the makers of this film relies that a good movie is all about how you treat your subject matter  and they f  ing butchered the veal cutlet they had before them . about   minutes into the movie the roles of men and women are reversed after the main characters wife puts a kind of spell on him as a result of his cheating habits . not only does this transition happen via what look to be cutting edge  space age  cgi effects dating to what i  m guessing would be the    s  but the whole plot just goes down the drain . the rest of the movie is nothing but cheesy predictable situations  and clever one liners . to top it all off  and i guess i should warn you now spoiler alert  it all turns out to be a dream . oh my who didn  t see that coming  oh man i almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie . well after about an hour into it i start thinking  hmmmm something just doesn  t seem right about the sound track but what can it be    and then it hits me half of the music in the movie was taken from a video game called king of fighter   .  br    br   when oh when dr will you give us a film we can call a work of art     perhaps a comedy to match france  s amelie  or an action flick to match thailand  s ong  bak  an animation as akira was to japan  a witty crime thriller as layer cake was to england  or a socio  awakening journey as waking life had here in the states .  br    br   . . . i would give it a  but i  ve seen much worse come out of dr  search los jodedores and you  ll know what i  m talking about .  
someone will have to explain to me why every film that features poor people and adopts a pseudo  gritty look is somehow seen as  realistic  by some people .  br    br   i didn  t see anything realistic about the characters  although the actors did their best with really bad parts  or the situations . instead  i saw a forced  self  conscious effort at being  edgy    gritty  and  down and dirty  .  br    br   sadly  it takes a lot more than hand  holding the camera without rhyme or reason and failing to light the film to achieve any of the above qualities in any significant way .  br    br   it  s a sad commentary on the state of independent film distribution that the only films that see the inside of a movie theater are nowadays all carbon copies  with bad cinematography  non  existent camera direction and a lot of swearing striving to pass themselves as  art  .  br    br   it  s little wonder that films like  in the bedroom  or  about schmidt  get such raves . i found them to be meandering and very average  but compared to the current slew of independent clones like  raising victor vargas  they are outright brilliant and inspired .  br    br   a few years ago seeing an  independent  film meant that you would likely be treated to some originality and a lot of energy and care  and maybe a few technical glitches caused by the low budgets  nowadays  it means that chances are you  ll get yet another by  the  numbers  let  s  shake  the  camera  around  for  two  hours attempt at placating the lack of taste of independent distributors . and of course all that to serve characters and situations that are completely unreal and contrived .  br    br   is it any surprise that the independent marketplace has fewer and fewer surviving companies  not at all when you see films like raising victor vargas that do nothing but copy the worst of the films that preceded them .  
it has a great name  but thats it and you wont get more than that for your money  in fact the first      mins of the movie you might find it some kind of funny but after that the story goes from one side to another with no particular reason and you just cant understand whats happening until the action its gone .  br    br   and yet the producers  roberto angel salcedo  calls him an actor  but i don  t think the way he does could be called nothing but overacting   . . . . period . the little kid who plays as his son has totally no sense of acting and i believe it was just a favor he did or something because he had no clue of what he was doing .  br    br   for some reason while doing the casting they thought that by casting comedians they could made it  but they didn  t   and sometimes the tasteless cheap humor its so bad  i don  t buy it .  br    br   but hopefully this is as bad as it gets . to make people accept those dvd  s to the good taste public they will have to offer some food with it  that might work out .  br    br   maka  
the film is poorly casted  except for some familiar old hollywood names . other performances by unknown names  i . e .  jennifer gabrielle  are uninspiring . i have seen other films by this director  unfortunately this is one of his worst . perhaps this is a reflection of the screenplay   br    br   in a positive note  kim bassinger  s and pat morita  s performance saved the movie from oblivion . i enjoyed pat more in karate kid  though . there are many good movies to see  and in short  this one is not one of them . save your money and the celluloid .  br    br   jason vanness  
one of the worst films i have ever seen . how to define  worst   i would prefer having both eye balls yanked out and then be forced to tap dance on them than ever view this pitiful dreck again . somehow  one  hit wonder zwick manages a film that simultaneously offends elvis fans  mary kay saleswomen  las vegas  gays  fbi agents and the rest of humanity with any intelligence with a shoddy  sloppy farce so forced it deserves to be forsaken ed . how elvis presley enterprises could allow the rights of actual elvis songs to be used in a film with a central premise that seems to be  the only good elvis presley imitator is a dead one  is beyond me . the worst part of this mess  and that takes some work  is the mangled script in      elvis  words and songs that he would speak  perform in the      s are quoted  worst special effect  that oscar would go to the moron who decided that elvis  grave  potentially the most photographed  recognizable grave in the world  resembles a pyramid with a gold record glued atop and is situated in the middle of a park somewhere . potentially  this film  s biggest audience would be elvis fans . however  the rampant stupidity  nixon gave elvis a dea badge  not fbi credentials . . . and i could go on and on  actually undercuts that conventional wisdom . ugh . i used the word  wisdom  to describe this stupid movie . this is truly a horrible  horrible film .  
i saw this movie on a westbound american airlines flight . it was so bad it actually made the flight seem longer . the plot had potential  who wouldn  t love a movie about a woman who accidentally kills every elvis impersonator she meets   but it got screwed up a million different times by really poor writing . towards the end is an embarrassingly bad scene where a gang of elvis impersonators is on the roof of a casino reshipping the sky thinking he  s going to return  then a group of stars moves together to form an  elvis  constellation  which promptly shoots a bolt of lightning at the impersonators  sending them crashing through the roof . bad . . . really bad . which is the theme for the whole movie . i  d avoid this one at all costs .  
being an elvis fan  i can  t understand how this proyect could be done . is by far the worst elvis related movie of all time  totally unfunny  silly and plenty of mistakes about the king . come on  elvis  grave in a public park  a mention about suspicious minds in      . . . and these are just two examples . some people in the cast tries to do their best  mike starr is funny  specially as an impersonator   the tom hanks cameo is a surprise  but the guy playing the young elvis sucks . overall the movie lacks fun and becomes more boring minute after minute . if you want to see an ultra cheap  insane but absolutely funny little film related to elvis  i truly recommend you  bubba ho  tep  instead of this mess .  
darkly comic serendipity about a cosmetics saleswoman  with odd ties to elvis presley  running into a sea of elvis impersonators while speaking at conventions in nevada . . . and accidentally killing each one of them through little fault of her own . kim basinger  a still  attractive actress of considerable merit  likes to pick quirky movies to play in  but this dreadful screenplay  by mitchell ganem and adam  michael garber  hasn  t an iota of good humor . the stereotypes and low  ball gags are not meant to be the stuff of classic comedy  but even on a shambling  shameful level  the picture is crude and sloppy . if you do watch  see if you can count how much extraneous shots there are of basinger behind the wheel of her pink cadillac  hands always in the same position and a non  plussed look on her face . hopefully both she and elvis were well paid . no stars from   
my main comment on this movie is how zwick was able to get credible actors to work on this movie  impressive cast  even for the supporting characters  none of which helps this movie really . i have to admit though  tom hank  s cameo almost made it worth it  what was that about tom  did you lose a bet  the best cameo of the movie was joe isuzu though  by far a classic  the premise is good . basinger  s character  struggling with existence as a pink lady  is making her way toward vegas motel by motel pitching the glorious pyramid of cosmetic sales . this happens as corbett  s character is on his way to vegas to deliver an elvis suit to his soon to be ex  wife motivated by . what else . extortion . as they both make their way  they have numerous run  ins with elvis impersonators who on their way to an elvis impersonating convention in vegas . soon  the fbi gets involved and begins to track what they think is an elvis impersonator serial killer . unfortunately  premise doesn  t mean the movie was good .  br    br   when watching this movie  imagine you are back in the first grade  when story lines and continuity aren  t really important . it is much more enjoyable to just watch basinger look beautiful in her pink lady outfit rather than wondering why what she is doing doesn  t really make sense . the movie tries hard  but ultimately falls way way way short . ultimately  it is filled with ideas that could have theoretically been funny but in practice were not that funny .  br    br   it isn  t the worst  but you may find you yourself feel like leaving the building when watching this one don  t say i didn  t warn you   
omg  the only reason i  m giving this movie a  instead of a  is because tom hanks is funny as an elvis  in  the  box . apart from that  how did this halfway decent cast sign on to do such a lame movie   maybe it seemed like a good idea at the time . . . there are no laughs to mention  the stereotypes are pathetic  the cast is wasted  the direction is amateurish . now that i think about it  most of the blame probably lies with the director  joel zwick . he brings out nothing but flat performances from all involved . don  t waste your time like i did but then  i enjoy a good train wreck . geez  now the system is telling me i need more lines   here ya go this movie should be called return to sender . okay  now that was funnier than anything in the movie . . .  
elvis has left the building and he  s lucky because he didn  t have to watch this unfunny stinker . scene after scene director joel zwick finds ways to make an unfunny script even less amusing . filled with unfunny deaths  trite gay characteratures  and hack jokes  this film is more desperate than amusing . this is the sort of film that makes one hope kim basinger follows doris day into premature retirement . let us remember her the way she was  talented  and not what she  s become . david leisure  the delicious dennis richards and the rest are all wasted talents here . zwick finds a way to minimize their talents at every turn . the guy playing elvis sounds more like gomer than the king . the only really good bit of casting is the young girl who plays basinger as a preteen . she really looks like her and is actually pretty good . the only other reason to watch this film at all is to look for the tom hanks cameo . the cameo isn  t all that funny  but at least its not painful . one has to wonder if zwick has incriminating pictures of hanks or something that would make him do this movie .  
i have absolutely no knowledge of author phillipa pearce or any of her novels and if toms midnight garden is typical of her work i probably would have had little interest in her books as a child . when i was a child i wasnt really interested in litreture unless it had soldiers fighting monsters complete with a high body count  br    br   judging by this film version of toms midnight garden i guess pearce writes for lower middle class kids since much of the story of revolves around protagonist tom long moving to a house with no garden then suddenly finding a metaphysical one . having a garden of your own was no doubt something that working class people didnt have in the     s so i guess theres some political class ridden subtext there somewhere . theres also a romance involving a young girl called hattie but again are cynical kids amoured by love stories  perhaps the worst criticism is that very little in the way of excitement or adventure happens within the narrative  br    br   this is a childrens film that seems dated by its source . its inoffensive but im surprised by its high rating by the imdb voters . i wonder how many of them would have given it so many high marks if they were   year olds whod just seen the lord of the rings trilogy   
raising victor vargas a review  br    br   you know  raising victor vargas is like sticking your hands into a big  steaming bowl of oatmeal . it  s warm and gooey  but you  re not sure if it feels right . try as i might  no matter how warm and gooey raising victor vargas became i was always aware that something didn  t quite feel right . victor vargas suffers from a certain overconfidence on the director  s part . apparently  the director thought that the ethnic backdrop of a latino family on the lower east side  and an idyllic storyline would make the film critic proof . he was right  but it didn  t fool me . raising victor vargas is the story about a seventeen  year old boy called  you guessed it  victor vargas  victor rasuk  who lives his teenage years chasing more skirt than the rolling stones could do in all the years they  ve toured . the movie starts off in ugly fat  donna  s bedroom where victor is sure to seduce her  but a cry from outside disrupts his plans when his best  friend harold  kevin rivera  comes  a  looking for him . caught in the attempt by harold and his sister  victor vargas runs off for damage control . yet even with the embarrassing implication that he  s been boffing the homeliest girl in the neighborhood  nothing dissuades young victor from going off on the hunt for more fresh meat . on a hot  new york city day they make way to the local public swimming pool where victor  s eyes catch a glimpse of the lovely young nymph judy  judy marte   who  s not just pretty  but a strong and independent too . the relationship that develops between victor and judy becomes the focus of the film . the story also focuses on victor  s family that is comprised of his grandmother or abuelita  altagracia guzman   his brother nino  also played by real life brother to victor  silvestre rasuk  and his sister vicky  krystal rodriguez  . the action follows victor between scenes with judy and scenes with his family . victor tries to cope with being an oversexed pimp  daddy  his feelings for judy and his grandmother  s conservative catholic upbringing .  br    br   the problems that arise from raising victor vargas are a few  but glaring errors . throughout the film you get to know certain characters like vicky  nino  grandma  judy and even judy  s best friend melonie . the problem is  we know nothing of victor vargas except that he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood . we know that he knows how to lick his lips  and comb his fro  and carry himself for the sake of wooing girls into the sack  but that  s all . we know that nino plays piano  and quiet well  you could see it by the awards on the family piano . we know his sister nicki  is a gossip  loving girl with an invested interest in watching tv . we know that grandma is a hard  working traditional latina woman who  s trying to raise her kids with conservatively in a world of excess corruption . yet where is the titular character  victor vargas  he  s in this movie somewhere  but we only know what the movie tells us . this is by far the film  s biggest flaw . victor vargas isn  t so much a character but a ping  pong ball  bouncing between scenes with judy and his grandmother  but we never get to know who victor vargas really is . this is important because as i  ve mentioned the only thing we know of victor vargas is that he  s a sexually active teenager with a libido the size of manhattan . he  s a total alpha  male . victor vargas is not the kind of character i sympathize with at all . why should anyone  so by the end of the movie  in the aftermath of the climax are we truly led to believe that somehow victor vargas has attained any depth and learned the errors of his ways  how could such a two  dimensional character have any depth  if only the director had worried a little more about fleshing out his main character instead of worrying about getting that perfect hand  held shot .  br    br   raising victor vargas brings to life the world of the latino inner  city neighborhood to the big screen . something that few films have done before in the past . the film has been complimented for feeling so real  and i won  t  br    br   argue with that . i haven  t seen this level of reality since cbs aired survivor . seriously  although the movie has some nice shots of the city  the writer  director peter sollett was way too dependent on close  ups and hand  held shots . this problem is particularly noticed in indoor scenes that are so claustrophobic i was forced to perform deep  breathing exercises to keep from passing out . as the film continues  the shots get tighter and tighter with faces cropped from brow to chin on the screen you can practically smell victor vargas  s cheap cologne . the overall effect is unrealistic in contrast . the indoor scenes of inner  city apartments make them look small and cramp  which is not true . i  ve been in those type apartments i used to live in one . they  re not splendorous but they have high ceilings and they  re decent living spaces . by the movie  s standards you  d think that these apartments were  x  cells of brick  and  mortar  chipped paint and cracked walls . unfortunately  sollett  s constant use of close  ups and one particularly bad shot with a zoom  in on one scene come off as totally amateurish . but raising victor vargas is only sollett  s second film  and his most well known  a solid effort in filmmaking that will hopefully get better as he continues to make films . one review i read summarized the movie as  ethnicity for ethnicity  s sake   and i cannot agree more . if victor vargas were truly a great film and story  then the characters  applicability wouldn  t matter whether they were latino  chinese  etc . yet if you were to take this story and stick it in middle  class suburbia with a bunch of teeny  bopper white kids the results wouldn  t be such glowing reviews  and we  d see the film  s flaws more clearly . indeed  some other aspects of the use of latinos in this film bother me . while some aspects of victor vargas are accurate others i have to question . for example  victor  nino and vicky all share the same room to sleep . this set off an alarm for me because it seemed contrary to what i believe . any self  respecting latino family wouldn  t have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen  year old girl . at first i was unsure  perhaps i was wrong  but after speaking with my grandmother i knew my problem with this was justified . considering how conservative the grandmother is  you  d think that vicky would have been sleeping in her room .  br    br   as a latino who grew up in a somewhat conservative cuban household  raised by my grandmother while my mother was working full  time  i could relate to the movie in many ways  which is why my critical viewpoints are bittersweet because i really wanted to love this movie . unfortunately  my lack of respect for victor vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film . maybe it  s because victor vargas reminds me of those guys who were getting laid while i was playing with my sega genesis when i was seventeen . maybe it  s because without any further introspection by the film  victor vargas is merely a stereotypical hot  blooded latino  who  ll just end up shouting to girls from his car  hey bay  bee  ju want to get into my luv mah  cheen   either way i don  t like him  so ultimately how can i like a film about him  so if you  ll excuse me  i  m going to go stick my hands into a bowl of grits .  br    br    
i notice that the previous reviewer  who appears to be still at school  gave this movie a very good review and i can only assume that this is because the reviewer hasn  t seen the far superior     bbc adaptation of this classic novel . the major problem i had with this       version was the casting of anthony way as tom long . anthony way was a talented boy treble who shot to fame after appearing in the tv mini  series  the choir  . i can only assume that he was cast for the role of tom long on the strength of his excellent acting in  the choir  . unfortunately the small boy who appeared in  the choir  had grown into a tall and gangly youth by the time  tom  s midnight garden  was filmed and as such anthony fails to convince as schoolboy tom . it is too far a stretch of the imagination to believe that tom  as played by anthony  would befriend the far younger hatty . in the     bbc version tom and hatty are much closer in age and the development of their friendship is so much more believable . for a     movie even the special effects fail to convince and are not any noticeable improvement on the     tv effects . the casting and acting of this version are inferior to the earlier adaptation and all in all the movie was a lack lustre version of a true classic . as a final observation i would point out that the vhs of the     bbc version fetches well over    .   second hand whereas a new dvd of this version can be bought for under   .    need i say more   
if you like bad movies  this is the one to see . it  s incredibly low  budget special effects  you  ll see what i mean  and use of non  actors was what gave this film it  s charm . if you  re bored with a group of friends  i highly recommend renting this b movie gem . it  s mulletrific   
i would love to have that two hours of my life back . it seemed to be several clips from steve  s animal planet series that was spliced into a loosely constructed script . don  t go  if you must see it  wait for the video . . .  
a difficult film to categorize . i was never giving it     concentration  consequently as simple as the plot appeared i couldn  t say for certain exactly who was doing what amongst the american fbi characters  what their roles were . nor could i take the irwins seriously as film characters when their lines  scenes were all in the style of one of his shows  not acted out .  br    br   this is nothing more than a glorified episode of a discovery tv show  with a largely insignificant sub plot going on  which just seemed to get in the way . however as any irwin show is always worth a watch  this film is well worth a look too  but not on christmas day . talking of which  i  ve better things to do too than be on here .  br    br   a high      
on steve irwin  s show  he  s hillarious . he doesn  t even try to be funny and he just is but his movie wasn  t even what i would call a movie  i mean when that guy on his car is trying to kill him he  s just saying  oh  this is one nasty bloke   and looking straight into the camera . he put his face in the camera too much  and then when the guy falls off the car wouldn  t you expect him to be dead  and terri had the worst acting i  d ever seen  like when the crocodile almost ate steve she just says  steve  . she didn  t sound scared or anything  it was just  steve  . i mean i hate to sound mean but that was not worth seeing . i love steve irwin but his movie was just too stupid .  
i think the croc hunter is a pretty cool guy  i know i wouldn  t have the nerve to go even  feet away from a croc .  br    br   but  everything in this movie is bad . farting jokes  people getting eaten  and the skit about the president all make the movie one of the worst of all time .  br    br   it  s a really bad film that you have to stay away from . all the  jokes  are so juvenile that you will find yourself laughing because they are so stupid . the plot is so bad that you wonder if the screenwriter is  years old .  br    br   i  m surprised the croc hunter did not beg the crocodile to eat him after he saw this .  
gday mates  just watched croc hunter the movie . it was alright but the show seems more real . this just seemed like a longer animalplanet episode with funnier lines and more characters . a few things steve described snakes fangs like hypodermic needles . yeeeowch  for reals you know that hurts . and cant they jump up high  hes all grabbin them by the tail and stuff . there was two major cleavage shots in this movie . when terry find that baby joey she goes like  we have to nurture them  just like a baby  . woah  i thought she was gonna up  breast feed that kid . that woulda made it pg    though . while on terry  did anyone notice on the movie and a lot of the show terry  s knowledge on ritual mating . she knows her sex stuffs . movie takes place in queensland  austrailia . i want a koala  dingo  and joey   br    br   steve  s dog sui actually has a purpose in this movie . albeit a small one which proves useless against the dynamite  wielding hottie .  br    br   oh and if anyone else watches this  try and agree with me in saying that country bumpkin fat lady with the herd of dogs was right in shotgunning the croc . he was eating her sheep   i would be mad too   
so  steve irwin . you have to admire a man who is not only willing to throw himself into a river that clearly is filled with crocs  snakes  lizards  tons of poop from the aforementioned reptiles  and mud  not only daily  but with enthusiasm . he was never able to make me want to do it  but he managed to make his wife come close .  br    br   this movie does not fall into my parallel universe of film category  the films for people who just had their teeth drilled  have a migraine  or have no film experience and therefore like quiet mediocrity  currently well populated by disney films  . it  s too noisy . well  steve is too noisy . he  s just so happy all the time  and would cut right through the blas  teenager  i can hear it now  that movie was so stupid   or the tylenol with codeine . i  d say his enthusiasm is catching  but if it was  i would own a room full of snakes  and that hasn  t happened yet . i agreed they  re beauties  but i  m still not going to pet them .  br    br   plot was indeed predictable . bad guys were so bad  for a minute there i thought i was shopping at a consumer electronic superstore . but the movie was filled with animals  and steve and terri  which is why i watched it . that plot  if you could call it that  was really more of a reason to throw yet another croc in a truck . my expectations were low and stayed that way .  br    br   i was hoping  though  that there would be a bit of a sequel  where steve and terri  having worked on their acting skills  have a movie with a real plot and more animals with fur . i still can  t believe we won  t see steve anymore . i hope that terri and the children continue to be involved in the australia zoo and the discovery channel  at least . i can  t imagine seeing a crocodile without having some member of the irwin family telling me forcefully how wonderful that croc is . crikey   
i caught this at a test screening . all i can say is what . . . the . . . hell  this movie plays out about as smoothly as mickey mouse reading the script for  scarface .  it  s bizarre beyond making the slightest bit of sense and even if you do leave your brain in the car  the film is still so bizarre that it isn  t even funny .  br    br   the plot involves crocodile hunter steve irwin trying to  save  a crocodile which contains a cia probe . the cia comes after irwin to get their probe back  irwin mistakes them for poachers  and sets out to  stop  them .  br    br   that  s about all the story there is the rest is over  the  top lampooning of australian culture   didja see dat   and  crikey    and strangely choreographed action sequences . at one point  irwin mounts a speeding rv and knife fights with a cia agent on top of it . yes  that  s right steve irwin knife fights a guy on top of an rv . let that be your guide for this ridiculously bad film .  
ok  first of all  steve irwin  rest in peace . you were loved by many fans . now . . . this movie wasn  t a movie at all . it was  the crocodile hunter  tv program with bad acting  bad scripts  and bad directing in between steve capturing or teaching us about animals . he was entertaining as an animal seeker  specialist . millions will miss him . but the whole movie idea was a big mistake . the plot was so broken  it was almost non  existent . casting was horrible . the acting wasn  t even worth elementary school  level actors . the direction must be faulted as well . if you can  t get a half  way decent performance out of your actors  no matter how bad the script is  you must not be that good in the first place . i could have written a better script . i wish i had never been to see this movie . of course  i watched it for      .   for me    .   for my son .  while out with friends who insisted upon seeing this instead of scooby doo live action . my son  who is not so discriminating  liked the movie alright  but he still has never asked to see it again . if you want fond memories of steve irwin  buy his series on dvd . avoid this movie like the plague . if i were steve  i know i wouldn  t want to be remembered for this movie . respect him avoid this movie   
this movie has a very broadway feel  the backdrop  the acting  the  noise   and yet that  s all it has . some  sense  of a broadway without the bang .  br    br   the movie is slow  paced  the picture disjointed  the singing  pops up  on you so that you suddenly are reminded it  s a musical .  br    br   disappointing sinatra  br    br   intolerable sinatra  s fianc    surely  the pitch and the accent of her voice was unnecessary .  br    br   tolerable mr  i remember the numbers on my dice   br    br   delight brando  s understated singing  very biased    br    br   surprise how much jean simmons looks like vivien leigh in her havana scenes . it  s the bone structure  how i would  ve killed to have seen miss leigh in a role challenging brando again .  
en route to a small town that lays way off the beaten track  but which looks suspiciously close to a freeway   a female reporter runs into a strange hitch  hiker who agrees to help direct her to her destination . the strange man then recounts a pair of gruesome tales connected to the area in the first story  an adulterous couple plot to kill the woman  s husband  but eventually suffer a far worse fate themselves when they are attacked by a zombie and in the second story  a group of campers have their vacation cut short when an undead outlaw takes umbrage at having his grave peed on .  br    br   the zombie chronicles is an attempt by writer garrett clancy and director brad sykes at making a zombie themed anthologya nice idea  but with only two stories  it falls woefully short . and that  s not the only way in which this low budget gore flick fails to deliver the acting is lousy  with joe haggerty  as the tale  telling ebenezer jackson  giving one of the strangest performances i have ever seen   the locations are uninspired the script is dreary there  s a sex scene with zero nudity and the ending . . . . well  that beggars belief .  br    br   to be fair  some of sykes  creative camera  work is effective  although the gimmicky technique employed as characters run through the woods is a tad overused  and joe castro  s cheapo gore is enthusiastic an ear is bitten off  eyeballs are plucked out  a face is removed  brains are squished  and there is a messy decapitation . these positives just about make the film bearable  but be warned  the zombie chronicles ain  t a stroll in the park  even for seasoned viewers of z  grade trash .  br    br   i give the zombie chronicles      but generously raise my rating to  since i didn  t get to view the film with the benefit of  d  although i have a sneaking suspicion that an extra dimension wouldn  t have made that much of a difference  .  
i never was an avid viewer of  crocodile hunter   but did occasionally see an episode  or a bit of an episode  and when the news spread about steve irwin  s death from a stingray attack in      it certainly caught my attention . this movie  with steve and his wife  terri  playing themselves  but in a fictional story  was released in      but i didn  t hear of it until several years later  and even after that  it took me a while to get around to seeing it . well  now i have seen it  and after looking here first  more than once   and seeing its rating  i was not surprised at how unimpressive it turned out to be  though it could have been a bit better . apparently  it  s supposed to be a comedy  so a major problem with it is that it isn  t very funny at all .  br    br   a u . s . satellite beacon falls down from space and lands in australia  where it is swallowed by a crocodile  while steve and terri irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where it terrorizes the cattle on a ranch owned by the crazy brozzie drewitt  and are unaware of what  s inside it  two cia agents are sent to australia to retrieve the beacon  the agents are assisted by jo buckley  and the ranch owner and her dogs might make the mission more difficult for them  on steve and terri  s mission  they face other types of dangerous wildlife  not just the crocodile  and since they have no clue that the croc has anything unusual inside it  when steve sees the cia agents after them  he mistakes them for poachers   br    br   not only did i not laugh once while watching this film  the only part that really made me smile was steve irwin using a big snake to scare off one of the cia agents . apart from that  i don  t think i found anything even mildly amusing . it  s also a bit of an incoherent mess  switching back and forth from the australian outback to the cia headquarters  and it seems like clips from  crocodile hunter  and clips from an action thriller  or something like that  put together for some reason . also added to that mix are the ranch scenes  which also seem to be from somewhere else  and as funny as brozzie drewitt  played by magda szubanski  is supposed to be  she  s not . at one point  we see her farting  so we have a fart joke  a major clich in modern comedy  are they so hard to resist   i also found the typical  crocodile hunter  scenes  with steve wrestling crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking about them to viewers  to be tedious  but i guess the fact that i was never a devout fan of the show didn  t help .  br    br   steve irwin was admired by many as a conservationist  and is sadly missed by them  while there are also those who say he messed with nature and had it coming to him . no matter which side you  re on   the crocodile hunter collision course  is not a well crafted movie . i  m sure it does help if you  re a big steve irwin fan  but even if you are  there  s no guarantee that you would like this movie  as some fans clearly haven  t been impressed . in fact  it seems that some of them have found this movie to be worse than i have  so maybe it won  t help . like i said  there  s no guarantee . i would say whatever you may think of steve irwin and his show  this movie was unnecessary . the attempt to combine what is usually seen in  crocodile hunter  with a fictional story unfortunately failed  and a viewer may find that this film seems longer than ninety minutes   
some people say steve irwin  s larrikin antics and gregarious personality are only an act . watch this film it  s obvious he can  t act .  br    br   steve irwin  dangerman star of the small screen in his crocodile hunter diaries  croc files and eponymous crocodile hunter series  you see a naming trend here  or is it just me    rockets his larger  than  strife persona to the big screen with crocodile hunter collision course  yup  there  s a definite trend of words beginning with  c    basically an episode of crocodile hunter mashed together with a b  movie .  br    br   on a mission to relocate a big croc to save it from being shot by an eccentric farmer  magda szubanski   steve and wife terri are unaware that the croc is being tracked by american spies  lachy hulme and kenneth ransom   out to recover a spy satellite beacon it has swallowed . will it hurt my credibility to say  they  re on a collision course with wackiness    what credibility   ed note .   br    br   the plot is irrelevant  as it is steve  s animal magnetism that propels the film . if you find his persona trying  the film is a failure  but if you  re a fan of either him  as a businessman  conservationist or just plain ass  klown  or his television shows  expect more of the same on a wide  screen budget .  br    br   john stainton  faithful liege  best mate and helmer of the crocodile hunter oeuvre  can it be called that with a straight face    writes and directs with the same provincial swagger that made steve a household wildlife jester .  br    br   the most jarring aspect of this movie is that steve  one of the few people for whom you can actually hear the exclamation points going by as he speaks  and terri  steve  s spouse of   years  fiercest ally and closest friend  treat it like it is one of their documentaries  breaking the  fourth wall  and speaking directly to the camera  whilst all the other characters behave as if they  re in a bad movie  well  . it wouldn  t be so incongruous if steve and terri were kept separated from the rest of the characters  but when the bad americans constantly threaten steve  s life  we confused viewers must ask ourselves why the indifferent camera crew doesn  t at least call the cops if not try to poke the bad guys in the eye with the boom mics  or run screaming into the bush  anything but continue filming casually with great lighting  crisp audio and seven action angles .  br    br   while terri is unfairly painted as steve  s mildly incompetent sidekick  her acting consists of boldly inept line reads and gadding about in pear  shaped  buttock  hugging jeans  for the last  i  m not complaining   steve goes about his business  as  usual of show  and  tell with creatures intent on killing him  doing all his stunts himself because  well  to him they  re not really stunts  just a day at the office .  br    br   of course  watching this madman  s koo  koo adventures after his tragic death in september     casts a strange detachment over the proceedings . but to those of us who never met him  this kind of malarkey  as well as various incarnations of the crocodile hunter series in constant re  runs  keeps him as alive as ever in our crocodile burrows . the wrenching reality of his absence will only be apparent to those nearest him . and i truly wish them the best in following in his outsize footprints  br    br   so enjoy this diversion for what it is  a half  baked movie featuring a full  on legend . he died doing what he loved  interacting with wildlife  and he could never have asked for more of his first feature film in portraying him doing just that .  br    br    movie maniacs  visit poffysmoviemania . com   
the movie has several story lines that follow several different characters . the different story lines don  t feel like one whole complete piece which makes this comedy a very incoherent one and gets even annoying to watch at times .  br    br   it may sound weak and clich but it  s true you  re way better of watching the crocodile hunter series on the discovery channel with steve and terri irwin . it  s more fun and even more hilarious than this movie is . i  m sure both cast and crew had lots of fun making this movie but the movie doesn  t give us the viewers much pleasure . for a comedy it simply isn  t funny enough and steve and terri irwin just aren  t good actors  not even when they play themselves  their antics are simply not good enough to make an entire movie around and their scene  s feel long  distracting and unnecessary and even annoying at times .  br    br   the movie had quite some potential  i mean steve irwin is one character that in a strange way is both intriguing and hilarious to watch  so when i first heard that they were making a movie about  the crocodile hunter  my first reaction was brilliant  the movie however heavily suffers from its weak story and the incoherent story lines with uninteresting and unfunny characters . the movie does has a certain entertainment value  at least enough to make this movie watchable for at least once but still  i must certainly wouldn  t recommend this movie .  br    br   watching this movie felt like a waste of time . still this movie might be watchable just once  when it gets on tv  on a rainy afternoon . it does has some good moments but the story lines really completely ruin the movie and its potential .  br    br        
i saw this film yesterday . . i rented the dvd from blockbuster . . in fact  i know one of the actresses from the film . . i won  t say who . .   that  s kept under wraps . .  but i must admit  it wasn  t as good as i thought it would be . . tom savini  hats down to this guy . . but it  s a shame he wasn  t in the film for long . . what lacks the film is the idea  the script  sound  etc . . it may look like a good movie . . but it wasn  t that entertaining . .  br    br   well  i  m glad my sister paid    for renting  dvd  s from blockbuster . . i chose this one . . and i was disappointed . anyway  thumbs down for me . .  not my cup of tea   out of     
i couldn  t watch more than   minutes of it . it  s a great combination of really bad acting and really bad directing . the shots used are disgusting  they broke the    degrees angle all the time . my head hurts try to watch that load of  you know what  . dirt on the  mystery machine  window make you see light from the lighting on the windows . . . annoying . what else . . . it  s so badly framed all the time it  s just make you want to scream at that lady directing there . i only directed short films  but i  m pretty sure i  d be way better than that directing a feature film . . . . the story is unbelievable  just the long french kissing scene at the beginning tell you that it  s gonna be pretty awful . so pretty much  try to avoid this really bad movies at all cost  it  ll save you the  bucks or so for the rental  and that  h   hour of your life you  ll never get back . . .  
if you liked  blair with  you  ll like this one . it has the same lousy camera  work and soundtrack  and it has the same non  existent plot and suspenseful moments .  br    br   it also has tom savini  so if you like romero  s  dawn of the dead  or tarantino and rodriguez   from dusk till dawn  you  re in for a treat . he is an icon and a very good actor as well .  br    br   no  seriously . this movie is definitely the lousiest movie i  ve seen in a long time  and i  ve seen quite a few movies   bad ones as well . i can tell you that i find most horror movies entertaining in some respect  but this was just a pure waste of time .  br    br   the only reason why i gave this movie  instead of   was the naked chicks and the hot action with all the sharp  looking plastic teeth . . . no  i  m just kidding . i must have missed before i hit  submit  on the vote form .  br    br   stay away  even though it has sexy girls with teeth on the cover   
when teenagers go on a trip in a camper van there are many clichs that you can guarantee will follow .  br    br     the teenagers will be warned not to go where they are going by a crazy local . dan van husen handles that with ridiculous exposition about deadly sirens . what  who  how and why are handled in one almost unintelligible burst .   the van will break down .   whilst looking for help the group will be split up and be picked off one by one by whatever monster they have been warned about .   they will find a house inhabited by a madman  he will capture them .   the house will have a phone but it will not work  it will be disturbingly decorated  there will be flickering neon light  spiders and maggots .   the madman will catch them as they try to escape in a vehicle that won  t start  here the high speed getaway was to be made on a tractor  .   the madman will be seemingly killed only to come back from the dead for a cheap  weak scare and will then be killed properly .   only a girl will be left alive from the group .   there will be an unnecessary twist at the end .  br    br   add to these elements naked sirens  who the characters seem to react to in startling different ways despite the fact that everyone that sees them is supposed to fall into lust with them immediately  that seduce and kill the teens  throats being ripped out and bodies being pulled in half and you have something resembling a twelve year old boys dream movie .  br    br   i think it is only fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as it is possible to be but i am happy to point out that there are a few elements that boarder on pleasurable and are a great improvement on his previous film  darkhunters  which is one of the worst films i have ever seen . at times the cinematography is very good  the music and editing are a cut above his previous films and some other low budget horror movies . i was impressed to hear that it was achieved with a third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity . however  the worst things about this movie are not to be found in the body of the film  it is ultimately a mildly diverting if pointless movie that has been done time and time again  but amongst the dvd extras .  br    br   if you do rent this film i implore you to listen to the director  s commentary it is beyond belief . there is more to say about this than the film itself . one staggering part of the commentary is the director  s claim that the film is clich leaden because it was a preconceived idea . he says it is a deliberate attempt to use all of the clichs and openly he wonders if  people will get it  .  br    br   i  m afraid to say that if this is supposed to be a clever nod and a wink to films of the past and the genre clichs within them then it is not wittily scripted enough  acted in an appropriate tone nor directed with enough style to work . if this film was made to order it leads me to ask one question  what was the point   this is s afilm that just slips right into the canon of bad horror movies  any attempt to do something clever or different haven  t worked .  br    br   the next nugget of brilliance is a conversation about the snobbery towards digital film formats . they rightly point out that digital is often synonymous with cheapness and ease of use . however  the best moment of the conversation comes when they bemoan the fact that when michael mann makes a film in the format he is branded as a visionary . there is a simple distinction to be made here mann is a talented director who will use the format to fit his story and style  roberts is a horror hack who uses it to produce bottom shelf genre pictures . i think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant but redundant .  br    br   the best moment is reserved for robert  s comments about people who have taken the time to review his previous film . those who didn  t like it are generalised as  geeks  and he even goes as far as to single out specific people for having the nerve to voice their opinion in forums that encourage them to do just that . i must admit i was slightly disappointed that my review of his last film wasn  t singled out for ridicule . the tirade goes further as the group joke about norwegian reviewers  complete with  hilarious  accents to imply that people from norway wouldn  t know a good film simply because of where they are born . as always these sorts of comments say more about those saying them than those they are targeting  they simply make the director and his friends look ignorant .  br    br   the package in rounded out with a tasteful featurette about how the sirens were cast . robert  s swears blind in voice over   i didn  t want to make a film that was like baywatch  as we see audition tapes of topless and naked girls writhing around on the ground . there is also a simpering  self  indulgent documentary about the making of darkhunters during which robert  s says that a reviewer has claimed that forest is  the best british film in years  . i don  t know who he is trying to convince . at one point in the commentary track robert  s says jokingly  i can see people sitting at home saying  this isn  t amazing  its sht  he isn  t wrong .  
ok me and a friend rented this a few days ago because we like to keep track of b  movies since we do them ourselves . anyway  the cover contained blood and weird looking naked girls with fangs and stuff . . . and tom savini  there is just no way this movie can fail  right  wrong   it just seems like such a waste  there was really no story  the dialog was terrible  is anyone there  x          the characters were . . well  they really lacked any kind of personality . . . the effects were terrible . . and whats up with these long artsy shots of scared people running around doing nothing . . with extreme closeups of eyes and stuff  we were sitting the whole movie waiting for something . . . anything to happen . . . but no . . .  oh  here comes the nymphs  great  oh . . they  re kissing . . . again . . . and now for the violence  ok . . . nothing really happens . . . again . . . oh  now they run around . . . and the closeups of eyes . . . again . . . oh  heres tom savini  oh . . . he died . . . right . . . ok  maybe now something cool or even interesting will happen . . no . . oh  cool  a severed head  the end . . . oh crap . .  and finally  since i  m so full of myself . . i  ll tell you this  give me a van  six actors  a weird looking house  tom savini  a couple of naked girls with fangs and buckets of blood and i could make the coolest movie you  ve ever seen . . . i  ve made movies with zero budget in two days that has better effects  better acting and a better script than this . . . what is this johannes guy doing   making cool movies is easy  it could have been so great . . . i  m really upset    
i thought that the nadir of horror film making had been reached with  book of shadows   i was wrong . this film makes that look like  the magnficiant ambersons  compared to this piece of shameless  unexpurgated fecal matter that has the audacity to call itself a movie . i  d write more but i  m still to angry that i was idiot enough to spend   renting it  bobbins .  br    br   and were these people english  and where is the forest  i have lived in the uk two thirds of my life and as far as i know there are no dark uncharted woodlands in the midlands . the whole bally thing looked like a national trust conifer plantation . those angels looked like anorexic pornstars  turned most of them were  did my research  . i did however like the bit when judd got ripped in pieces .  br    br   p . s i love and admire tom savini but he cannot act  
booted out of heaven  a gang of horny naked female angels  with big plastic fangs  have taken up residence in a spooky forest where they feed upon any hapless souls who should wander by . it  s not long before a group of friends on a road trip are falling victim to the bloodthirsty babes an independent low budget horror made in the uk  forest of the damned takes an interesting premise and flushes it down the pan with some of the worst acting  effects and direction i have seen in a long time .  br    br   director johannes roberts shows some occasional flair behind the camera  the scenes in the delapidated house are fairly tense and there are some deftly handled  shock  moments  but for the most part the film is technically amateurish . throw in some truly awful performances from horror icons tom savini and shaun hutson  and you have one real bad movie on your hands .  br    br   some fun may be derived from the film  s sheer shoddiness  and there is loads of female nudity for the guys to savour  but most will find this a chore to sit through .  
nathan detroit runs illegal craps games for high rollers in nyc  but the heat is on and he can  t find a secure location . he bets chronic gambler sky masterson that sky can  t make a prim missionary  sarah brown  go out to dinner with him . sky takes up the challenge  but both men have some surprises in store   br    br   this is one of those expensive fifties mgm musicals in splashy colour  with big sets  loud music  larger  than  life roles and performances to match broadway photographed for the big screen if you like that sort of thing  which i don  t . my main problem with these type of movies is simply the music . i like all kinds of music  from albinoni to zz top  but broadway show tunes in swing time with never  ending pah  pah  tah  dah trumpet flourishes at the end of every fourth bar aren  t my cup of tea . this was written by the tag team of frank loesser  mankiewicz  jo swerling and abe burrows  based on a couple of damon runyon stories   and while the plot is quite affable the songs are weak . blaine  s two numbers for example are identical  unnecessary  don  t advance the plot and grate on the ears  and are also flagrantly misogynistic if that sort of thing bothers you  . there are only two memorable tunes  luck be a lady  sung by brando  not sinatra as you might expect  and sit down  you  re rockin  the boat  nicely performed by kaye  but you have to sit through two hours to get to them . the movie  s trump card is a young brando giving a thoughtful  laid  back performance he also sings quite well and even dances a little  and is evenly matched with the always interesting simmons . the sequence where the two of them escape to havana for the night is a welcome respite from all the noise  bustle and vowel  murdering of noo yawk . fans of musicals may dig this  but in my view a musical has to do something more than just film the stage show .  
oh god where to begin . . . . . . bad acting . . . . characters you just don  t care about . . . are they american or british . . . they seem to think they are in america  because where else is this enormous forest in the midlands . . .  br    br   one big fault . . . they are driving all night through these woods . . . unless they are going around and around they  d have been in scotland come the morning . . when the whiny one knocks the poor wandering woman over . . . .  br    br   and they  re mobiles don  t work . . so what do they do . . . split up of course  make it easier to be picked off . . . so three go looking for a house that might be there in the middle of nowhere and two stay behind to  care  for the unconscious woman . . . so what do they do  rather than make her comfortable  cushion her head  cover her up or even move her off the blooming road they just leave her lying on the hard road while they go and make a fire    yrds away . . . . and all the time they have a camper van they could put her in . . .  br    br   and onto the horny angels that are supposed to have desired human kind so much that they were ejected from heaven to live amongst us . . . so what do they do  embark on sexual relations with any men they encounter  . . . . . . . . . no they bite huge chunks out of them and rip their heads off . . . i think they are missing the point . . .  br    br   these are not gorgeous sexually deprived former angels they are cannabalistic vampires . . . and as for tom savini saying how breath takingly beautiful they are . . . . well those gals have good bodies but nothing special in the face dept . the lead role was far more pretty than these so called irresistible sirens . . .  br    br   rubbish film waste of   .   from my local library . . .  
note to horror fans the only horror here is when you realized you just wasted   minutes of your life on a movie that  s so worthless it  s insulting .  br    br   i watched this because  br    br   the premise sounded slightly promising it  s not . it  s just an excuse to use the same lame set pieces from other low  budget slasher films that weren  t good either .  br    br   the promise of naked forest nymphs sounded nice even if the movie turned out to be awful it  s not . it  s so not . the amateur cinematography makes sure the  fallen angels  are about as sexy as the average homeless person .  br    br   the name tom savini has a long history in the horror genre he  s the king of low  budget special effects and lower  budget acting . come to think of it  savini should have been a reason not to watch this movie . it  s not that he  s bad  but he  s almost always in bad movies . his only good role was in from dusk till dawn  and he  s been milking that at horror conventions ever since .  br    br   but let  s focus on the positive forest of the damned is a great example of how not to make a movie .  br    br   everything else is a negative . obviously the writer is allergic to originality . the script is terrible . that  s all a given after the first   minutes . but the clueless pacing the way the director treats  plot  and  characterization  as a nuisance he thinks no one cares about anyway and the excruciatingly long and boring driving  walking  and nature sequences  no doubt added to increase the running time to make the film qualify for distribution  show a complete lack of aptitude for film and storytelling in general .  br    br   this is another good example of the number  one way you can tell if a movie is going to be bad if it  s written and directed by the same person  expect garbage .  
i rented this flick for one reason tom savini  i respect his work but this was a real let down  i had horrible clichs  half of the film was naked women so called  fallen angels  running around trying to act scary  oh and then there was the occasional  blair witch  black and white motion sicken camera scenes . tom  s character was really awful  horrible script . and you got to love these lines they use .  is anyone there  who is out there  this isn  t funny  no but your acting was . i wish i could give this flick a   oh the names of the characters . judd  molly  ally  emilio  but they did leave out anthony  the breakfast club reunite in the forest of unforgivable acting .  
this movie was pretty much a waste of an hour and a half of my time . i generally like the cheap horror monster type movies  but this movie was a disappointment . the main flaw being the lack of explaining the creatures . when they entered the house and found the man he could have at lease explained them . he doesn  t really say anything about them other than that they killed his parents  and unless i missed something the didn  t say how he managed to escape either . . . not to mention the fact that it gives no clue or reason why the only survivor stays and essentially feeds the creatures after her own near death experience . it would have seemed that she would have had the opportunity to leave after the  cross incident  .  
the plot was very thin  although the idea of naked  sexy  man eating sirens is a good one .  br    br   the film just seemed to meander from one meaningless scene to another with far too few nuddie  splatter  lesbian mouth licking shots in between .  br    br   the characters were wooden and one dimensional .  br    br   the ending made no sense .  br    br   considering it had tom savini and shaun hutson in it  you would have expected a decent plot and decent special effects . some of the effects were quite good but there were just too few of them .  br    br   brownie points go for occasional flashes of tits and bush  naturally  and of course the lesbian moments . i also thought that the scene with the sirens bathing in the pool under the waterfall could be viewed as an innovative take on the  shower scene   br    br   the film had many of the elements that go into making a first rate horror film but they were poorly executed or used too sparsely .  br    br   if i had been watching this alone and aged    i would have really enjoyed it for about   minutes  with  hand of the remote control   then lost interest suddenly and needed a pizza . . .  
well this is a typical  straight to the toilet  slasher film .  br    br   long story short  a bunch of teenagers  young adults becoming stranded in the middle of creepy woods and get hacked down by naked nymphomaniac demons .  br    br   this movie has all the basics for this slasher fromage  br    br    naked women   teens or young adults being marooned in someplace spooky   gory death scenes   the last survivor being a well built young woman who will always show off her midriff  but never bra less   a creepy  crazy man who knows about the evil   lesbian kiss scene   sex being a killer   no plot  br    br   even then for a cheesy slasher film  it was really terrible . the atmosphere is totally dead . nothing  not even the sexually explicit scenes and nudity  was enough to keep the male and lesbian female audience interested . watching it felt like it was being watched with a nasty head congestion or a nasty head cold .  br    br   give the demonic . . . . .     .  
forest of the damned starts out as five young friends  brother  sister emilio  richard cambridge   ally  sophie holland  along with judd  daniel maclagan   molly  nicole petty   andrew  david hood   set off on a week long holiday  in the middle of nowhere   their words not mine . anyway  before they know it they  re deep in a forest  emilio clumsily runs over a woman  frances da costa   along with a badly injured person to add to their problems the van they  re travelling in won  t start  they can  t get any signals on their mobile phones . they need to find help quickly so molly  judd wander off in the hope of finding a house  as time goes by  darkness begins to fall it becomes clear that they are not alone  that there is something nasty lurking in the woods . . .  br    br   this english production was written  directed by johannes roberts  having looked over several other comments  reviews both here on the imdb  across the internet forest of the damned seems to divide opinion with some liking it  other  s not  personally it didn  t do much for at all . the script is credited on screen to roberts but here on the imdb it lists joseph london with  additional screenplay material  whatever that means  the film is your basic backwoods slasher type thing like the texas chainsaw massacre       with your basic stranded faceless teenage victims being bumped off but uses the interesting concept of fallen angels who roam the forest  kill people for reason that are never explained to any great deal of satisfaction . then there  s stephen  played by the ever fantastic tom savini  who is never given any sort of justification for what he does . is he there to get victims for the angels  if so why did he kill andrew by bashing his head in  the story is very loose  it never felt like a proper film . the character  s are poor  the dialogue not much better  the lack of any significant story makes it hard to get into it or care about anything that  s going on . having said that it moves along at a reasonable pace  there are a couple of decent scenes here .  br    br   director johannes doesn  t do anything special  it  s not a particularly stylish or flash film to look at . there  s a few decent horror scenes  the tom savini character is great whenever he  s on screen  although why didn  t he hear judd breaking the door down with an axe while escaping with molly    it  s a shame when he gets killed off . there are a couple of decent gore scenes here  someone has their head bashed in  there  s a decapitation  someone gets shotgun blasted  someone throat is bitten out  someones lips are bitten off  someone is ripped in half . there is also a fair amount of full frontal female nudity  not that it helps much .  br    br   technically forest of the damned is ok  it  s reasonably well made but nothing overly special or eye  catching . this was shot in england  wales  it  s quite odd to see an english setting for a very american themed backwards horror . the acting is generally pretty poor save for savini who deserves to be in better than this . horror author shaun hutson has an embarrassing cameo at the end  proves he should stick to writing rather than acting .  br    br   forest of the damned was a pretty poor horror film  it seems to have fans out there so maybe i  m missing something but it  s not a film i have much fondness for . apart from one or two decent moments there  s not much here to recommend .  
from the start this film was awful  why was it that bad   if it isn  t the naked women  not only in need of a decent plastic surgeon but also the expertise of a dentist followed by a free hand out of colgate whitening   then it  s the  crazy  old guy at the gas station  who isn  t so much crazy  but more  i  m not sure how to act a great deal so i will stare straight ahead and look as stupid as i can while pretending to shout in robotic tones about something in the woods    then back to these naked nymphs in need of a cure for gingivitis . . . . apparently  without touching you . . . and this is according to the opening scene . . . . they can cause a nasty looking red rash on your neck  which i assumed to be a chunk of flesh missing but just looks as though it could do with some tcp to clear it right up . then you have sophie holland who plays ally  i have never seen such baaaaaad acting  she is more of a  me me me  if i  m not having fun no  one else is  and i don  t wanna do this so i won  t  and i  m the meanest cow on the planet  i  m sarcastic  petty and if i don  t get things my way i will sulk    kind of person . . . . reminds me more of a  yr old girl  s attitude . i don  t think it  s even worth mentioning the dire camera angles that remind me of blair witch  or how low  budget the film actually was that when judd was hacking at the  locked  door it was in fact open before he reached to unlock it from the other side   this film is completely laughable  if it were a spoof then it would have been successful . . . only just though  but  as a horror film is was just plain wrong    i can  t even being to describe everything that went t  ts up in this movie i would run out of room  although it was funny to watch andrew drip raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth while tom savini  s character was completely blind to the two hiding under the table directly in his line of vision   it was even funnier when these two thought they could escape on a god damn tractor  which as we all know is thee number one hated vehicle to get stuck behind since its so god damn slow  so is it any wonder they don  t get away with it   and how many people do you know that can slice open their wrist and then run around for hours as if nothing ever happened  no pain  no weakening from blood loss  nothing   but the silliest part is when all of a sudden  and i mean that literally  it  s one year later and molly is still wandering the woods after having escaped the nymphs  and then lo and behold  shaun hutson picks her up . . . of course not without a line to promote his books    altho admittedly he is one of my fav authors  but suddenly  and with absolutely no hint of an xplanation as to how and why . . . she  s evil herself and lures hutson to his death  then we cut to the crazy dude from the beginning suddenly wandering round the woods with a petrol can  even after his  dazzling  performance on why no  one should ever venture there for whatever reason . . . cue the nymphs stupidly slappin each other around a bit for fun while crazy pours petrol everywhere . . . . and here endeth the film . . . . finally  my conclusion . . . . if you hadn  t already guessed by now . . . . absolute rubbish  there was no proper thought went into it at all  whoever was aiming the camera needed firing . . . and come to think of it so did    of the cast  if the right director  actors  and budget got behind this it could have been decent . but  once again  low  budget english horror films but the rest of the genre  the country  and the english film  making industry to shame    and i  m english so i  m allowed to say that   in fact the only decent and exciting part of the movie is in the first      mins when we watch it turn from night to day over a field type area . all i kept thinking throughout this was  jesus christ in heaven why oh why did you allow someone to make this  its absolute cow  s testicles    but i can  t turn a film off after i  ve started watching it unfortunately . i had to watch from dusk til dawn afterwards just to remind myself that tom savini does have it in him to act well  if there was an option for     then believe me i woulda chose that  cuz this film isn  t even worth the one point i did give it   br    br   but this is just my opinion  watch it and decide for yourself .  
oh boy  where do i go with this one  herendous acting  weak plot  stupid deaths  pointless nudity . . .  br    br   this isn  t entertainment . . . this is hell .  br    br   hell .  br    br   don  t waste your money  time  or life on this pit of evil .  br    br   it  s just . . . god damn is this movie awful  tom savini  why   why would you waste your life on this crap  this movie not worth it . i  d rather snort crack and smash my head up against a wall than watch this . . . this sinful act again   br    br   please take my advice and stay the fk away from this elephant turd of a film . no  you know what  i shouldn  t even have to call this thing a film  just stay away   
i  ve seen a lot of movies and rarely would i ever rate a movie    but this movie was beyond terrible .  br    br   the acting was terrible  the plot was ridiculous  the effects were unrealistic and the characters were annoying . usually when i watch scary movies i think it  s dumb when the characters hears a noise in house  forest  school  etc and then yells out  hello is anyone there    but at least they  re believable when they do it . . this movie couldn  t even get that right .  br    br   this is a movie that  ll make other b  horror movies like venom and the fog look like academy award winning masterpieces .  br    br   i always have an open mind while watching movies and i can only say that this movie was a complete waste of time and i write this comment so that anyone else who  s thinking of watching this movie will think again . it  s awful   
though frank loesser  s songs are some of the finest that broadway has to offer  they  re bollixed by joseph l . mankiewicz  lethargic staging and uninspired presentation   when it  s over it barely feels like you  ve watched a musical . mankiewicz doesn  t seem to know how to present loesser  s challenging but tuneful melodies for maximum effect for example  one of the best numbers  the showstopping adelaide  s lament   concludes by having adelaide  vivian blaine  belt out the finale while sitting on a chaise lounge and stubby kaye  s faux  spiritual sit down  you  re rockin  the boat  has his backing choir sitting in folding chairs while he simply stands there . mankiewicz zaps all the fun out of everything by letting static scenes go on too long and his dialogue  adapted from abe burrows  stage book  has none of the wit that his films like all about eve  have . part of the blame has to go to the leads  just about all of whom are miscast marlon brando looks bewildered as to why he  s in a musical  frank sinatra plays way too nice a guy and has none of the edge which makes him so essential  the songs are not tailored to his style  and jean simmons barely registers the way a shirley jones might . only blaine  as the lovelorn showgirl adelaide  commands our attention like a broadway pro should . the colorful art direction is by joseph wright and howard bristol created the flashy sets .  
angels who got a little icky were banned from heaven and now reside in a british forest where they seduce and chop up teens . talk about high concept . on the plus side this little mother gives us tom savini  but since his acting range is limited to two minutes screen  time  his five minute presence seems a tad long . the angels run around the forest naked for the most part of the movie  but though they might have the body of an angel  their faces sure look like joan rivers on a bad day . mediocre acting and amateurish gore  effects don  t help and the night scenes fatally recall paris hilton  s most famous movie . so bad that it is really bad .  
this movie is a terrible waste of time . although it is only an hour and a half long it feels somewhere close to  . i have never seen a movie move so slowly and so without a purpose . this is also a  horror  film that takes place a lot of the time during daylight . my friend and i laughed an insane amount of times when we were probably supposed to be scared .  br    br   the only thing we want to know is why such a terrible movie was released in so many countries . it cannot be that high in demand .  br    br   the supermodel nicole petty should stick to modeling because although she is beautiful she lost her accent so many times in this movie  half of the time she is british and half the time she is american .  
this film actually works from a fairly original idea  i  ve never seen nymphs that were thrown out of heaven in a horror movie before anyway . however  the way that it executes this idea isn  t original in the slightest we follow a bunch of kids that  for some reason decide to go on a trip into the forest . the fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs make it more interesting than merely another forest filled by rednecks  nutcases  zombies etc but really  the monsters are just a variation on the common horror in the woods theme . many films of this ilk don  t have a single good idea  and it would seem that this one has worn its brain cells out with just that one . the only real asset that the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they  re beautiful women that the characters lust for  rather than being hideous grotesques that they want to run away from . this is good up until a point but it soon gets boring  and the almost complete lack of any back  story surrounding the central monsters ensures that the film is never going get itself out of the  horror trash  category .  br    br   it  s been years since the evil dead made the woodlands a prime horror location  and in spite of films like the blair witch project it still makes for an excellent horror setting . this is one of the film  s major assets  as the forest presents a good impression of the unknown  the only problem is that forest of the damned doesn  t ever seem to have much up its sleeve . the death sequences show a distinct lack of imagination  and the fact that all the characters are clichd in the extreme doesn  t help  as you  re more likely to be looking forward to seeing them get killed rather than hoping they can get away . the cast is made up of kids mainly  but there is a role here for tom savini who unfortunately doesn  t get to have fun in the special effects department . the only real highlight the film has where personnel are concerned comes from the nymphs themselves . the naked ladies tend to look great  and if it wasn  t for them  this film would get very boring very quickly . there  s nothing to recommend this film for really but if you want a daft little horror film that harks back to the style of eighties woodland flicks  you might find some enjoyment here .  
for the first forty minutes  empire really shapes itself up it appears to be a strong  confident  and relatively unknown gangster flick . at the time i didn  t know why  i thought it was good  but now i do .  br    br   one of the main problems with this film is that it is purely and utterly distasteful . i don  t mind films with psychos and things  to prove a point  take jackie brown  for example  but they  re all so terribly shallow in this  but that is obviously thrown in for entertainment . you literally feel a knot pull in your stomach . another major problem is the protagonist . he is smug  arrogant  yet  ironically enough  not that bad . he doesn  t seem tight enough to be a drug  dealing woman killer . the fact is  at the end of the day  this film is completely pretentious . not slick  not clever  just dull  and meaningless  this colossal mess should be avoided at all costs .  br    br    out of    out of    
i actually intended to see this movie in the theatre . it was actually sold out . i actually went to see solaris instead  which actually was the worst movie to be released in     .  br    br   victor rosa  john leguizamo   a tough  streetwise  street pharmacist   freaks out when he sees a kid get shot  so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with jack  peter sarsgaard  . things seem to be going pretty well until jack skips town with his girlfriend trish  denise richards  . this happened very late in the movie  so had they not revealed this in the preview  it might have been an interesting twist . but they did  so it  s not .  br    br   in fact  there  s not a single interesting thing about this movie everything is given away in the preview . if you saw even one preview  you saw the whole movie  so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps . go to the website  download the preview  save yourself   .   . there is not a single surprise or twist in the entire film  other than how terrible the soundtrack is .  br    br   i hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was fired . twice . most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were ricky martin and gloria estefan duets  and  i may shatter the fabric of the space  time continuum with a concept as mind  numbing as this  they both had less talent and musical ability .  br    br   the acting is at best poor  the script is at best a crime against humanity  and denise richards is at best    styrofoam and    ziploc bag . you know things are bad when john leguizamo  he was in the pest   upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities .  
the plot was predictable  and fighting with guns gets old  but this is a definate movie to look at if you have a low iq and don  t really care about real movies . i would endulge in true art movies  like  clerks    something about mary    el mariachi   or  la taqueria  .  
tedious girls  at  reform  school flick  which plays somewhat like a prison movie . chris  linda blair  is stuck in there after running away from her abusive father . once in the de facto jail  she is gang raped by her fellow female  inmates  .  br    br   overlong  even at   minutes   with an utterly pointless ending which makes the entire film seem pointless .  br    br     year old linda blair does her best to avoid showing her body when unclothed  but lets a nipple shot slip during a shower scene .  br    br       out of   
i discovered this movie with a retailer selling oop  s . and this one surely is an oop . one year after the exorcist she  s back in business with this movie but what we all new was that the career of blair never broke out  she never became a mega star . that  s one of the reason  s many of her films are oop . she gives a good performance in this movie . it  s about a reject not recognized by her parents and doesn  t have any friends . played at an age of   playing a girl of    that  s funny . the movie is also known for the rape scene in the showers were they stick a broomstick up her virginity . in most editions it  s cut out  why  i don  t know  no blood is involved  okay  blair is butt naked but nothing is shown  no ta so nothing to offend people . but the movie is slow  extremely slow . it doesn  t happy normally to me but i almost felt asleep . it  s just about that   year old becoming a rebel against society but no blood flows  no gore no nothing . why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me . if you  re a fan of blair  buy it if you can find it otherwise leave it as it is .  
i picked this one up because the music was done by hans zimmer  a customer of metasonix modular synths  made by someone dear to me  . the jacket art says  the     version  .  br    br   i give it one point for a strong female  one point for cheezy dialog and one last point for meg foster  s light blue eyes  of which there are plenty of shots of .  br    br   it was fun seeing david maccullum casually swimming  the pool has a plexiglass viewing window    while his lady love was being chased by a psycho in greece .  br    br   the sets were marginally impressive  that is  rich people  s houses in l . a . and mendanassos  sp    where the castle was . i found myself wondering how they were able to keep up the cleaning with all the dust blowing around . the wind wasn  t fierce enough to be believable to me . i kept thinking that the animal pelts on the furniture must be nasty . . . etc . and realized that the film must be pretty boring if i am wondering these things when the supposed plot was unfolding . i stumbled over things like why did she light a fire  blow out the match  then throw the match into the fire   dumb stuff like that . it was clunky at best . oh well . robert morely got to have a bit of fun with his kooky geezer character and a nice vacation out of it .  
  st watched            out of    dir  walter lang   disappointing musical from a character development standpoint  in my opinion  from this much  heralded rodgers and hammerstein piece . there a couple of good songs and a decent comical portrayal  at times  of the king of siam by yul brynner   but the movie doesn  t really do a good job of presenting the situation and the settings . i can only blame the screenplay and possibly some of the acting as to why we don  t fully understand the character  s and their situations . i know it might be a little too much to ask of a musical meant for the enjoyment of the songs and the dancing  but even this part didn  t stand out a lot for me . the basic storyline is about an english woman coming to siam to teach the children about upscale european things . we find out later that the king is actually the biggest pupil . there is a side forbidden romance between the king  s newest wife  played by rita moreno  a latino as an arab   come on    and a former lover that causes some complications but nothing really mesmerizing added though . deborah kerr  as the main female character annie   is ok but not that convincing either . the king learns some things because of her presence and then the movie fades away as he does . this is really a miniscule story with some songs and dancing but not that great of an experience for a viewer really .  
this review may have spoilers  but that determination would be negligible in such a classic and well  known story  br    br   the cinderella story ranks as my favorite fairy tale . the world will never have enough of this wonderful tale .  br    br   the problem is that everyone wants to tell their own version of the tale . this cannot work if the story deviates or attempts to throw some interesting ideas together with some magical photography and scrumptious looking production designs with poor direction and editing .  br    br   this cinderella story is more like an ugly duckling that never hatches or rather  is never transformed into a swan .  br    br   all the production value that money can buy  cannot purchase good cinematic timing and dramatic development  or good acting .  br    br   the entrance of cinderella at the ball as so poorly done  there was no drama of anticipation nor excitement of discovery .  br    br   the writing made me very nervous  too . the prince charming was the most undesirable of memory . why would any girl want to marry a boorish  self  absorbed prince who disliked women   br    br   turner  s turn on the stepmother role was an embarrassingly painful showing that demonstrated one  liners more than acting nuance .  br    br   even the cinderella part held little interest or sympathy .  br    br   perhaps only one sentence will describe this attempt so cheaply     s   br    br   what must be mentioned and mentioned in shameful excess is the glorious photography  matte work and production design . it was a pleasure to peruse the landscapes  sets and settings as the story unfolded .  br    br   for some cinderella storytelling  go for two gems  br    br     rodgers and hammerstein  s cinderella musical with lesley ann warren . even with the obvious stagey tv     s look to the sets  this is the best version on celluloid  bar none . an all star cast makes every effort to provide the highest entertainment . engaging  diverting and memorable writing and music . this is the classic .  br    br     ever after  this drew barrymore gem maintains the historical perspective  alters the story line but not enough to derail the effective development of the salient points of this classic tale . the characters of the principals and of all of the supporting roles were written smartly and acted well .  
disappointing musical version of margaret landon  s  anna and the king of siam   itself filmed in     with irene dunne and rex harrison  has deborah kerr cast as a widowed schoolteacher and mother who travels from england to siam in     to accept job as tutor to the king  s many children   and perhaps teach the royal one a thing or two in the process  stagy picture begins well  but quickly loses energy and focus . yul brynner  reprising his stage triumph as the king  is a commanding presence  but is used   per the concocted story   as a buffoon . kerr keeps her cool dignity and fares better  despite having to lip  synch to marni nixon  s vocals . perhaps having already played this part to death  brynner looks like he had nothing leftover for the screen translation except bombast . second  half  with anna and the moppets staging a musical version of  uncle tom  s cabin  is quite ridiculous  and the rodgers and hammerstein songs are mostly lumbering . brynner won a best actor oscar  but it is feisty kerr who keeps this bauble above water . overlong  heavy  and  old  fashioned  in the worst sense of the term .  from   
this is a kind of genre thing  meaning you either like the     s musicals or you don  t . if you do  you  ll love this . personally  i prefer the     s and most of the    s musicals with the dancing talents of astaire and rogers  and eleanor powell  bill robinson  ruby keeler  james cagney  shirley temple and so forth but the songs of the    s  the slower dance numbers and the soapy melodramas of the decade all turn me off .  br    br   this film is a case  in  point . the first song was okay but the next three did nothing for me . by then  the story didn  t have much appeal  either . the presence of deborah kerr is another minus . i don  t think i  ve seen a movie she starred in that i liked  including this one  where the goody two  shoes english teacher she portrays spends half the movie threatening to leave siam .  i which she had   .  br    br   however  divorcing myself from likes  and  dislikes  there is no denying this rogers and hammerstein production has a lot of appeal to many folks  particularly those who liked  the sound of music  a decade later . there are similarities in the rh musicals . thus  if you liked the julie andrews flick  you should like this  too .  br    br   this is a lavish production with  yes  a capital  l .  this is the kind of big  production musicals you rarely saw after that generation . you also get the dubbed singers  unlike today  where the actress isn  t able to really sing so marnie nixon comes to rescue of kerr  as she did with natalie wood in  west side story  and audrey hepburn in  my fair lady .   br    br   yul brynner is  king mongkut  and is the stereotypical traditionalist  the kind filmmakers always portray in a negative way . he isn  t  progressive   as the left wingers like the say  but the education teacher  kerr  as  anna leonowens   will set him straight . secular  progressives of today always place teachers higher than people trying to cure cancer  however  yul is good in this role and even employs some comedy along with his more  bark  than  bite character . justifiably  he is the big star of this film . brynner had magnetism . even in  the magnificent seven   yul was the one cowboy who mesmerized the audience .  br    br   in summary  it  s a fine movie for its day and millions of people enjoyed it . i  ll leave it at that .  
madison is not too bad  if you like simplistic  non  offensive   family  friendly  fare and  more importantly  if you know absolutely nothing about unlimited hydroplane racing . if  like me  you grew up with the sport and your heroes had names like musson  muncey  cantrell  slovak  etc .  prepare to be disappointed .  br    br   professional film critics have commented at length on the formulaic nature of the film and its penchant for utilizing every hackneyed sports clich in the book . i needn  t repeat what they  ve said . what i felt was sadly missing was any sense of the real excitement of unlimited hydro racing in the  glory years   which many would argue were already past in      .  br    br   yes  it was wonderful to see the old classic boats roaring down the course six abreast  though it was clear that the restored versions  hats off to the volunteers at the hydroplane and race boat museum  were being nursed through the scenes at reduced speed . but where was the sound  much of the thrill of the old hydros was the mind  numbing roar of six allison or rolls  merlin aircraft engines  wound up to rpm  s never imagined by their designers  hitting the starting line right in front of you . you didn  t hear it  you felt it . real hydro buffs know exactly what i  m talking about . there  s none of that in madison . instead  every racing scene is buried under what is supposed to be a  heroic  musical score .  br    br   and then there are the close  up shots of the drivers  riding smoothly and comfortably in the cockpits as if they were relaxing in the latest luxury limousines  in some cases taking time to smile evilly as they contemplate how best to thwart the poor home  town hero . or  in one particularly ridiculous shot  taking time to spot jake lloyd giving a  rocky  salute from a bridge pier . in reality  some unlimited drivers wore flak vests to minimize the beating they took as the boats slammed across the rock  hard water at speeds above    mph .  br    br   as one reviewer so aptly put it   the sport deserves better than this .   br    br   finally  since another user brought up anachronisms  i  ll add one the establishing shot of seattle shows the kingdome and safeco field . neither existed in      
this version moved a little slow for my taste and i suppose i have problems with this play to begin with . but first the movie  it  s a typical tv movie version of a play which means it doesn  t have the flair of the original film version with william holden . what they couldn  t afford to hire more than twelve people as extras  why move the movie up to      so you could give the little sister a line about the vietnam war protests  why not     and give her a line about the civil rights movement   br    br   as for the casting  some hits some misses . jay o . sanders hit the right notes for his character especially with his scenes with josh brolin . brolin on the other hand miss a lot of the notes . he  s believable as an ex  bmoc jock but he doesn  t have the raw sensuality of william holden . i always thought brolin looks a little bit like a gorilla to have all the women in town go ape over him  pardon the pun  . gretchen moll was lovely but she seemed a little too wise for the character she played . she didn  t project the innocence or ignorance that the character required . maybe it  s because she and brolin were about  years older than the characters should be . but then again holden was ten years too old . bonnie bedelia was rather forgettable as the mother and mary steenburgen can  t seem to make up her mind whether she was playing blanche dubois or katharine from  the taming of the shrew  .  br    br   as for mr . inge  s play  i always felt that stories like this of a young woman choosing passion over practicality always needed an epilogue .  the twilight zone  i believe offer a likely epilogue with the episode   spur of the moment  where a young diana hyland was being chased by a bitter older diana hyland  because the younger diana hyland chose to run off with a guy similar to hal carter .  
perhaps it  s because i am so in love with the william holden  kim novak version  or because i  m not a gen  x  er  but this was absolutely the worst remake i have ever seen . without the original  s soundtrack  it just seemed like another typical tv movie . . . yes  about as bland as kraft cheese .  
  br    br   according to reviewers  the year is     and the players are   year  old college kids about to enter grad school . jolly joke   br    br        the synthesizer keyboard was not invented yet  but there it is on the bandstand . the ford pony car was not invented yet  but there it is playing oldies music . the synthesizer appeared to be a model from the mid      s . the pony car at best is from the mid      s .  br    br     year  old college kids  josh brolin had seen   birthdays when this made  for  tv movie was produced .  br    br   the plot is so predictable that viewers have plenty of spare time to think of all the errors appearing upon their tv  s .  
william cooke and paul talbot share director  writer credit for this entertaining low budget film about three boys camping out in the woods with their horror magazines . feet propped up by the fire and schoolboy banter back and forth . . . and a scroungy town tramp named ralph  gunnar hansen . . . of leatherface fame  wanders over and trades four tales of gore in return for food and the warmth of the fire .  br    br   one tale is the old retread of  the hook   two teens on lover  s lane attacked by a demented killer with a hook for a hand . another story has a couple of tokers needing to score some weed . they stumble upon a guy that knows a guy that has some great st . as they smoke a couple of bags full their skin begins to turn gray and green before it bubbles up and falls off . one of the better stories is about an unhappy man returning home for christmas  who can  t wait for his mother to drop dead and enjoys telling his nephew and niece about satan claus . the fourth campfire tale is of a greedy sailor that washes ashore upset about an empty treasure chest and ends up being chased out to sea by zombies .  br    br   without a big budget for special effects  campfire tales gets the point across and really could have been a lot worse . a bit corny  but fun to watch except for maybe the sailor tale . the acting is understandably not award worthy . cast members include tres holton  courtney ballard  h . ray york  johnny tamblyn  walter kaufmann  kevin draine  david avin and paul kaufmann .  
well  what can you say about a barbara cartland adaptation   br    br   there are some amazing actors in this  oliver reed  sarah miles  christopher plummer  but they clearly are clocking up the money .  br    br   lysette anthony and marcus gilbert have appeared in two other cartland epics  anthony with hugh grant  who looks suitably embarrassed  and gilbert with helena bonham carter .  br    br   if you really want to see a  watchable  adaptation of cartland  the bonham carter one is the one to go for   a hazard of hearts   what a title    . gilbert is the weak link in that  but bonham carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act  and the rest of the cast play it to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek  edward fox  diana rigg   
the first power       was a terrible film that came out during the late    s  early    s era of cheaply made horror films . i found this movie very boring but extremely hilarious in some parts . this movie lacks so much sense and credibility that it ain  t even funny . the swift justice system in this film makes texas look weak by comparison . lou diamond phillips is in way over his head with this role  he plays a hard  boiled cop  and tracey griffith  melanie  s more attractive sister  plays a psychic . don  t waste your time with this one because it  s bad . what a minute  i take it back . this movie makes a great party film . check out the switchblade crucifix packing nun  she has the nicest legs i  ve ever seen on a nun that wasn  t in a jesus franco nunsploitation flick . yeow   br    br   this marked an end of an era for l . d . p . his star was tarnished and he couldn  t draw flies to a dung heap . it was d . t . v . for him until his  ressurection  a few years later .  br    br   not recommended unless you  re desperate .  
people tried to make me believe that the premise of this rubbishy supernatural horror  thriller was inspired by the actual last words spoken by an authentic serial killer  whose name escapes me at the moment  . whilst awaiting his execution in the electric chair  he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue to go on a never  ending murder spree . it  s not a highly original idea to revolve a horror film on  by the way . other low  budget turkeys implemented the exact same basic premise  like  house     shocker  and  ghost in the machine  . anyway   the first power   a . k . a  pentagram   isn  t a completely terrible effort  but the script overly reverts to clichs and lacks genuine thrills . the film starts off as an okay  albeit mundane serial killer flick in which obsessive cop  hero lou diamond philips pursues a maniac who carves bloody pentagrams into the chests of his victims . he receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium  played by the gorgeous and underrated tracy griffith . she leads him to the killer but also begs not to execute him  as that would result in an even bigger catastrophe  thanks to tess  helpful hints  detective logan quickly captures the killer and celebrates his death penalty  but patrick channing made a pact with satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of california to do some more killing .  the first power  gets pretty bad once the murderer reincarnates as a vengeful spirit . instead of using his newly gained satanic powers to wipe out the entire world  that  s what i would do in his position   channing simply prefers to play cat and mouse games with his nemesis the copper . he annoyingly calls him  buddy  boy  all the time and possesses the bodies of logan  s friends and colleagues in order to trick him . even though never really boring or poorly realized  it  s a very weak film to endure  mostly because you constantly get the feeling of dj  vu . writer  director robert resnikoff shamelessly uses every dreadful clich  the killer got sexually abused as a child  and even the players  lines can easily be predicted . as soon as griffith explains she  s able to predict the future  you just know that  somewhere at some point in the film  she  s going to say the ridiculously overused line  i tell people who to live their lives  but my own life is a mess  . yawn . lou diamond philips  performance is adequate enough  but it  s rather difficult to take that youthful rebel of  la bamba  and  stand and deliver  serious as a tough copper . there also are decent supportive roles for mykelti williamson   forrest gump    carmen argenziano   when a stranger calls   and b  movie horror legend david gale   re  animator   appears in a minuscule cameo at the very beginning of the film .  
bizarre take on the cinderella tale . terribly poor script  but kathleen turner turns in a pretty decent evil step  mother performance .  br    br   visually stunning in some parts  but that  s about it . the period costumes range from the elizabethan era to the     s . fast forward until you see something interesting and save yourself the full   minutes of drivel .  br    br   if you  re really in the mood for a cinderella story  i suggest  ever after a cinderella story  or  the glass slipper  .  
patrick channing  jeff kober  is a disciple of satan  serial killer who possesses the  first power   even after being captured by detective russell logan  lou diamond phillips  and executed in the gas chamber  he is able to move his spirit from body to body and continue to murder at will . with the help of attractive psychic tess seaton  tracy griffith  melanie g .  s half  sister  he attempts to stop channing .  br    br   this concept probably had some possibilities  i think  but ultimately  the first power  suffers from routine scripting and film  making . this is nothing we haven  t seen before  sometimes done better . there is nothing about this movie to distinguish it from other supernatural horror thrillers . more to the point  it  s not very thrilling and it certainly isn  t scary . phillips is a hard sell as a tough  as  nails  cynical cop stereotype  and griffith doesn  t seem to be trying very hard best cast member is probably the distinctively featured kober  doing his best to be supremely creepy .  br    br   the climax is rather silly and the ending very weak .  br    br   not really even acceptable enough to rate as an average film of its kind  therefore  br    br        
i jotted down a few notes here on the first power  lou lambada diamond phillips      satanic serial killer yuppie hell  fest . . .  br    br     lou diamond phillips was recently indicted for beating up his wife and may serve time in prison . i only hope that he can find armani prison wear to go off in style with one of the guilty pleasures of this movie is seeing his police detective clad in      designer overcoats  a      designer silk suit  and seeing his       month los angeles bachelor pad loft with interior design by mies van der roeh .  br    br     leading lady tracey phillips has gorgeous porcelain skin  flowing red hair that always seems styled even when mussed  and amazing breasts that are hi  lighted in the  nd half of the film by a designer silk pullover that sadly remains in place over her torso even when she was being prepared to be sacrificed to satan . at least back in the      s our demonic killers undressed their victims before doing away with them  though there is something to be said for leaving a bit to the imagination . by the final   minutes of the movie all i could think about is what her breasts probably would look like .  br    br     professional psychics living in los angeles can afford   million dollar condos on mullholland drive overlooking los angeles with a view that would make brad pitt decide that he was roughing it . as a matter of fact the condominium used in this film looks exactly like the same one seen in david lynch  s mullholland dr .  which at least had the good sense to make it  s condo resident a successful movie director . the only professional psychics i have encountered outside of this movie are all currently serving prison sentences for wire fraud .  br    br     i forget his name but the villain in this movie is wonderful  and his  how  s it going   buddy boy   line could be the best overlooked movie phrase since  thanks for the ride  lady    from creepshow  .  br    br     underneath major metropolitan cities there are huge vats of simmering acid that will explode into huge fireballs if someone throws a lit zippo lighter into them  which is why major public waterworks plants all have no smoking signs plastered all over them even though the idea of smoking around water being dangerous is of course preposterous . and since zippo lighters need to be manually filled with lighter fluid that can often leak out and be absorbed by ones clothing  the idea of a carrying one in the pocket of your      gucci silk suit strikes me as being much more dangerous .  br    br     the stunts in this movie are impressive to say the least  and one of the fun things about watching it is remaining yourself that you are not viewing computer aided special effects but actual stuntpeople risking life and limb to contribute to a movie that earned nearly universal bomb ratings from critics when released .  br    br     movie satanists always amaze me here is a guy who has tapped into some luciferian bid for power  and yet instead of using it to do something useful like making himself rich or causing fashion models to engage in free form sex with him  he instead possesses bag ladies and have them levitate outside of people  s apartments . speaking of which here is a guy who is indestructible  can fly  and is able to put his being inside of other people  s bodies   and yet he obliges star lou diamond phillips with an ordinary fistfight in the film  s conclusion  yet does not have the good sense to inhabit arnold schwartzeneggar or apollo creed to ensure that he wins .  br    br   and on and on . . . to be watched in the company of wise  cracking friends while consuming beer . you  ll have fun so long as you steadfastly refuse to take it seriously .  br    br        
detective russell logan  lou diamond phillips  has a major problem on his hands . the serial killer  patrick channing  jeff kober   for whom psychic extraordinaire tess  tracy griffith  helped him capture  has been resurrected with the first power  . . given to him by satan after his execution in the gas chamber  and can possess the bodies of the weak . somehow  russell  who joins forces with tess  . . who has an understanding of what they are up against   will have to stop channing or many women will continue to die at his bloody hands . they will seek help from sister marguerite  elizabeth arlen  who has tried to inform her superiors in the catholic church of the first power  but has been denied access to a weapon that can stop channing . . a cross with a blade that can penetrate the heart of channing ridding the world of his evil . she  ll take it anyway and lend a helping hand to russell  who  ll need all the help he can get when channing kidnaps tess preparing her for some sort of satanic ritual  ceremony .  br    br   in the film  mykelti williamson  always a reliable welcome supporting actor  gets the partner of russell role . . so you know what will happen to him . as in films of this type  everyone around russell is dying  but when he attempts to kill channing  he  s merely murdering the weak host of some other poor soul he possesses .  br    br   pure occult rubbish . . stupid from the gate to the finish line . phillips and griffith try  i  ll give them that  but in a flick like this they don  t stand a chance . kober  who is normally often always effective as the heavy  is really handed nothing more than a goofy villain who leaps in the air and tosses rotten quips .  
the only thing that the first power really has going for it is that it affords jeff kober an opportunity to play one of his lovely variety of psychotic villains that he  s done so well in the last   years . kober is a worthy successor to lyle bettger who specialized in those parts back in the fifties .  br    br   but it  s not enough  the first power is a souped up slasher flick that has lou diamond phillips wasted as an lapd detective who has a specialty in catching serial killers . kober is his latest catch  but kober  s in league with a lower power and they  re going to team up and make lou  s life miserable for him . even after kober is given the gas chamber  his spirit comes back in all kinds of guises .  br    br   mykelti williamson is on hand as lou  s partner who meets a nasty end involving a demon possessed horse and tracy griffith as a psychic and elizabeth arlen as a nun with insights are around to help lou . will he succeed in battling forces from beyond   br    br   by the time the film ends  you no longer care . lou really got trapped in a turkey . maybe the devil made him do this film .  
when childhood memory tells you this was a scary movie it  s touch and go whether you should revisit it . anyway  i remembered a scary scene involving a homeless person and a cool villain played by jeff kober .  br    br    the first power  is not a very good movie  sad to say . it  s chock full of those cop clichs and a very poor script with holes a truck could drive through  along with countless convenient  twists  that help the story run along  . lou diamond phillips is the over  confident bad ass cop who sends baddie serial killer kober to the gas chamber only to find out he was a minion of satan himself and now has the power of resurrection along with the power of possessing every weak minded person who he comes across . through in the mix a very poorly realized psychic who helps with the case .  br    br   ahhh  this is trash . but enjoyable as such  especially if you have fond memories of it . it scared me as a kid and that scene with the homeless person is still pretty good . as for any kind of logic here forget it  just about every scenario is thrown in for good measure and you end up with a cross between a steven segal action flick and a    s demonic flick . and who on earth thought it was a good idea to cast lou diamond phillips in the lead here  needless to say he  s not convincing at all but he tries his best and i  ve never had the problem with the guy so many reviewers here seem to have . as for tracy griffith as the psychic  the less said the better . but kober is pretty good as the killer always liked that actor .  br    br    the first power  may be just what the doctor ordered after a hard day  s work and a  brain switch  off  is needed . beer will most likely enhance the viewing experience and i  ll definitely have loads of it the next time i give this movie a spin . all in all not a good flick but a somewhat guilty pleasure for nostalgic fans who were easily scared as kids .  see you around  buddy boy    
an annoying experience . improvised dialogue  handheld cameras for no effect  directionless plot  contrived romance  ick  to the whole mess . ron silver was the only real actor . gretta sacchi was terrible  henry jaglom did better with eating which suited his style much more .  
  br    br   i recently viewed this atrocity in my film program  and i thought it was awful  as i said in my tagline  it was pretentious  trite  petty and phenomenally self  important .  br    br   i consider myself a fan of film  and all the things that film has to offer . if i want to watch a documentary on the cannes festival  i will watch ae . . . . and they would probably be alot more objective about it .  br    br   i dont recommend it  period .  br    br    
i don  t remember a movie where i have cared less about where the characters have come from  what happens to them or where they are going . i realize that hollywood  s greatest pastime is navel  gazing  but these people are either too despicable or too boring to take up time with . for what it  s worth  though  the discussion that followed the showing  under the auspices of the key sunday cinema series  did make allowance that possibly the three women did show some redeeming characteristics . i disagree .  
awful  awful  awful  no  i didn  t like it . it was obvious what the intent of the film was to track the wheeling and dealing of the  movers and shakers  who produce a film . in some cases  these are people who represent themselves as other than what they are . i didn  t need a film to tell me how shallow some of the people in the film industry are . i suppose i  m at fault really because i expected something like  roman holiday  .  br    br   i  m not a movie  maker nor do i take film classes but it appeared to me that the film consisted of a series of  two  shots   in the main  where the actors    had been supplied with a loose plot  line and they were to improvise the dialogue . henry jaglon makes the claim that he along with victoria foyt actually wrote the screenplay but the impression was that the actors  cognisant of the general direction of the film  extemporised the dialogue  and it was not always successful . such a case in point was when ron silver made some remark which really didn  t flow along the line of the conversation  and i  m not going back to look for it   and greta scacchi broke into laughter even though they were supposed to be having a serious conversation  because silver  s remark was such a non sequitur . you get the impression too that one actor deliberately tries to  wrong foot  the other actor and break his  her concentration . another instance of this is when a producer tells silver to  bring the  documents    times  . silver looked literally lost for words . i have seen one other film which looked like a series of drama workshops on improvisation and that was awful too   br    br   the fact that jaglon was able to attract greta scacchi  no stranger to australia   ron silver  anouk ami  and maximilian schell suggests it was a  slow news week  for them . peter bogdanovich had a  what  the  hell  am  i  doing  here  look on his face at all times and i expected to hear him say  look  i  m a director and screenwriter  not an actor   which would have been unnecessary to state  faye dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son  liam . apart from the jerky delivery of the dialogue  the hand  held camera became irritating even if it was for verisimilitude  as i suspect the  natural  dialogue was  and the interest in the principals became subsumed to the interest in the various youths walking along the strand trying to insinuate themselves into shot . that at least approached cinema verite . so that  along with the irritating french singing during which i used the mute button  made for a generally disappointing    odd minutes .  br    br   i think we should avoid apotheosising films such as this . trying to see value in the film where it has little credit in order to substantiate a perceived transcendental level to it is misguided . there was really nothing avant  garde about it . it didn  t come across as a work of art and yet it wasn  t a documentary either . i know  it was a mocumentary but the real test is whether it is entertaining . i was bored out of my skull  it did have one redeeming feature it pronounced  cannes  correctly so i gave it     .  
movie industry is tricky business  because decisions have to be made and everyone involved has a private life  too . that  s the very original thesis of this feeble attempt at making an  insightful  film about film . and indeed  no better proof of the industry  s trickiness than seeing anouk aime and maximilian schell trapped in this inanity . the insight consists of talking heads rattle off bullshit like  should i make a studio movie that pays a lot or should i make an indie item and stay true to my artistic self    do the latter  please .  or  our relationship is not only professional  it  s private as well . it  s a rather complex situation to handle  isn  t it    yes  it is  my dear .  between the insipid dialogs one gets glimpses of palm trees  hotel lobbies and american movie posters  no sign of non  american film presence on the croisette  . recurrent slumber sessions are inevitable  making the    minutes of the film feel like ages . jenny gabrielle is spectacularly unconvincing in justifying her own presence in the frame .  
rural family drama   with perhaps a nod to  ordinary people    concerns a young boy who withdraws into himself after fatally wounding his older brother in a shooting mishap . despite downbeat subject matter  given mercilessly glum treatment by director christopher cain   there are some dynamics in this sad story worth exploring . unfortunately  the isolated farming atmosphere and the reluctance of the adult characters to take charge of the situation render the film a stultifying experience . what with robert duvall  glenn close  and wilford brimley in the cast  the movie is nearly a small  scaled reunion of  the natural  . too bad this project didn  t get the necessary talent behind the camera to really eke out a gripping  memorable picture .     from   
after being a big fan of the ten minute t . v episodes of  stella street   i awaited this film with excitement and anticipation . unfortunately i was left feeling very disappointed .  br    br   i was dismayed by the way that nearly all of the gags and one liners were directly lifted from the t . v episodes  and delivered with much less enthusiasm and comic timing  as if the actors had said them once  and couldn  t be bothered to say them again . i bought my copy on dvd and felt cheated that i had parted with my hard earned cash to watch the same jokes over again .  br    br   spoilers the plot of the film starts with stella street  a normal english street in surrey   gradually being populated by  some of the most famous people from stage and screen of the last forty years   including michael caine  al pacino  jack nicholson and the rolling stones . all the celebrities in the street end up being conned out of their entire fortunes by a local fraudster  and are forced to live like tramps and common working class people . there are some nice moments  but on the whole  the writers manage to take an interesting idea and make it pretty boring . end of spoilers  br    br   in the t . v episodes  all the characters are performed by john sessions and phil cornwell  including females   but in the film ronni ancona is added to the cast . i think this was a mistake . her impersonations weren  t funny  and it felt like her characters were included in the story just to give her something to do .  br    br   if you were not a fan of the episodes of stella street  you may find this film entertaining . but if you were a fan  i think you may walk away feeling a little bit cheated .      
apparently  the mutilation man is about a guy who wanders the land performing shows of self  mutilation as a way of coping with his abusive childhood . i use the word  apparently  because without listening to a director andy copp  s commentary  which i didn  t have available to me  or reading up on the film prior to watching  viewers won  t have a clue what it is about .  br    br   gorehounds and fans of extreme movies may be lured into watching the mutilation man with the promise of some harsh scenes of splatter and unsettling real  life footage  but unless they  re also fond of pretentious  headache  inducing  experimental art  house cinema  they  ll find this one a real chore to sit through .  br    br     minutes of ugly imagery accompanied by dis  chordant sound  terrible music and incomprehensible dialogue  this mind  numbingly awful drivel is the perfect way to test one  s sanity if you  ve still got all your marbles  you  ll switch this rubbish off and watch something decent instead  i watched the whole thing  but am well aware that i  m completely barking   .  
this piece of filth is virtually impossible to follow . the sound is crap the picture quality goes from bad to worse to good to bad again  things happen for no apparent reason characters appear and disappear . was the director suffering from a massive brain injury during its production   br    br   poor film making aside  the story is vile just sick evil sht if you like rape  murder and self harm this is right up your alley . and if simulated scenes of murder are not enough you can enjoy clips of actual people being executed . i watched almost all of it but had to turn off after i seen someones brains blown out . never before have i seen a film that left me feeling so ashamed and dirty .  
i bought this movie for  euro  not knowing what it was all about . i thought  hmmm  a movie named mutilation man must be if not very funny at least filled with gore  . it wasn  t funny alright . it was disturbing . very disturbing . and i don  t mind disturbing movies but this one just didn  t mean anything  except that child abuse is not a good thing to do . hmmm . . . the quality of the images were terrible . the acting . . . there was no acting . just some fcked  up fcker mutilating himself for over   minutes . this is probably material for sicko  s jurking off on extreme gore .  br    br   don  t watch this . it  s not worth your time . its just awful . i wish i never bought this .  br    br   they should mutilate the guy who made this  
an avent  garde nightmarish  extremely low  budget  film  that has delusions of grandeur . hard to sit through . i get the message that child abuse is wrong . wow big revelation . i had no clue it was wrong before viewing this . yes that  s sarcasm . don  t watch this  film  if you  re offended by nudity of either the male or female gender . don  t watch it if you  re the least bit squeamish . don  t watch it if you care about acting . on second thought just don  t watch it period .  br    br   my grade d   br    br   dvd extrasmaking the movie  the premiere  interview with kristie bowersock  deleted scenes  movie stills  director  s commentary   versions of the teaser trailer  music video by the azoic   a classroom video experiment  
first of all i love good splattermovies and am not afraid to get in touch with art  but this zero  budget  flick is none of it  the picture  quality is so damned low  the soundtrack the most annoying one i ever       heard  and as for the fx . . . well the super  low quality makes some of them look not as bad as they would in a real movie  what this junk here isn  t  . no concept  a wafer  thin storyline  primitive acting and rare dialog  i think i counted about   sentences in the whole movie  each one repeated about   times . . . same for a lot of film  sequences  may be an indication for which kind of audience this crap was made     the story seems to be that a young boy had to watch his father rape and kill his mother  got psychological damaged and as an adult goes touring  performing a show of self  mutilation . so far  so good . . . but for these pseudo  art  idiot  directors  this plot is just a line to put cheap produced shock scenes in a row which neither have a message nor make any sense  freshly taken  out bowels are thrown on a naked  bound woman in an earth  hole . . . why   and why is that the only time you see both woman and thrower in the whole bloody  movie      disturbing  yes   sick  yes   necessary  no  artistically  no      everyone mistaking this cheap gore  show for art should as soon as possible visit his psychiatrist or should watch pink floyd  s  the wall  to see how a similar topic can be worked out in an artful way . . . i hope this was your first and last           movie  andrew cobb . . .     and all you gore  heads out there  remember not everything that looks cheap and makes obviously no sense at all is automatically  art  . . .  
this is a good example of how not to make a film .  br    br   there is very little meaningful dialog  no context for the events  and constant cuts between seemingly unrelated scenes . the result is a confused  clueless viewer the plot is absolutely impossible to follow and the ideas presented are meaningless without listening to the director  s commentary .  br    br   this movie has a lot to do with human atrocity and tries to show how wrong it is  with an emphasis on child abuse . it includes some stock footage of real  horrible acts of violence  including war time executions . although it works in the context of the movie  i feel that the ideas behind the movie could have been presented without resorting to such extreme content . this film is absolutely not for the weak stomached or the easily offended  and should not under any circumstances be shown to minors .  br    br   the climax is anti  climactic compared to the content of the rest of the movie . if you  re not listening to the commentary while it happens you will probably miss it .  br    br   the director  s commentary was a one  shot   sit the guy down and let him talk  no cuts  type of commentary . while this isn  t necessarily bad  the director ends up rambling a lot and often spends minutes at a time complaining about his college  filming conditions  co producers  bad film  and a dozen other things . the constant negativity detracts from what otherwise is an essential tool for understanding the movie .  br    br   the movie was shot many years ago on   mm and super  film over a period of four years on an extremely low budget . because of this  the video and audio quality is poor . that alone does not make it a bad movie  but it does make a bad movie worse .  
it  s a hideous little production  apt to give one nightmares as well as headaches . it  s an unsightly blend of live action and ugly stop  motion animation . it  s weird  but it  s not the kind of fun  weird trip anyone optimistic might expect . it  s the cold  inhuman  unfriendly  sickening  even creepy kind of weird . there is absolutely no reason to watch this movie . after all  disney did a fantastic job with the same source material . and cosgrove  hall did far more attractive things with stop  motion .  br    br   interestingly  this is a french production . as such  it re  enforces the stereotype that the french have no concept of scary .  
i don  t know why this has the fans it does and i don  t know why i have even given it the score i have . this is preposterous . there are many a giallo where one has to suspend disbelief  let the picture roll and catch up with it somewhere before it becomes delirious and some poor police officer has to eventually explain what we have seen . but  this has very little going for it and has overlong sequences where nothing happens and have no relevance to anything while we have to listen to a most repetitive soundtrack  even by italian standards . not a giallo  this is a complete mish mash of horror ideas featuring klaus kinski in one his most blatant  phoned in  performances . i reckon he turned up  did a day  s work and cleared off leaving mr d  amato to get others to fill in . ewa is of course pretty but no it is not enough  and in the end we have seen far too much of her popping up all over the place  long after we have completely lost interest in this mindless and pretentious twaddle . maybe i just wasn  t in the right mood   
  i don  t understand . none of this makes any sense    exclaims one exasperated character towards the end of death smiles at murder . having just sat through this thoroughly confusing mess of a movie  i know exactly how he feels . the story  by the film  s director aristide massacessi  good old joe d  amato using his real name for a change   is a clumsy mix of the supernatural  murder  mystery  and pretentious arty rubbish  the likes of which will probably appeal to those who admire trippy   s garbage such as jess franco  s more bizarre efforts  but which had me struggling to remain conscious .  br    br   opening with a hunchback mourning the death of his beautiful sister  with whom he had been having an incestuous affair  before eventually losing her to a dashing doctor   death smiles at murder soon becomes very confusing when the very same woman  played by ewa aulin  who stars in the equally strange  death laid an egg   is seen alive and kicking  the sole survivor of a coach accident that occurs outside the estate of walter and eva von ravensbrck . after being invited to stay and recuperate in their home  where she is tended to by creepy dr . sturges  klaus kinski in a throwaway role   the comely lass begins love affairs with both mr . and mrs . ravensbrck  meaning that viewers are treated to some brief but welcome scenes of nookie and lesbian lovin   .  br    br    so far  so good   i thought to myself at this point   we  ve had hunchbacks  incest  some blood and guts  and gratuitous female nudity  all ingredients of a great trashy euro  horror what follows  however  is a lame attempt by massacessi to combine giallo style killings  ghostly goings on  and even elements from edgar allan poe  s  the black cat   to tell a very silly  utterly bewildering  and ultimately extremely boring tale of revenge from beyond the grave .  br    br   this film seems to have quite few admirers here on imdb  but given the choice  i would much rather watch one of the director  s sleazier movies from later in his career i guess incomprehensible  meandering  surreal   s gothic horror just ain  t my thing   .  out of    purely for the cheesy gore and nekkidness   rounded up to  for imdb .  
spoiler warning  br    br   first of all i rated this movie  out of   .  br    br   the idea is good  but there are too many stupid errors in the movie  failing to make it the psyching drama that it might have been . first of all she never fights alone . after an initial very strange doubt from her mother  which is not believable when the mother proves to be so supportive and loving later in the movie  the rape victim is not alone .  br    br   she is also unbelievably naive always falling into the crew  s strange traps .  br    br   her friends are unbelievably nasty .  br    br   the thing that i find most unbelievably is that ethan fails to control the crew when he changes his opinon . ethan is very much the leader of the crew  hey  they even say so  and people seem to think the other guy is a jerk  but when ethan changes his opinion he just doesn  t manage to convince even one single person in the crew that he is right and that his former friend is wrong . everyone just simply hates him . . . why   the movie provides no explanation . how did he ever become the leader   br    br   a funny note is that my girlfriend thought i was watching beverly hills when she came in . two actors from the same successful tv  series . . . . a cheap way to get viewers   
a lot of other reviewers here  including many whose opinions i respect  hold this slice of european sleaze horror in high regard . personally  i didn  t like it at all . its an incoherent attempt at a atmospheric period cross between sex and violence . jess franco at his best makes these kinds of films very well . unfortunately  the infamous exploitation filmmaker joe d  amato does not . d  amato  s most well known films are infamous for their high gross  out quotient . this  an early film by him  doesn  t have the constant disgusting scenes that his more notorious  anthropophagous  and  beyond the darkness  did . ultimately  its an incoherent film that doesn  t manage to involve the viewer in any way . without the sleaze factor either  it becomes very boring . as i said  others have enjoyed this film  but i just found it to be a perfect example of incredibly lazy writing .  br    br   there are a few pluses for the film . ewa aulin  from  candy   is in it  and she looks pretty hot and is often naked . however  cult film icon klaus kinski is completely wasted in a subplot with no connection to the main film . he seems bored with the role and doesn  t have the manic intensity he does at his finest . the music score is nice and there are some brief moments of unintentionally funny gore . still  this is a pretentious and pointless film that manages to be incredibly boring .        
i saw this movie in its own time period  when having a baby out of wedlock not only ruined your life  but stamped your child as a bastard . in these days of  single mothers  that may seem very far  fetched  but it was very true . and i  m not crazy about laughing at someone who is stammering  either . between these two problems i had difficulty finding this movie funny . at that time i didn  t know who had directed it or what a marvelous reputation he had . i did know who betty hutton was  and she just made me nervous because she was so frenetic . i loved  bringing up baby   but i find this movie just embarrassing . i  m sure the punch at some church functions probably was spiked  but i was the one needing a drink after watching this again . the idea the girl would have to be drunk in order to  get married  and get pregnant just added to the misery . an entire town could turn on you under these circumstances  so the outcome of this movie is really the funny part . of course  shoot me  i don  t like  it  s a wonderful life  either .  
this very low budget comedy caper movie succeeds only in being low budget . dialog is dumbfoundingly stupid  chase scenes are uniformly boring  and most of the on  screen money seems to have been saved for a series of crashes and explosions in a parking lot during the film  s last five minutes  a briefly glimpsed port  a  potty early in that scene is certain to wrecked and spew crap on the film  s chief villain   no prop is here without a purpose  . the whole film is depressingly reminiscent of those that occasionally came out of rodger corman  s studio when he  d give a first time director a few bucks and a camera   but without the discipline corman would impose .  
time spent watching this film was time wasted . i do not dislike science fiction . i do not reject any genre per se  since good work can be done in any genre . this film  however is not good work . i cannot fault the visuals  when not involving alien makeups   and the special effects are impressive . the story was not out  and  out bad  for a trekkish comic book . but the fx visuals were obviously where all the makers  interest  attention  money went . the direction alternated between sluggish and confusing  one was not at all sure exactly who was doing what and with what and to whom at at least one crucial juncture  . the  acting  was mostly very bad indeed . there was no basis to most of the line readings besides a hint of  it was that way on the page and the director told me i was supposed to be mad  sad  scared  whatever . okay  so it was a sf series pilot . since when is that an excuse for correctable shoddiness in areas when should be regarded as essential to a dramatic medium . i  m astonished the pilot sold the series . or is the money also in the hands of technerds   
the real shame of  the gathering  is not in the bad acting  nor is it in the despicably shallow plot . the real shame is that it was far worse than the series it begun  even though it did have one main attraction takashima . i would love to see laurel takashima in a room with susan ivanova  even for just five minutes . she has that sarcasm  that wit  that double  edged personality that is at once volatile and lovable . sadly  though  the  babylon   pilot movie has an incredibly dull story involving assassination . patricia tallman   who never seriously returned to the series until much later   fortunately got much better with age as lyta alexander  who here is little more than a whiny  tiresome telepath . i shall leave you with one final thought   why is it that delenn looks like some sort of outer  space frog man  even though she is a woman   thank heavens for the way the minbari looked later in the show .  
you can give jms and the boys a pass on this one because they were at the beginning of their series and on a small budget  but the movie is still sub  par . dont get me wrong  b  the series is by far the best tv series ever  but if i was an exec seeing this movie  i wouldnt have ordered the series . i dont like o  hare as an actor  the costumes are silly  and there are tons of cliches . the same can be said for most of the first season  with the exception of babylon squared and survivors   bruce immediately put a fire into the series and it went on to be an amazing spectacle . if you are a b  fan and havent seen this movie  see it . if you arent a b  fan  dont . . . you wont want to watch the series .  
while i count myself as a fan of the babylon  television series  the original movie that introduced the series was a weak start . although many of the elements that would later mature and become much more compelling in the series are there  the pace of the gathering is slow  the makeup somewhat inadequate  and the plot confusing . worse  the characterization in the premiere episode is poor . although the ratings chart shows that many fans are willing to overlook these problems  i remember the gathering almost turned me off off what soon grew into a spectacular series .  
i thought this movie seemed like a case study in how not to make a movie for the most part . since i am a filmmaker  i give it a  for consistency .  br    br   the problems remain from beginning to end with the plot being extremely predictable using bits and pieces of most  if not all  previous successful war stories . the computer generated graphics were too much like viewing a video game at points and there seemed to be no attempt by the director to add some realistic quality to the story . i was interested in the budget to get an idea of what he had to work with  but did not find that information .  br    br   it seemed like this project pushed the limits of a low budget movie too far resulting in a production that drags the viewer along with the story without their imagination being engaged . the actors weren  t bad  but the plot needs more innovation .  
wow . i have seen some really bad movies in my time  but this one truly takes the cake . it  s the worst movie i  ve seen in the past decade  no exaggeration .  br    br   as a us army veteran of the war in afghanistan  i found it nearly impossible to even finish watching this ridiculous film  not because it brought back memories  far from it  but because there was absolutely no attempt at  authenticity  to be found anywhere in the film . not so much as the tiniest little shred . it seemed like it had been written by an  year  old child who got all his notions of war  and soldierly behavior  straight out of comic books . the film was made in honduras  which should have been a clue  but even that can  t fully explain the atrocious production values of this clich  ridden piece of trash .  br    br   i could try to list all the endless technical flaws  but it would take virtually forever . from the ancient unit shoulder patches which have not been seen or worn since wwii  and the character  s name tags  like  colcollins   worn by the character  colonel collins    which was actually spelled using the reversed  mirror  image  n  of the russian alphabet  not the us alphabet  the list just goes on and on . the uniforms  the equipment  the plot  and most especially the behavior of the characters themselves   every single scene was just chock  full of ridiculous flaws  inaccuracies and utterly mindless clichs .  br    br   neither the storyline itself nor the characters were the least bit credible or believable . it was all laughably childish  in the extreme . this was obviously a movie that was meant to appeal strictly to pre  pubescent boys  and i have little doubt that even they would find this film utterly absurd .  br    br   in short  this film has absolutely no redeeming qualities at all . it  s a total waste of time . i  d strongly advise anybody reading this to pass this garbage by it  s truly not worth wasting a single moment of your time for .  
i tried to watch this movie in a military camp during an overseas mission  and let me tell you  you  ll watch anything under those circumstances . not this piece of sht though .  br    br   the first five minutes set the tone by weak porn  movie quality acting  weird out  of  the  blue plot twists and unbelievable situations and behavior . it gets worse after that . this movie does not have one single saving grace  and yet it is not bad in a way that would make it funny to watch . it  s just horrible . i  ve seen quite many movies in my life and i  m not one of those snobby know  all critics  i mean i  ll enjoy most movies to some extent even if they  re bad . this one . . . man .  br    br   steer  well  clear of this one  my friend .  
diana guzman is an angry young woman . surviving an unrelenting series of disappointments and traumas  she takes her anger out on the closest targets .  br    br   when she sees violence transformed and focused by discipline in a rundown boxing club  she knows she  s found her home .  br    br   the film progresses from there  as diana learns the usual coming  of  age lessons alongside the skills needed for successful boxing . michelle rodriguez is very good in the role  particularly when conveying the focused rage of a young woman hemmed in on all sides and fighting against not just personal circumstances but entrenched sexism .  br    br   the picture could use some finesse in its direction of all the young actors  who pale in comparison to the older  more experienced cast . there are too many pauses in the script  which detracts from the dramatic tension . the overall quietness of the film drains it of intensity .  br    br   this is a good picture to see once  if only to see the power of a fully realized young woman whose femininity is complex enough to include her power . its limitations prevent it from being placed in the  see it again and again  category .  
dont let the mpaa fool you with their  rated r for extreme violence  there is definatly no extreme violence in this boring peice of st . i expected some cheap rambo  type action that the trailer promised  however its just boring boring nonsense with tons of lame slow mo flashbacks that make no sense . avoid   
my wife is a fanatic as regards this show . that being the case i bought her seasons one through three and season four is on order . i personally think the show is one big farce the cast is equally bad . alyssa milano should have stuck to the other trash movies she made such as poison ivy  embrace of the vampire to name a few  the other female supporting cast members are equally inept in their portrayals . i  ve seen better special effects in the old republic pictures serials i saw as a child . i can understand why the male leads remained on the show for such short periods of time even though i don  t know if it was their own choosing or not . please . please don  t renew for another season as enough is enough  bob  
slight spoilers  br    br   a hunchback    year  old boy kisses a very cute    year  old girl and eventually he has sex for the first time . after the act  he lays in the bed with her not touching her . the next day he concludes that he does not like sex much and does not want to try it again for at least a few years .  br    br   this is seemingly a fine opening for a teleplay about a boy discovering his homosexuality  or perhaps a medical drama about a post  pubescent teen with a severe hormone deficiency .  br    br   however  as the plot develops what emerges is a story of a    year  old father who is supported and encouraged by his overbearing mother .  br    br   at one point  his mother preaches to her co  workers who are not as understanding as they might be   every step of the way in this  my son has been amazing . . . i have never been more proud of him . . .   br    br   the young father  s older sister  who otherwise is cold towards her brother  begins to show pride in her sibling   you have been cool about this   as she gives him an encouraging warm hug .  br    br   the    year  old father wants to be a father . he wants to be a parent .  br    br   why not  we see the  new  baby a few minutes after birth   it appears to be a healthy  happy   month  old infant . just as babies were born on tv in the      s and      s .  br    br   once the young father is a parent  he has found happiness . he insists he will be the one to change the dirty diaper . we see the    year  old father sincerely happy holding his baby while the teen  s busybody mother is peaking over his shoulder . fade to black .  
i had been subjected to this movie for a relationship class in my school . as figured it was nothing captivating and nothing new . though it tries to be original by focusing on the teen father instead of the mother showing the problems that the dad would go through . it had an interesting side to it but it just doesn  t live up to its originality due to the fact nothing else in this movie was original . we have the main character who has the older sister who like in every other movie like this has a thing against him  we have the stay at home mother who expects too much and when he gives more she feels offended and leaves him in the dust  then we have the father who is always gone . then the girls side we have the parents who want everything and expect her to be perfect at all she does . on to the story like i said it was interesting but the lack of good acting from the entire cast and the lack of any good writing or storytelling . everything about this fell into clich the little nerd kid in school starts studying with girl  they get together  have sex and then boom we have a little kid . perhaps it could  ve been better had the writing been well better and had the acting been improved i  ve seriously gotten more emotion out of leatherface and his chainsaw than i did out of any actor in this film and that  s pretty bad seeing as the leatherface movies are crap and horridly acted . so far the only interesting teen pregnancy movie i  ve seen was juno . so far the comical side of this serious situation has proved more entertaining while still giving the same message . like i said the idea was original most of these films focus on the teen mother but this one chose not to instead it focuses on the drama of the father but again the originality does not save this movie from mediocrity . i really hope someone decides to either re  make this movie with a better cast and a better writer or just make another similar film because this one was wasted potential .  
with the exception of family  this new season is worse than season one . i can  t imagine what they are thinking . as a fan of horror  can tolerate a lot of gore and mindless mayhem  but this series gets worse with each outing . i can  t imagine how disheartening it must be for the actors and crew to go to work each day  toiling to churn out such crap . story  is that too much to ask for  character  how can we give damn about the fate of anyone in these stories  if we are not engaged  who cares if they get carved up or whatever  almost every episode ends with mindless blood letting  going for gross out shock without any sense of revelation or conclusion or reason why we have been subjected to an hour of bloodletting . even dante  s effort this season had some disturbing sexist violence and wandered off to a pointless conclusion . ironically  the production values and performances tend to be up to speed  while the content is utter crap . i have great hopes for exec producer  s garris  s valarie under the stairs  but we shall see .  
honestly  the concept behind  masters of horror  had something going for it . big  time horror directors that are now left aside by the industry being given a chance to direct horror again  i was all for it from the start . that is  until i watched some episodes . . . oh boy  it  s really bad tv . not only does it seem like the directors are being given very little budgets to direct their skits  but there seems to be guidelines as well  like shooting in hd for example . to make a long story short  it  s bad both for artistic and reasons financial reasons . i cannot help but compare to the  tales from the crypt   and the m . o . h . episodes really don  t stand the comparison . tftc was good  moh is bad according to me here are a few keys to explain it tftc was shorter  around   minutes for each episode  than moh    minutes per episode   i believe it allowed denser screenplays  with good ideas reoccurring more often  better overview of an episode  less chances to let the plot be confusing or boring . duration might have been also the reason why the budget was better spent on tftc directors got to have real film music composers  composers on moh are if inexistent  very bad   real actors  whereas on moh it  s nothing but unknown actor after unknown actor    real directors of photography and  it can help sometimes  real film cameras  while moh is shot on hd cameras with very wrongly chosen lens  pieces   the result of which being that the episodes of tftc looked and felt  cinematographic  in the sense that there was real actors being casted  ranging from michael j . fox to tim roth to kyle mclachlan to kirk douglas  but there were also film composers behind it  of the range of alan silvestri  great directors of photography like dean cundey  high  end screenplay writers  and in that sense each  tale  was a little movie of its own true kind . compared to tftc  the  masters of horrors  is quite a lame approach to tv horror . it  s very hard to stand looking at it if your standards regarding cinematography are just a little above average  because it looks the same as any ugly tv serial  if not worse . it gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast  within the first   minutes usually . the actors are never  heard before wannabes  except for fairuza balk  robert englund  angela bettis and a few  but even there  they are the only famous actors of their episodes  . the director base for moh was good in the beginning  but it  s getting worst and worst with every episode now if even the directors are unknown to the world  what remains  nothing  and it  s funny how they are starting to have complete unknown directors while they haven  t even had  say  stan winston  dick maas  william lustig  sam raimi  eric red  robert harmon  william friedkin  jim muro  stuart gordon  russell mulcahy . . . if even  masters of horror  cannot bring dead directors back to life  who will  maybe a rerun of tales from the crypt will .  
i was very excited when this series premiered in     . the premise was very simple and appealing each episode would be a one  hour mini movie directed by a famous  noteworthy horror director . then  when i finally watched them it was a bit of a letdown . some good episodes emerged from that first season  but all in all it was a mixed bag . i attributed it to the learning curve  and figured that season  would be a whole lot better .  br    br   boy  was i in for a shock . at least season one had a few good stories here and there . season   with the exception of  the black cat  starring the excellent jeffrey combs  was a complete and total loss to me . the episode  sounds like  may very well be the worst thing i have watched on tv in the last   years  and most of the other episodes aren  t much better . i really hope that season  turns this around next year  but i  m not holding my breath .  
some of the filmmakers who are participating in this series have made some really great films but they sure as heck are not showing much skill with this series . particularly the writing . ok  the first season was somewhat better but these new episodes they are creating just stink . i  m a huge fan of horror and in my opinion the vast majority of these episodes are total garbage . nothing new or genuinely interesting . few of them are visually creative . it  s just typical fabricated hollywood crap  uninteresting  childish  poorly conceived and in some cases  flat out laughable . much like tales from the crypt the only good thing this series has been offering is great nudity  other then that this series blows hard . i get the impression sometimes that they hired a bunch of eighth  graders to write the episodes . maybe they did .  
horror fans  i  m speaking to the over    s  although if you  re under   i apologise for what you might deem an insult   in short  if you appreciate having your imagination disturbed by well written  original storytelling  punctuated by unpredictable well planted scares  and delivered via convincing performances  then i can heartily recommend  avoiding these steamers  made by directors who have apparently long since past their sell by date . it  s no accident that almost every episode feels as if it were made in the      s . not to put blame squarely on the shoulders of some of these old boys  or indeed the    s  because where would we be without certain movies from the likes of argento  carpenter  landis  dante and barker  actually clive  wtf are you doing in there   glad to see romero had the good sense to give it a miss as i  m sure he was asked to partake . . .  . more perhaps we should point the finger at creator mick garris whose credentials include the logic defying and depressingly ill  advised tv remake of stanley kubrick  s masterpiece  the shining  .  br    br   perhaps it is an indication of the state of television today . are we so starved of good tv horror that we applaud any old sloppy schlock that the networks excrete onto our sets  sadly  maybe so .  br    br   normally i wouldn  t see the point of adding a comment that doesn  t argue the faults and merits of a production  i  d just rate it accordingly . however  as this series is woefully lacking in any merit  with perhaps the sole exception of the theme tune  i write this as more of a warning than a review don  t waste your time and money . if you disagree with me then it  s more than likely that you haven  t seen enough decent horror . perhaps the earlier films of some of these directors would be a much better place to start  but if these  masters  of horror were being assessed on these works alone  they  d never have been allowed to graduate with even their bachelor  s degree . unless of course they were studying for a degree from the university of st .  
according to imdb takashi miike  s master of horror  segment  imprint  was banned in the us . so i figured i  d translate the swedish review i just wrote for it . . .  br    br   it was hard to not have any sort of expectations from ichi the killer  director takashi miike  s episode in the masters of horror series . and the dvd  cover of imprint did in deed look very promising .  br    br   the story mostly takes place in a remote japanese bordello  some time during the   th century  and it tells the tale of a journalist searching for komomo  the woman he left behind and whom he promised to return for . tired and dejected he arrives at the bordello  hoping that this will be the end of his very long journey . it turns out that one of the prostitutes  a deformed and quiet girl  know about komomo  and the desperate man makes her tell him where she is and what has happened to her since he left . the story she tells him is as deplorable as it is hard to swallow . . .  br    br   the first thing that hit me about the episode was how unnatural it seemed that the japanese cast for the most part spoke fluent american  english . but i will leave it at that  it  s not that big a deal . what is a big deal however is how miserable the rest of it was . miike  s tale moves at such a slow pace that i couldn  t help looking at my watch several times during the   minutes . the extended torure  scene  that takes place somewhere in the middle of the movie  felt so unmotivated  and pornographically intrusive  that not even that scene became interesting . i felt like it was violent just for the sake of violence itself  with no sense of style or purpose . the only scenes that provoked any kind of emotion out of me were the images of bloody fetuses rolling along the bottom of the swiftly flowing water . . . and  in all honesty  the only emotions they provoked were feelings of disgust .  br    br   the journalist seeking the love he left behind is played by billy drago  for me most memorable as frank nitti  al capones whiteclad assassin in brian de palmas the untouchables       . i  ve always found dragos portrayal of nitti to be very icy  and i mean that in a good way   and that is probably why i was almost annoyed when i found him to be so terrible  not in a good way  in this one . his acting seems to flow between no feelings or empathy whatsoever to displays of some really bad overacting . when his character is supposed to react to the awful things komomo has been subjected to i was sitting in the sofa  twisting and turning in an attempt to escape the horrible actingjob put forth by drago . i  m grateful that most of the story is told by yuoki kudoh  memoirs of a geisha        who plays the deformed prostitute .  br    br   the finale is probably supposed to be chocking  maybe even revolting and horrid  but i just found it to be kind of . . . you know . . .  blah   and i looked at my watch again  for the umptieth time  just wishing the crappy episode would end  . maybe the finale caused me to smile just a bit  but that  s only because i couldn  t help thinking of an episode of red dwarf  and the upside  down chins of craig charles and danny john  jules  with eyes glued on them to make them look like aliens . . . lucky you  if you  ve seen that episode and now decide to see imprint  i will forever have ruined the visuals of the ending for you .  br    br   my first thought  when imprint finally ended  was that the only thing that made the pain of watching it worth it  was hearing the main title theme by edward shearmur  the same music i believe is used in every episode of this series   and that  if anything  is a big friggin warning  don  t you think   br    br   one might point to the costume design  by michiko kitamura  and say that there  at least  is something not lacking in style and refinement . . . but there are so many other films and tv  shows that is so much better at showing off the japanese  geisha  fashion  . this is nothing but inferior and i am disappointed . takashi miike  s masters of horror  episode is boring  uninspiring and pointless . in other words it  s really  really bad   
i  m sorry  i had high hopes for this movie . unfortunately  it was too long  too thin and too weak to hold my attention . when i realized the whole movie was indeed only about an older guy reliving his dream  i felt cheated . surely it could have been a device to bring us into something deeper  something more meaningful .  br    br   so  don  t buy a large drink or you  ll be running to the rest room . my kids didn  t enjoy it either . ah well .  
i saw this last week after picking up the dvd cheap . i had wanted to see it for ages  finding the plot outline very intriguing . so my disappointment was great  to say the least . i thought the lead actor was very flat . this kind of part required a performance like johny depp  s in the ninth gate  of which this is almost a complete rip  off   but i guess tv budgets don  t always stretch to this kind of acting ability .  br    br   i also the thought the direction was confused and dull  serving only to remind me that carpenter hasn  t done a decent movie since in the mouth of madness . as for the story  well  i was disappointed there as well  there was no way it could meet my expectation i guess  but i thought the payoff and explanation was poor  and the way he finally got the film anti  climactic to say the least .  br    br   this was written by one of the main contributors to aicn  and you can tell he does love his cinema  but i would have liked a better result from such a good initial premise .  br    br   i took the dvd back to the store the same day   
there was not one original idea in this story . themes were pulled from various sources a few being the ninth gate  in the mouth of madness  another carpenter film   and the ring . it even went as far as featuring the same damn glowing circle from the ring and using it as the film  s namesake . the soundtrack by cody carpenter was all but lifted from suspiria . hopefully no one will oppose this comment by spewing the word homage around . yes  i saw that the theater was playing argento  s deep red . claiming an homage would be a bullshit cop  out . this was bottom  of  the  barrel . throwing gore and  disturbing  imagery into the pot does not make a good horror film . carpenter used to know that . he should fade into obscurity or acquire a time machine .  
at first i was convinced that this was a made  for  tv movie that wasn  t worthy of primetime . but after a few minutes of dumb  struck awe  i realized that there was at least comic value in the over  the  top stunts and c  movie acting . this movie would have gotten a  if my wife and i hadn  t laughed so hard as we watched it in wonder that the actors could keep a straight face . it was like a less  funny spy version of the big hit  i laughed so much i actually bought the big hit dvd  with even  worse acting . we were disappointed that nick chose to marry elena  and not jim  after all of the hugging and high  fives . a few rum and cokes will definitely help it go down easier .  
i  m sorry to say this  but the acting in this film is horrible . the dialogue sounds as if they are reading their lines for the first time ever . perhaps i got the  dress rehearsal  version by mistake . the director over  uses slow motion during special effects perhaps as an attempt to compensate for the poor performance of the actors themselves . the story is pretty well written  and the fight sequences are actually better than i have seen in many action films . the fights seem pretty real . but all of this happens while to two leading actors time and time again miraculously survive incredible amounts of point  blank automatic weapon fire  grenades  morter rounds  and bazookas . the enemy soldiers are definitely some of the worst shots i have ever seen  especially when they have the escaping truck in their sights from about   yards  and every bazooka shot is wide by at least   feet . those bazookas need serious site calibration .  
the only redeeming quality of this movie is that it was bad enough to be comedic . everyone in this movie looks like a porn industry drop out . i have actually seen better acting in low budget porn . i though i had actually rented some kind of gay porn after this classic scene jim watch your ass nick you watch yours  together   i wont leave you behind   br    br   the first action sequence shows how awful the production is  but its really kind of funny good guys have transformer weapons  in one scene  they all have fake hk mp  sub  machine guns . next scene  ak    replicas  and then  to top it all off  they do some weapon swapping between scenes with a couple of m    s   i think they had a budget shortage for guns  not enough to go around between the good guys and bad guys . fight scenes are poorly coordinated and fake as all hell . you have to remove the pin  spoon from a grenade for it to explode on its own . you can  t fire a shoulder launched missile of any kind while riding inside a helicopter . weapons that you throw away don  t suddenly re  appear . when a gun is out of bullets  throwing it away is still pretty stupid . unless you have no idea how to reload them . . big slow trucks driving around in first gear make for awkward action scenes . i really cant believe movies like this are actually produced . this movie would be hilarious on nitrous oxide or maybe just drunk .  
early  heavy  war  time propaganda short urging people to be careful with their spending practices  in effort to prevent any runaway inflation .  br    br   using scare  guilt and patriotic jingoistic rhetoric  which was normal for the time  the government was concern that the sudden war  time production and therefore wage increase and subsequent spending practices if not checked could cause serious problems during and after the war .  br    br   it truly is a window into the past  historically and culturally .  
this is a well made informative film in the vein of pbs frontline . the problem is  frontline already did this piece and managed to bring l . paul bremer in to tell his side of the story . more troubling is the fact that the director of the film  charles ferguson   a former think tank wonk  was a war supporter until the occupation went south . what did he think would happen   br    br   the invasion of poland went really well too until it was messed up by those pesky nazis . and that is what this film feels like   an apology for occupation rather than a deconstruction of the act of war itself .  br    br   ferguson seems to suggest that the war could have been run better   as if any war can be better .  
there seems to be an overwhelming response to this movie yet no one with the insight to critique its methodology  which is extremely flawed . it simply continues to propogate journalistic style analysis  which is that it plays off of the audiences lack of knowledge and prejudice in order to evoke an emotional decry and outburst of negative diatribe .  br    br   journalism     tell the viewer some fact only in order to predispose them into drawing conclusions which are predictable . for instance  the idea of civil war  chaos  looting  etc were all supposedly unexpected responses to the collapse of governmental infrastructure following hussein  s demise were these not all symptomatic of an already destitute culture  doctrinal infighting as symptomatic of these veins of islam itself  rather than a failure in police force to restrain and secure  would they rather the us have declared marshall law  i  m sure the papers here would  ve exploded with accusations of a police state and fascist force .  br    br   aside from the analytical idiocy of the film  it takes a few sideliners and leaves the rest out claiming  so  and  so refused to be interviewed . . .  yet the questions they would  ve asked are no doubt already answered by the hundred inquisitions those individuals have already received . would you  as vice president  deign to be interviewed by a first time writer  producer which was most certainly already amped to twist your words . they couldn  t roll tape of condi to actually show her opinion and answer some of the logistics of the questions  perhaps they never watched her hearing .  br    br   this is far from a neutral glimpse of the situation on the ground there . this is another biased  asinine approach by journalists  which are  by and large  unthinking herds .  br    br   anyone wanting to comment on war ought at least have based their ideas on things a little more reliable than nbc coverage and cnn commentary . these interpretations smack of the same vitriol which simply creates a further bipartisanism of those who want to think and those who want to be told by the media what to think .  
this movie was so bad that my i . q . went down about   points after seeing it . it made me wonder who could sit through the weeks it took to make it and think that it was worth it . it must of been some kind of personal favor to van damme .  
universal soldier the return is not the worst movie ever made . no  that honor would have to go to a film that attempted to make some sort of statement or accomplish some artistic feat but failed in a pathetic or offensive manner . however  perhaps no movie i have ever seen has tried for so little and succeeded so completely as did universal soldier the return .  br    br   this film is a sci  fi  action travesty that has virtually nothing to recommend it . the acting is as bad as any movie i  ve ever seen . the plot is terrible and predictable . the special effects are pathetic . in short  anyone even remotely connected to this film should be ashamed of themselves . us the return makes previous van damme fare seem like groundbreaking cinematic masterpieces . some movies are so bad  they  re good . believe me when i tell you that this is not one of them . i  m really not sure what else to say here . i doubt many people were considering seeing this movie if they hadn  t already  but just in case don  t .  
no fireworks despite violent action .  br    br   science fiction films that reflect quality are scarce indeed  largely because transposal of imaginative themes from the genre to the screen too often falls short of effective execution as a result of insufficient funding or inadequate invention  and unfortunately for its producers  this work is lacking on both counts  woefully so in the case of the latter . with essentially no budget with which to operate  it is a grave mistake to attempt the depiction of such a gamut of events as those within this scenario and  in particular  special effects of space opera warfare which appear only clownish  while seeds from the scriptors  imagination lie fallow due to some of the most fatuous misunderstanding of basic scientific principles to be found . among these are frequent firing of weapons within a sealed environment  and a wayward law of gravity which enables freedom of movement of cast members while inanimate objects float weightlessly  but it is easier to accept these than it is to pretend that any of the episodes have a basis in plausibility . the plot involves an escape of life sentenced prisoners from a space station penal colony to a waste landfill upon our moon and their various attempts to obtain passage back to earth  with some few capable players present who are execrably directed by first  timer paolo mazzucato  whose production team wastes effort upon such as holographic pornography while ignoring a pressing and basic requirement for the creation of states of suspense and of impetus .  br    br    
this is a worthless sequel to a great action movie . cheap looking  and worst of all  boring action scenes  the only decent thing about the movie is the last fight sequence . only   minutes  but it feels like it goes on forever  even die  hard van damme fans  like myself  should avoid this one   
we open with colonel luc deveraux  van damme   the original universal soldier and his buxom asian friend being chased down a river by what appear to be universal soldiers . they almost kill the two  then oh wait  it was just a field test . deveraux we come to find is now part of a government funded company that designs the new level of universal soldiers . why he would want to be involved in this  if you know anything about the original  is never explained and well beyond me .  br    br   it  s after this flimsy set piece that the real story gets going . the united states government has cut the universal soldier  s project budget and in the process angered seth  the large artificial mainframe computer that controls the universal soldiers  . naturally he won  t be shut down without a fight . so that means van damme has to go around and take all the new breed of universal soldiers out . which sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and a take on a sequel  but that doesn  t stop it from becoming stupid as hell .  br    br   for instance  one of the new universal soldiers is played by bill goldberg . seems you can  t go wrong casting a wrestler in an action movie . he  s big  he  s tough  right  wrong . van damme doesn  t seem to have a problem wiping the floor with him . . . once . . . twice . . . three times . the point here lost on me . then there  s the breaking of glass . a rudimentary part of any action movie  but someone involved must have a glass fetish . you have to see the fight scenes in particular . let  s not talk about how nobody cuts themselves or at the very least slips . then to put the cherry on top of this train wreck  they have seth  the computer  secure a human body for himself and how appropriate it is when they make the villain black  michael jai white  . nothing works better than a white good guy fighting a black bad guy it would seem . potentially offensive and just downright lame . he  s no replacement for dolph  either .  br    br   universal soldier  is a lousy sequel . it  s loud  it  s dumb and it doesn  t care . the original wasn  t anything poetic  but it made a simple sort of sense with a science fiction element and it entertained on a basic level . the sequel doesn  t . they do however keep the running time under ninety minutes and somehow found a way to squeeze in a strip club sequence . so give credit where credit is due .  
i first heard of unisol  when i drove past a cinema when i was on holiday in america . i really did not take much notice of it until i bought the original on dvd which led me to find out about its three sequels . i subsequently started to read about the return on the imdb and asked friends what they thought of it . despite their horrific criticisms of it  i still went out of my way to see it and was on the brink of buying it until i saw it for hire on dvd . i wasn  t expecting much but thought that it must have been half decent to get a theatrical release in the us  after all  how often is it that you see van damme on the big screen  well  nothing could have prepared me for this . it is so bad i almost cried . what a total waste of   minutes and   .   . it is hard to explain how bad this move is . honestly . this is idiotic film making . no  it  s more than idiotic . i just cannot believe how this got made . i cannot believe that someone out there has not murdered mic rogers . how stupid can people possibly be  firstly  van damme actually thinking the script and finished film was good . secondly  the fact that xander berkley  of terminator  and air force one status  commited himself to this film . i simply cannot believe the stupidity of this movie . it takes itself so seriously but comes across to the audience like a spoof . here is an example jcvd  s daughter  yes  luc is now a human again    i want my daddy   seth   so do i  . oh yeah  and some guy tries to shut down seth by pulling three huge levers with  wait for it  on and off written on them . the acting all round is like playschool acting . i  m sure mr director modelled luc  s reporter girlfriend on april o  neil from the cartoon teenage mutant hero turtles  she refuses to go because she  . . . needs her story  . i mean come on  how many cliches can a film possibly use  please listen to me fellow imdb users  don  t touch this with a barge pole . to conclude  universal soldier the return has no relation whatsoever to the first movie . in fact  if they weren  t called unisols then you would never know it was a sequel . luc is now a human again  what the hell    the only place in which he can access the internet is in a stripclub . all the new uni sols look like they were dragged off the street  they are that unconvincing . this is pure torture to watch  so do yourself a favour  don  t torture yourself . p . s  best part of the movie romeo jumps off a building and shouts  oh sht  .  
the infamous ed wood  classic  plan  from outer space features an indignant alien calling the human race   . . . stupid  stupid  stupid stupid   i  d have to say exhibit a in that trial would probably this movie  a ridiculously silly sci  fi film .  br    br   falling action star jean claude van damme returns to a hit role for him from the original movie  luke  a former universal soldier who now works making really good universal soldiers . while van damme was too big to reprise the role in the first two sequels  he was too small to do much of anything else by the time the fourth film in the universal soldier series came around . so  probably cursing under his breath the whole way  he kicks and grunts and scowls through ninety minutes of explosions and karate kicks . you  ll find plenty of mindless violence  but i  d advise you get a coat check for your brain at the door when you start watching this thing . otherwise  you are liable to forget where you left it by the time it  s over .  br    br   luke is called into action against more universal soldiers after a really really really evil computer named seth  makes hal look like ghandi  turns all the other universal soldiers into evil  remorseless killers . of course this is what these things are programmed to do  but in this case they are killing their creators  not  the enemy  so that  s a problem .  br    br   i love the dumb logic of this movie . logic that believes that a supercomputer would create a body for itself that looks as ashamed as michael jai white does to be in this movie . logic that dictates that the creator of seth be a blue  haired cyber  stereotype geek who spouts cliches more regularly than old faithful does steam . logic that has a climactic karate fight feature two characters kicking each other though ten separate panes of shattering glass in the span of three minutes of screen time .  br    br   the film also features a daughter in peril character  wrestler bill goldberg as a wrestler disguised as a universal soldier  and a romance so tacked on  i have to think the writers thought tacked on romances were actually a good thing . and when this movie ends  it ends . not a minute after a gigantic towering finale  style explosion are the credits running . no epilogue  no where are they now  no final kiss  just explosion  hug  over . even the creators want to get out of this thing as soon as possible .  br    br   while it  s no plan   ustr is a silly little trifle of an action movie that would be fun at parties full of rowdy van damme fans who enjoy seeing their hero really reaching new depths . not to be seen on a serious stomach .  
i was very skeptical about sacrificing my precious time to watch this film . i didn  t enjoy the first one at all  and the last jean claude van damme film i liked was blood sports  after managing to sit through it all  avoid  avoid  avoid    
i  m sorry for jean  after having such a good original movie to be followed up by perhaps his worst movie in is career . this movie was shot down terribly by horrible acting jobs by goldbeg  romeo  and whatever that computers name was . also  some scenes may have been just a little unnesicary . truly  bad movie .  
van damme . what else can i say  bill goldberg . there we go . now we know this movie is going to be really horrible .  br    br   i saw the first five minutes of this movie on tbs  knowing it would be bad . but not even i thought it would be this bad . the plot is awful  van damme is getting old  finally   but unlike arnold  his movies are as well .  br    br   forget this movie . don  t see it . ever . i wouldn  t even be paid to see this film .  br    br      stars  at its heart lies a wonderful  action  packed thrill ride .  br    br   well  maybe not  but the marketers would sure like us to think so  wouldn  t they   br    br   john ulmer  
this movie was absolutly awful . i can  t think of one thing good about it . the plot holes were so huge you could drive a hummer through them . the acting was soo stuningly bad that even jean claude should be ashamed  and that is saying alot    and dialogue  what dialogue    to think that i was a fan of the first one  i use that comment loosely  its more like a guilty pleasure  than anything else  . this movie had goldberg in it for crying out loud     nothing good can come of this movie . what makes this film even worse is that it is soo bad you can  t even watch it with a bunch of friends to make fun of    this has got to be in my top five worst movies of all time .     because it is soo hard for me to give a  .  
this is a piece of s   t   this looks worse than a made for t . v . movie . and i shutter to think that a sequel was even concieved and the results . . . war is prettier than this . jean claude van shame has done it again and he wonders why his career is where it is now . no script  no story and no time should be wasted on this . i mean that .  out of   is too high  way too high . goldberg should be jackhammered for this . van shame is no actor .  
 here be spoilers   br    br   the government has continued to develop the universalsoldier program  now called unisol . the soldiers are now stronger and are able to take more damage than before . however the government is downsizing  the project endangered and the supercomputer that is in the middle of all feel threatened  so he takes steps to ensure his own safety . he activates and controls the unisols and start to run mayhem . the only one who can stop them is deveraux  van damme  .  br    br   this movie is about one thing . choreographed fighting . the story is bad  and is soon drowned in all fights . whatever happens  and wherever they go  they fight . unfortunately for this movie  it is no fun watching a fight where you know one part of it is indestructible . normally you  re pretty sure the hero will win  but you still want to feel the fights are between two somewhat equal combatants . not where one is indestructible and can  t lose . then the fights just become a tool to stretch time . you wait until the final fight when deveraux miraculously finds a way to beat his unbeatable foes . to further lower my opinion  a desperate and sure sign of a bad movie is how much scantily clad women there are . well  there aren  t really that lot of them  because the characters are most men  there are at least one woman unisol though   but almost every woman is needlessly shown with at least just a bra once . the female leads get by with this  but we also pass through a strip  club  to use a computer no less  with much more undressed women . these moments do not give anything to the story and is just there to try to please the adolescent  minded male audience .  br    br   so  in conclusion  boring fights . no more  no less . well  maybe less . . .  br    br        
i watched this movie last night and already i am struggling to recollect very much about it . the story is about a group of criminals who escape from a space penal colony . they fly to the moon in a space  age dustbin carrier when there  they terrorise the dustbin men who work on the moonbase .  br    br   it strikes me that rubbish low  budget sci  fi films often involve either desert planets or  like this movie  criminals escaping from penal colonies . why this is i have no idea . but i can say with some certainty that such films are always diabolical . this one is really no exception . it begins reasonably well with a decent credit sequence and a half  way alright dance music soundtrack . it then degenerates into a boring sci  fi thriller . so little of consequence actually happens in this movie that i am literally struggling to write a helpful review  so if you  re reading this i apologise for not being able to enlighten you to the film  s subtleties and nuances . for the record  i recall a tedious bunch of baddies  a tedious bunch of goodies  some nuclear warheads and a hologram of a naked woman . other than that  i  m struggling .  br    br   if you feel you could be interested in the activities of lunar dustbin men then i would not hesitate to recommend this film . i would also recommend it to those of you who wish to send their friends to sleep and steal their wallets .  
there  s tons of good  looking women in this flick . but alas  this movie is nudity  free . grrrrrrrrrr strike one .  br    br   ahem . one story in this film takes place in     . then why the hell are the main characters driving a kia sportage  hello  continuity  anyone   br    br   as you might know  this movie was released in stereoscopic  d . and it is the most hideous effect i have ever seen . i  m not sure if someone botched the job on this  but there was no  d  just double  vision blurs . i didn  t have the same problem with this company  s other  d movies  hunting season and camp blood . sure  the  d in those ones sucked too  but with them i could see a semblance of  d effect .  br    br   this thing is a big ball of nothing .  br    br   and whoever that women was who played the daughter of the ear  eating dame  yum  i  d like to see more of her . in movies  as well . looks like janet margolin at a young age . purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  br    br    
i  ll be honest . the only reason i watched this one on tv is that it  s in the imdb bottom    . and right now  i  m wondering if the hour and a half of my life really was worth another  check  on that same list .  br    br   van damme is luc deveraux  who finds himself on a huge fight with the universal soldiers after the main computer pulled a  hal  to defend itself . and yes  after all the obligate explosions  shoot  outs and chases he is the last one standing . combined with terrible acting and a bit of a boring set  up it makes sure it  s place in the infamous list is just .  br    br   only for the idiots like me who want to watch that full list .     .  
this is the official sequel to the    sci  fi action thriller . in the original  van damme was among several dead vietnam war vets revived to be the perfect soldiers  unisols  . in this one  it  s  i guess  about a dozen years later  since van damme has a daughter about that age . now he  s working with the government in a classified installation to train the latest unisols  codenamed unisol      for some reason . as usual  something goes wrong the on  site super  computer  named seth  like the snake in  king cobra  the same year  goes power  crazy  takes command of the unisols  and even downloads its computer brain into a new super  unisol body  jai white  . we  re lookin  at the next step in evolution  folks  most of van damme  s fights are with one particularly mean unisol  pro wrestler goldberg  who just keeps on comin   drop him off a building  no good run him down with a truck  no go  shoot him  burn him  forgetaboutit  much of the humor is traced to how van damme is now outmoded and out  classed  he  s even going grey around the edges  . but  though he takes a lickin   he keeps on kickin   most sequels of this sort are pretty lame  pale imitations of the originals  and while this one is certainly no stroke of genius  it manages to be consistently entertaining  especially if you  re a pro  wrestling fan .  
this movie is mostly crap and the only reason this movie is worth watching is because jean  claud vam damme stars in this movie . there are some good action scenes in this movie and the best ones are at the end of the movie .  br    br   the acting in this movie is so bad and its the worst acting i have ever seen and the  actors bill goldberg and michael jai white can not act at all . and this movie by far has to be one of jean  claud vam dammes worst movies he has done and if u what to watch him in one of his great movies u should watch blood sport  kickboxer or sudden death .  br    br   over all this movie is crap  ok and my rating is  out of   .  
i tried to watch this movie twice and both times i still couldn  t make it to the end credits . first time i managed to sit through the first fight sequence then lost interest . second time i managed to force myself to digest over an hours worth of shoddy acting  lame sfx and extremely poor direction . pales in comparison to the original .  br    br   anyone ever hear about the old et atari     fiasco  for those who haven  t let me fill you in . it  s     . . . et is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time . . . atari decides to release a movie tie  in game on their     home console system . to cut a long and financially painful story short the game flopped big time and resulted in thousands upon thousands of atari     et games to be dumped in landfills because they couldn  t even give them away let alone sell them .  br    br   what does universal soldier the return have to do with this story  look at the  .  rating and figure it out for yourself .  br    br   awful film . . . imdb forced me to give it a  out of   because their rating systems doesn  t go as low as  let alone into the negatives .  
this time the hero from the first film has become human and this time uses fist and foot combos against super universal soldiers and a computer which has gone awry and is prepared to take over the world . i  m pretty sure it was double team  which convinced everyone that jean  claude van damme was no longer credible in providing watchable action flicks . however it was this that tarnished his credibility forever . while universal soldierthe return isn  t as dull as double team or the quest  it  s still pretty awful indeed  with none of the style and flair of the original and no star pairing . this sequel is made simply for kids who enjoy professional wrestling . as i look back  not even the action sequences were all that exciting and therefore this movie is a worthless dud . in other words another clunker in van damme  s assembly line .  br    br    out of   bad   
this was an atrocious waste of my time . no plot . the acting was so far below par  it should be used as an exemplar in acting classes of what not to do . it is merely a commercial rip  off of the earlier universal soldier  which also scrapes the bottom of the acting barrel . its sad that vd needs to assert his ego every few years  and sadder still that people will pay good money to sit thru it . this kind of schlock gives martial arts movies a bad name . by comparison  it makes segall  norris  and arnold look almost talented .  br    br   perhaps vd should take the leslie nielson track and do send  ups of his genre . at least then we could be laughing with him instead of at him .  
after seeing the low  budget shittier versions of the  universal soldier  franchise  i hoped and prayed that van damme reprised his role as luc devoreaux in a second unisol movie . well  it seemed this prayer was answered  but not the way i hoped . universial soldier  is just intense as poetry reading at your local library . no  even that would be more intriguing . the fight sequences are top  notch  bruce lee quality  which is the only redeeming factor in this entire pathetic excuse for a motion picture . that and having former wcw tough  guy legend  goldberg  playing the villain . however  placing goldberg as seth  s sidekick lieutenant would  ve been better .  br    br   we offended me the most was the setting of the movie itself . it  s like some film school students slapped it together . the plot holes are that bigger than kanye west  s ego is what really did this movie in . for example luc  s daughter  hillary looks like she  s at least      years old and the first movie was filmed only seven years ago . how is that possible  tell me that  the part in which luc  s partner was killed off and turned into a unisol is just re  goddamn diculous  you mean to tell me that there was an experimental unisol exposed naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the movie . c  mon . the director could  ve spent more time with this movie like the first one and sewn all the plot holes shut . but oooh nooo   br    br   speaking of the plot  it sucks  compared to the first movie  universal soldier   s plot watered down and worthless . where  s the gritty thrills in which a unisol goes berserk an re  enacts his last memories in a supermarket rampage thinking its desert storm or something  this was the dawn of the millennium  you would attracted more of an audience if this had taken place in a dystopia  orwellian type of future cesspit . corny is the correct adjective to describe this sad  sad  sad sequel .  br    br   from what i seen double impact  under siege   robocop   and hell  even the cheap  ass  no class terminator knock  off  class of      is more entertaining than this   
jean claude van damme tries to rescue his career by making the sequel of universal soldier . but  did that movie saved him  i think he goes to hell  after he dies .  br    br   in the first minute  we see the inside of a facility  where you can see the bad guy of the film . scary  huh  but not as scary as the acting  details are following  .  br    br   then  we see van damme with a black girl  do not remember the name . . . . well it doesn  t matter anyway   trying to escape from some muscle  men . of course they are the new universal  soldiers . more muscels  less brain  just like the movie  . after a while  van damme fights goldberg but then the  mission  gets aborted . it was just a test  is this movie a test for our nerves   . it turns out that van damme works for the government on the new universal soldier project  who has seen the first movie may think that this is the most unlogical thing  that yould van dammes character could do  . but it is a sequel . and a  story  has to come up . ah  i forgot . he has a daughter . very important for the  story  .  br    br   well  after about   minutes  a super computer hears a conversation about shutting it down and quitting he project . of course the cube gets angry and activates all soldiers to kill everyone . van damme escapes from the facility but the computer sends some soldiers hunting him  it wants van damme as a soldier  because he is the best  really    . and guess what  goldberg is one of the hunters  who was always a silly sentence for the audience before he gets asskicked . funny  yes  just like the rest of the film .  br    br   after some  story   van damme tries to rescue his daughter  of his wife  the reporter in the first movie  . it comes to a final show down where van damme fights the bad guy and you can see the most expensive scene of the whole movie  please see for yourself . it is just too funny to tell  .  br    br   you  ll see that this movie is a waste of time .  br    br   so do not watch it . but if you do  keep a sixpack with you   
i don  t think any movie of van damme  s will ever beat universal soldier but u never know . this movie was good but not as good as  st . vd returns a luc  must do battle again . he tries  b funny here but its maybe worth a smirk of a chuckle . vd has a kid this time from ally w .  good it showed a pic of them  . goldberg was cool  he does his famous move  forgot what its called cause i don  t watch wrestling  sucks . vd  goldberg had some good fights . it was the ending like the  st but just not that good . vd does his best move in his career  like always  the helicopter kick . even though  the final ending should  ve been longer . anyway  it is worth seeing but it will never top the original .  
ok i saw this movie to get a benchmark for bad but with this movie it  s unisol  s best movie now plot luc devereux is now a technical expert who is working with the government with his partner maggie  who  s been through countless hours of training and combat with him  to refine and perfect the unisol program in an effort to make a new  stronger breed of soldier that is more sophisticated  intelligent  and agile . all of the new unisols  which are faster and stronger than their predecessors  are connected through an artificially intelligent computer system called seth  a self  evolving thought helix . when seth discovers that the universal soldier program is scheduled to be shut down because of budget cuts  he takes matters into his own  hands  to protect himself . killing those who try to shut off his power  and unleashing his platoon of super  soldiers  led by the musclebound romeo  seth spares deveraux  only because deveraux has the secret code that is needed to deactivate a built  in program that will shut seth down in a matter of hours . with the help of a hacker named squid  seth takes human form . not only must luc contend with ambitious reporter erin  who won  t leave his side  but luc also must contend with general radford  who wants to take extreme measures to stop seth . seth has also kidnapped luc  s injured    year  old daughter hillary  and is now holding her hostage . luc is the only person who can rescue hillary  because luc knows firsthand how a unisol thinks  feels  and fights . now there are problems like in any movie like did anyone find it weird how a reporter just  so  happened to be there and the soldiers can take being flattened with a truck however when vanne damme shoots them with a gun with one bullet and they die and the final fight scene was unbelievable when luc is now human and seth is  x stronger and faster than any other unisol and luc can take a hit from him . with the final fight when luc smashes him to pieces i was really surprised that the pieces didn  t melt and reform him  terminator   . another thing that bugs me is how the hell does vanne damme get good actors to play relatives i mean in the case of vanne damme it  s completely off the grid of how science fiction this movie is . the music score now that must have a mention have you ever listened to a song where you  d rather cut a blackboard with a knife well universal soldier  is like that . the good points are there  s no dolph  hooray  and unlike the  st one there is only one naked scene whereas in the  st one there are many  i  m still haunted by the scenes in    also the actors in this have some talent whereas in the first one the casting guys were sadists  if you don  t believe me look it up   
ok  so it was written in      before      so you can give it a little credit for worrying about terrorists and the idea that the cia director makes a plot to blow this doomed plane out of the sky before it brings doom to the world  is prescient . that  s it . that  s the good stuff . the acting . . . fair . the plot . . . silly . the  twist  . . . unnecessary . dooooooooooom it isn  t as though no one ever thought of what to do when a plane gets contaminated . don  t you think bureaucrats have a manual for  plagues  and how to contain them  proper execution of such a plan is always a problem  as we saw after katrina . but they have a plan . it isn  t to send them off to iceland and then to mauritania . and if the virus is carried in the air  why was the plane door open and the  shooters  standing there with no protection  in fact  did it ever occur to anyone to shoot her legs  that would stop her . but not as dramatic . i  m a sucker . i always watch a movie to see the end  once i started it . but this was a waste of time  and for the most part  predictable . i saw it using a recorder so i didn  t have to watch all the ads  that was a plus . it  s a good example of why i watch so little network tv . rubbish .  
the mind boggles at exactly what about universal soldier merited a sequel . since the real star  dolph lundgren  would not be able to reprise his role from the original  there is already scant reason to indulge oneself in this obvious tax write  off . bold attempts are made to fill the gap with professional wrestler bill goldberg and martial arts expert michael jai white . to their credit  they give their action sequences a good sense of excitement . bill goldberg looks like he is having the time of his life on this film  and he makes a fair stab at filling the requisite comedic villain role . for once  his role is the kind that involves repeating the same line a few times  and it does not get irritating . the problem from the audience  s point of view is that neither of these gentlemen really have the sense of comic timing or minor humility that makes lundgren such a pleasure to watch in almost all of his films . and therein lies the problem . you do not go to see a van damme film because you want serious action . you go because you want comedy  however unintentional .  br    br   unbeknownst to many people  universal soldier was followed by two direct  to  video sequels . i have only seen the first  which had production values so bad one can only wonder if it was meant to be some kind of elaborate joke . matt battaglia was so terrible in the role of luc deveraux that for once in his career  the sight of jean  claude van damme comes as a welcome relief . the film more or less completely disregards the stories of the aforementioned direct  to  video sequels  and instead begins a whole new story set an indeterminate time after the events of the original . after years of investigation and explanation  the unisol project is still going ahead  with some minor modifications . for one  the new unisols are stronger and more damage  resistant than their earlier cousins . for another  all of the unisols are now under the direction of a supercomputer called seth . in the early parts of the film  seth exists primarily as a series of abstract graphics within a glass dome .  br    br   being that the film barely lasts more than eighty minutes  we are quickly told that funding to the military is being cut . the unisol project is on the chopping block  which essentially means that seth will be turned off . seth  somehow overhearing this conversation through means that are never really explained  decides to mobilise the unisols as an army against those seeking to shut him down . his only problem is that every so often  a code is required to be put into his system in order to prevent automatic shutdown . two individuals possess the code in question . seth kills the first in short order  and those who are familiar with the plot kit that van damme  s films are constructed out of will guess within five seconds who the second happens to be . the rest of the film revolves around the unisols  attempts to get the code out of van damme without injuring him too badly . a subplot with a daughter and a reporter is woven into the film  but it adds about as much to the story as van damme does to the profession of acting .  br    br   the film is loaded to the brim with ridiculous lines and clichs . when seth transplants his command module into the body of michael jai white  we get a speech about how the time of the humans is over . he goes on to tell his foot soldiers how fear and mortality will be humanity  s weakness  es  . gee  seth  you mean they will not be our strong points  all kidding aside  the short length of the film is both the film  s weakness and its strength . it leaves the action without adequate setup . in the original  we are given a very thorough explanation of the unisols  how they work  and how they are brought to the state that is seen in the majority of the film . here  the writer seems to take it for granted that the viewer knows what a unisol is and how they operate . at least in the original  a moment of curiosity and wonder was created by leaving the explanation for later in the film when the hero lies in a tub of ice . here  one of the villains is shot with a gun that leaves massive holes in his uniform  and presumably his body   getting up every time without stopping for breath .  br    br   i tend to reserve the score of one for films that are so bad that they become entertaining in a completely unintentional manner . if you can see it on the cheap  knock yourself out . this is the kind of film that makes me mourn the loss of mystery science theatre .  
terrible acting by potter and a flat plot with no tension what so ever . and as for the feminist polemic  it  s laughable . i saw this garbage when it was first released and though i found it tedious beyond belief i  m glad i did go to see it . that  s because i now have an immediate answer to the question  what  s the worst film you  ve ever seen   plus  i have the comfort of knowing that every film i see for the rest of my life will be better than the tango lesson . but i have to admit i was impressed with the way potter wrote a script that would garner the maximum number of arts council grants from around the world  as is revealed in the closing credits  .  br    br   i only very recently saw orlando and i can see how potter learnt the wrong lessons from making that film . all it took was a bunch of frilly costumes  a few hard stares to camera by the leading lady  and a loose plot to seduce the cinema going public . so why shouldn  t she think she could get away with the self  indulgent nothingness that is the tango lesson   
wow what a great premise for a film  set it around a film maker with writers block who decides to take up tango lessons . hey and what an even better idea cast the central role to a film maker whos interested in tango . gosh i wish i had that knack for genius . yes im being sarcastic .  br    br   it amazes me that these type of zero potential for making money movies are made . come on unless youre a rabid tango fan  i do concede they do exist judging by the comments  or a die hard member of the sally potter fan club    theres nothing in this film that will make you rush off to the cinema to see it . even if youre into tango much of the film is taken up with meaningless scenes like a house getting renovated or a man in wheelchair going along a road  br    br   coming soon the review lesson where a failed screenwriter from scotland sits in front of a computer writing very sarcastic but highly entertaining reviews of films hes seen . gasp in shock as theo robertson puts the boot into the latest hollywood blockbusters  weep in sympathy as he gets yet another rejection letter from a film company  fall in lust as he takes a bath and rubs soap over his well toned body . the review lesson coming soon to a cinema near you if anyone is stupid enough to fund the movie  br    br   ps sally potter is unrelated to harry potter  
the dancing was probably the only watchable thing about this film   and even that was disappointing compared to some other films . my gawd   br    br   to me  this is the worst kind of film   one that assumes it  s a work of art because it has all the trappings of film  as  art . yes  it  s beautifully photographed  but ultimately lacks the depth and tension of the dance around which the film supposedly surrounds itself . tango is a tease  it  s hot  it has drama  it  s audacious   precisely what this film is not .  
this is the worst movie i have ever seen  and i have seen quite a few movies . it is passed off as an art film  but it is really a piece of trash . it  s one redeeming quality is the beautiful tango dancing  but that cannot make up for sally potter  s disgustingly obvious tribute to herself . the plot of this movie is nonexistent  and i guarantee you will start laughing by the end . especially where she starts singing . it  s absolutely unreal .  
strange how less than  hours can seem like a lifetime when sitting through such flat  uninspiring drivel . if a story is as personal as this supposedly was to sally potter  wouldn  t you expect a little passion to show through in her performance  her acting was completely detached and i felt no chemistry between sally and pablo and the tango scenes  which should have been fiery given the nature of the dance  were instead awkward and painful to watch . obviously  revealing such a personal story on film can be daunting  and as such sally potter would have been wise to let a better actor take on the task rather than let her passion fall victim to her own sheepishness .  
dire . just dire . the script is contrived  the acting painful  and the story just drags along . it is  without a doubt  a celebration of sally potter and little else . this wouldn  t be so bad  but she  s the director  writer and star of the film  and so is just self  glorification . i found myself not caring about the developing romance between the principal two characters  and the ending came not a moment too soon . it has two redeeming features . first is that a lot of the shots are really quite lovely  particularly in paris  and look rather good in black and white . secondly  whether you  re a fan of tango or not  the music is by and large  excellent  except where sally starts singing  . watch this film at your own risk  or if you need an unintentional laugh . i am sure it appeals to someone . statistically  it has to .  
probably encouraged by admirers of her much  better  orlando   potter here delivers a vehicle for herself in the worst way she writes  directs  stars  and actually co  writes the music  including a mawkish love song . the film strongly resembles a high school or college project by a teenager convinced that her own intimate loves and melodramatic obsessions are as fascinating to us as to her . but potter  s character is as unsympathetic as the object of her romantic obsession is unlikable  and the whole film is an embarrassing display of narcissism masquerading as a celebration of the tango . perhaps if she hadn  t cast herself it might have worked . she just can  t act  whether playing herself or not . pretentious  over  ambitious  dull  and silly .  
the film is severely awful and is demeaning to rape victims . on the surface  it may be a daring film about rape but if you dig beneath the surface  what lies is a not  so  positive message about rape . aishwarya the rape victim is shown to be a helpless victim who cannot cope all because she is a woman . she needs a man to help her . when the society makes jibes about her and throws comments at her  she does not stand up for herself . it is all left to anil kapoor to do all the talking while aishwarya does all the crying .  br    br   the director  satish kaushik  went down the wrong path by portraying a rape victim as weak and submissive . what would have been more effective is portraying a strong woman who rebels against her enemies in a courageous way . the director is famous for being chauvinistic . his films are usually full of weak women but he tries to hide them in controversial roles . he needs to learn that just because the role is controversial  it does not mean that the character herself is strong .  br    br   the most degrading scene in the film is when aishwarya  cleans  herself after just being raped . she does it to please her father who thinks that she is now dirty . though it is commendable that shah shows the stigma against rape victims in such a stark light  what he does not show us is whether ash  s father was wrong for making his daughter do such a thing . thus we are left with a confusing message about rape .  br    br   the comedy too is not needed in a strong subject film like this . even more so  the comedy is simply not funny . ash is wooden in her role while anil kapoor does nothing but shout . the music is mediocre except for the title track  which is beautifully picturised  the only bright point of this film  . sonali bendre  s role is disappointing and pointless . overall  what could have been a great movie to remember ends up being an awful mish  mash that will give some viewers severe indigestion .  
 . . . but a lousy film . as maltin says this was christopher lee  s attempt to make a serious horror film . well  it is serious . . . too serious  the plot is silly and slow  something about old people inhabiting the bodies of young children to achieve immortality  . . . the film is all talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the same things over and over again . i actually dozed off a few times  the film is sooooo dull  the cast sleepwalks through this with the sole exceptions of peter cushing and lee . . . but this was probably a labor of love for both  they often complained about horror movies being too violent . . . well  this has no violence   . avoid at all costs . . . unless you have insomnia . . . this will put you to sleep   
in its depiction of a miserable milanese underclass  this film was probably quite revealing in its day . however  i get the feeling that neorealism was never really director de sica  s bag  since here he decided to try and create some sort of modern fable centring around a boy that had been found in a cabbage patch by an old dear in the country . after spending most of his childhood in an orphanage  toto ends up living in a shantytown in milan . he organises the inhabitants into community action  and keeps their spirits up by swanning around with an annoyingly constant smile on his face and testing them on their times tables . that nobody tells him where to stick his times tables is beyond me  as these people have far more important things to think about  like where the next pot noodle is going to come from . anyway  de sica then uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device in order to highlight exactly why these poor sods are where they are . it  s all down to capitalism of course  and in order to illustrate this  he has the miserables discover a fountain of oil on their land . brilliant  to his credit  though  by this time he has given up on making a serious film  and the capitalists appear as severe caricatures  all fur coats and cigars . they want that land  but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense . by a bizarre stroke of luck  his old  deceased guardian from the cabbage patch days appears in the sky and gives him a magic dove . he uses it to shower gifts on his mates  who prove just as greedy as the cigar men . i reckon this film was a missed opportunity . to address the theme of poverty  as not many film  makers had done until then  and then get caught up in a fairy tale  to me seems a bit daft . how come  great  directors get away with child  like plot turns like the ones we see here  hans christian anderson would probably have balked at the idea of having the poor folk flying off over the milan duomo and on to a higher place on broomsticks . de sica  however  is proclaimed as a genius for this . surely the fact that these people are so poor  that their faith is unswerving  and that miracles never happen to them  is enough for any story  teller to work on .  br    br    
in spite of having some exciting  and daring  sequences  nbtn just never gets going . there are exploding boats  hat pin murders  mass suicides  pathologists with body parts  and all sorts of classic mystery  horror scenes  but they  re interspersed with extended periods of pure exposition . everybody in the movie looks bored . this is a shame because many of the sequences would be considered daring at the time this was filmed .  br    br   add to this the  too  proper  brit characters and you feel like you  ve drifted into a sherlock holmes movie .  br    br   finally  the cinematography is very ordinary . there are lots of opportunities for beautiful shots of of the countryside  or complex shots of someone being pulled into a huge bonfire  but the whole thing is unimaginative and dull .  br    br   definitely only for lee and cushing fans .  
i won  t add to the plot reviews  it  s not very good .  br    br   very improbable orphanage on bala .  br    br   cushing and lee at their height .  br    br   some nice scenery .  br    br   good for face spotting  and i quote   look at the mouth  that is cassie from fools and horses  .  br    br   otherwise  a poor example of the british film industry .  br    br   fulton mackay was far better in fraggle rock  keith barron was better in anything else and diana dors did what she did best .  br    br   redeeming feature  it was free to watch on the horror channel prior to its going over to subscription . i won  t be subscribing on this effort .  
i actually have a fondness for christopher lee  but this just wasn  t up to his other performances . . . and he was one of the better actors .  br    br   the film does not live up to its premise . it  s not that scary  it  s overly melodramatic  and it draaaaaags . every time i thought   oh  here comes the good part  the good part never quite arrived .  br    br   the evil ones aren  t at all convincing . most of the other characters were also lacking in depth .  br    br   perhaps if i  d been in the proper frame of mind  i might have enjoyed some mstie  fication at this film  s expense  but . . . . naaahhh . . . didn  t really seem to be worth the effort . it wasn  t really very good  it wasn  t really very bad  it was just mediocre .  
  three daring daughters  is a sickly sweet  rose  colored look at divorce  remarriage  and single  parent living . obviously  social issues and economic difficulty have no place in the picture perfect life of a single parent mother who feels exhausted  takes a cruise  and then dates and marries a band conductor . even when the  its just a movie  phrase excuses the script from addressing real  life problems   daughters  suffers from too many incoherent high  note songs  children whose personalities are not based on real children and band leader hose iturbi playing himself . isn  t it bizarre that any real person would star in a film in which their supposed real self gets married   br    br   admittedly  this movie was released in the nineteen forties . only a love for old style hollywood romance and comedy could make  daughters  a tolerable film .  
in an otherwise good review  loleralacartelort     says  the truth is that the americans use a secret aluminum  anti  radiation  alloy . it is not that well  known . and the exact specifications are a secret . and why is it a secret well  why should they reveal it back then   if they where in a space race with the russians  then it would be very dumb to reveal that they had new technology that could shield crew against radiation .  this is completely incorrect . there is  and was  no  secret  to radiation protection in apollo . the design and construction of the apollo command module has long been publicly available . it uses a lightweight  honeycomb  of aluminum and stainless steel . the entire outer surface  except the windows of course  is covered with a heat shield made of a phenolic resin  thicker on the bottom that faces forward during re  entry . these materials are actually better at stopping the kind of radiation we have in space  charged particles  than lead  which is better suited to stopping ionizing photons like x  rays and gamma rays .  br    br   space radiation is a definite problem for long term space flight because of the risk of big solar flares . but it simply wasn  t a serious threat to the apollo astronauts . the command module gave them pretty good protection during their brief     hour or so  passage through the van allen belts . they all carried dosimeters so we know exactly how much radiation they each received no more than  .  rem  and usually much less . of the   men who flew to the moon    of whom landed     are still alive . only two have died from cancer alan shepard  leukemia  and jack swigert  bone cancer  . the rest died from heart attacks  pancreatitis  roosa   and a motorcycle accident  conrad  . these are actually pretty good statistics for a group of men now in their late   s  shepard would be    .  
i am a   th grader at my high school . in my current world affairs class a kid in my class had this video and suggested we watch . so we did . i am firm believer that we went to the moon  being that my father works for nasa . even though i think this movie is the biggest piece of crap i have ever watched  the guy who created it has some serious balls . first of all did he have to show jfk getting shot  and how dare he use all those biblical quotes . the only good thing about this movie is it sparks debates  which is good b  c in my class we have weekly debates . this movie did nothing to change my mind . i think he and michael moore should be working together and make another movie . michael moore next movie could be called  a funny thing happened on spetember   th  or  a funny thing happened on the way to the white house  .  
this documentary is founded on sponge cake as soon as you put any real evidence on it the integrity slowly sinks into a big pile of crap for example bart sibrel claims they must have had multiple lighting sources because the shadows appear to be crossing if this were the case wouldn  t there be two or more shadows for each object when apollo   went through the van allan radiation belts they spent   min  s there not the   min  s claimed in the documentary and they received a dose of radiation more equivalent to that of an an x ray .  br    br   seriously do some research learn what really happened don  t let this pile of crap of a documentary mold your opinion of what really happened  
i notice that most of the people who think this film speaks the truth were either not born before the moon landings             or not old enough to appreciate them . i think it is much easier to question an historic event if you did not live through it .  br    br   i was a youngster at the time of apollo  but i was old enough to understand what was going on . the entire world followed the moon landings . our families gathered around the tv to watch the launch . newspaper headlines screamed the latest goings  on each day  from launch to landing  from moonwalks to moon liftoff  all the way to splashdown  in a multitude of languages . in school  some classes were cancelled so we could watch the main events on tv . during apollo   the world prayed and held its collective breath as the men limped home to an uncertain fate . you couldn  t go anywhere without someone asking what the latest was . the world was truly one community .  br    br   now with a buffer of    odd years after the fact  it is easy to claim fraud because worldwide enthusiasm and interest has died down . we are left with our history books  and anybody can claim that history is wrong and attempt to  prove  it with a bunch of lies and made  up facts while completely ignoring the preponderance of evidence showing otherwise   not to mention the proof that dwells in the souls and memories of those who lived through these wonderfully heady and fantastic days .  
this so  called  documentary  tries to tell that usa faked the moon  landing . year right .  br    br   all those who have actually studied the case knows different .  br    br   first of all there is definitely proof . when the astronauts was on the moon  they brought back many pounds of rock from the moon  for geological studies . these where spread around the world to hundreds of labs  who tested them . and they all concluded that they came from the same planet  not earth because the inner isotopes of the basic elements are different from those found on earth  but similar to those calculated to be on the moon . i . e . the conspiracy theorists never studies anything they only take the thing that fit into their theory and ignores the rest .  br    br   another wrongful claim from them is that their was wind in the hangar where they shot the moon landing  i . e . the flag moves . there is a logical explanation the astronaut moved it with his hand  so it moved . and what proves this well  if the conspiracy theorists even studied the footage  they would see that the flag never moves after the astronaut have let it be  i . e . the conspiracy theorists are bad  scientists  they cant study a subject properly  or only studies it until they have what they came for  so that they can make a lie from that  and make a profit  i . e . this so  called  documentary   .  br    br   a claim says that it cant possible have been filmed on the moon because all the shadows come from different places  because there are different light  sources  the artificial lighting from the studio . once again the conspiracy theorists are wrong  as usual   the same would happen in an earth desert at night  with no light  sources . but i doubt that any conspiracy theorists have ever been outside their grandmothers basement for more than how many days a star treck  convention is held over .  br    br   the conspiracy theorists are in denial  big time . they only see what they want to see . so they make up all these lies to seem important  that is a fact .  
the only reason i didn  t score this a one is that sibrel does show that he is adept at the technical aspects of making a film . it is a technically adept film .  br    br   that having been said  this is a film based on lies and distortions that are quite easily disproven . most of the documentary is spent using propaganda techniques to bash the space program  rather than actual fact . and sibrel  s  irrefutable proof  that the landings were faked is easily refuted if you know anything about orbital mechanics .  br    br   i do not recommend watching this  but if you do  see it at google video for free . don  t let bart sibrel profit from your curiosity .  
ouch  this one was a bit painful to sit through . it has a cute and amusing premise  but it all goes to hell from there . matthew modine is almost always pedestrian and annoying  and he does not disappoint in this one . deborah kara unger and john neville turned in surprisingly decent performances . alan bates and jennifer tilly  among others  played it way over the top . i know that  s the way the parts were written  and it  s hard to blame actors  when the script and director have them do such schlock . if you  re going to have outrageous characters  that  s ok  but you gotta have good material to make it work . it didn  t here . run away screaming from this movie if at all possible .  
when i was   i saw the documentary  a funny thing happened on the way to the moon  . i actually liked  and believed in it for a couple of years . but then i grew up  and began to think  and when i had sought more information . this is more info from reel sources  and non  biased sources . when i started at university  not so long ago  i asked an assistant  professor in astronomy about these conspiracy theories . what he said shocked me he said that all those theories where lies . that baffled me  i did not believe it first  but then he presented evidence for his claims . he quickly debunked most of the theories about the subject  humans did not go to the moon  . the most outrages claim was that the apollo  craft could not travel through the van  allen  radiation  belt  without the crew perishing from radiation . the truth is that the americans use a secret aluminum  anti  radiation  alloy . it is not that well  known . and the exact specifications are a secret . and why is it a secret well  why should they reveal it back then   if they where in a space race with the russians  then it would be very dumb to reveal that they had new technology that could shield crew against radiation .  br    br   and then there is the biggest evidence of all the moon stones . when the apollo  missions did go to the moon  they brought back many rocks from the moon  to give to geologists and similar scientists  who are documenting all things about the moon . these rocks and stones are in fact from the moon . because the internal basic elements  which all matter consist of  are also made of special isotopes  that are different from quarry to quarry  land to land  and especially planet from planet . the isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proved  that they do not come from earth . the astronauts brought home hundreds of kilogram  s of these rocks  all of them have been proved to have come from outside earth  and from the same planet . ergo the moon  landings where not fake . nasa did go to another planet the moon  though it is not a planet  but a satellite to a planet  a moon  duuh  . these rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities all around the world . it has been proved humans did go to the moon  it is a fact  pronto .  br    br   but i do not worry most conspiracy  theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated  that is mostly why they do not know or lie about these facts . the fact remains humans did walk on the moon .  
the views of earth that are claimed in this film to have been faked by nasa have recently been compared with the historical weather data for the time of apollo    and show a good match between the cloud patterns in the video sequence and the actual rainfall records on the day .  br    br   this would seem to undermine the entire argument put forward in the film that the  whole earth  picture is actually a small part of the planet framed by the spacecraft window .  br    br   i am waiting for bart sibrel to now claim that the historical weather data has been faked by nasa  though that would no doubt involve them in also replacing every archived newspaper copy with a weather map  and the ones in private hands would still be a problem .  br    br   ah  a response  trying to discredit this movie by referring to nasa weather data i  d say is a charming  but weak and gullible argument . what about the rest of the footage and proofs in the movie  a certain wise man once said something about sifting mosquitoes and swallowing camels . do you in any way feel that maybe this could apply to what you are trying to do here     this movie is just packed with irrefutable evidence against the claim once made by u . s . government that the moon  missions were a success  and that man now are true masters of the universe . things are nearly never quite what they seem . . just watch the movie  and i dear say you  ll see things a bit different than before .   br    br   first off  weather data doesn  t come from nasa  it comes for met agencies around the world . second  the weather data undermines a major claim in the film . third  far from being  packed with irrefutable evidence   the remaining claims in the film have been thoroughly debunked . sibrel thought he had a previously secret piece of film  so he edited it and added his own interpretation . unfortunately for him  his source film is public domain  and the bits sibrel edited out contradict his claims .  
there are so many incorrect statements in this so  called  documentary  that i found myself shouting at the television .  br    br   bart sibrel might be able to produce a flashy looking dvd  but he is sadly lacking at looking at the science behind his claims .  br    br   he relies on either being inaccurate  not telling the full story  or the old favourite  government always lies to us  innuendos  and people believing what is told to them and not checking on the accuracy or details behind the claims .  br    br   what  s more  his  exclusive  or  unreleased  footage is freely available over the internet from various sites .  br    br   further reading about the circumstances regarding the filming of this production shows that he used false pretenses to gain interviews  and has used creative editing of the responses in order to promote his own opinions .  br    br   all of the claims made by mr sibrel about  inaccuracies    mistakes   or  whistleblowing  in the apollo programme have been thoroughly disproven .  br    br   how do i get that    odd minutes of my life back   
i watched this video at a friend  s house . i  m glad i did not waste money buying this one . the video cover has a scene from the     movie capricorn one . the movie starts out with several clips of rocket blow  ups  most not related to manned flight . sibrel  s smoking gun is a short video clip of the astronauts preparing a video broadcast . he edits in his own voice  over instead of letting us listen to what the crew had to say . the video curiously ends with a showing of the zapruder film . his claims about radiation  shielding  star photography  and others lead me to believe is he extremely ignorant or has some sort of ax to grind against nasa  the astronauts  or american in general . his science is bad  and so is this video .  
writer  director bart sibrel bases his work here around a can of film that he says was mistakenly sent to him by nasa . he says it shows the astronauts faking the television footage of their trip to the moon by employing camera tricks . the astronauts were in low earth orbit all the time  and editors on the ground composed this raw footage into just a few seconds of finished film .  br    br   unfortunately sibrel  s research is so slipshod that he doesn  t realize his  backstage  footage is really taken in large part from the    minute live telecast  also on that reel  that was seen by millions  not hidden away in nasa vaults as he implies . and we have to wonder why sibrel puts his own conspiratorial narration over the astronauts  audio in the footage  because hearing the astronauts in their own words clearly spells out that the astronauts were just testing the camera  not faking footage .  br    br   finally  anyone can see the raw footage for themselves without having to buy sibrel  s hacked  up version of it .  he shows you more of the zapruder film of jfk  s assassination than of his  smoking gun  .  sibrel thinks he  s the only one who  s seen it . what  s more revealing is the clips from that raw footage that sibrel chose not to use  such as those clearly showing the appropriately distant earth being eclipsed by the window frames and so forth  destroying his claim that mattes and transparencies were placed in the spacecraft windows to create the illusion of a faraway earth .  br    br   as with most films of this type  sibrel relies on innuendo  inexpert assumption  misleading commentary  and selective quotation to manipulate the viewer into accepting a conclusion for which there is not a shred of actual evidence .  
there is a remark that one of heroines was raped on  drunken rampage  by russian soldiers  which is completely untrue . this movie should not be shown only because of this .  br    br   also there is a statement by someone  that kgb prosecuted  jews  gypsies etc   which is  worse than nazis  . kgb was looking for so called  zionist  agents  who were  kgb believed  imperialist agents . this is totally different from targeting jewry as a whole nation  as nazis did . gypsies were never prosecuted . kgb was political tool and used politically  but from internationalist standpoint . communists really did not distinguish between nationalities .  br    br   whole movie stinks like fake . main hero does not speak russian  signs in berlin contains typographical errors  kgb general looks totally phony . some so called  russian proverbs  are totally made up  and list goes on and on .  br    br   not recommended to watch  this movie is full of lies  and phony stuff . go to  good shepherd  instead .  
i was really looking forward to this show given the quality of the actors and the fact that the scott brothers were involved . unfortunately my hopes were dashed  yet again we are led to believe that the kgb are a group of inept morons who don  t have a clue what they are doing . at one point there is a laughable scene where  kgb agents couldn  t handle one cia agent . i grow weary of these biased  one sided and completely inaccurate portrayals of the spy game that went on during the cold war . i find it laughable that the us is incapable of making objective movies about their involvement in ww  and beyond . just like the pathetic u      where we are led to believe that the us obtained the enigma machine  again  utterly false .  br    br   to its credit   the company  is very well filmed and acted . the locales are also exceptionally well realised . alfred molina puts in a great performance as does keaton  the conflict between them is very well done  . i really wanted to like this show and no doubt i will end up watching the other  episodes but i really wish that us productions would stop trying to portray their spies  servicemen etc as supermen who are vastly intellectually and physically superior to anyone else on the planet . it gets old fast and seriously detracts from the plausibility of what could have been a      .  br    br   s  
i do regret that i have bought this series . i expected more action  more objective picture and more consistency . this is just a pure propaganda series  very dark  without any charm  or romanticism  it is just boredom itself . i find the actors work quite weak as well . o  donnell might seem charming as robin  with batman   but in this picture he lacks any charm . probably while he becomes older  he is loosing his childish charm but does not gain any charm of a grown up . it comes as no surprise  that it was not shown in a lot of countries and is being sold in the uk for    of the recommended price and was not even released in the netherlands .  
proof that not everything tarantino touches turns to gold . this is most definitely plastic  all the way . its easy to see that without quentin  s involvement this would have probably sat on the shelf for years  that  s assuming it would have ever got produced in the first place . it is about a woman with a fascination of death who gets a job cleaning up after crime scenes  angela jones is unconvincing in this role  william baldwin is better as the serial killer who keeps jones in employment  . all in all pretty poor .  
thoughtless  ignorant  ill  conceived  career  killing  where is the talented angela jones now    deeply unfunny garbage . it  s no wonder reb braddock hasn  t directed anything else since  anyone who has a chance to make his first film on his own rules  based on his own script  with the help of quentin tarantino himself  and creates something like this  anyone who feels that this was a story worth telling to the world  doesn  t deserve a second break . under the circumstances  the performances are good  the actors do what they  re told to do  and they do it well . it  s just that they shouldn  t have done it in the first place .  br    br    out of  .  
the idea is nice . bringing so many stars in one movie is great . but . . . . too many stories  too short and lacking really any sense . no connection between the scenes . there were some    brilliant stories . . . but these were out of   . the frame reminded me of  all the invisible children   a movie which i liked a lot . compared to it  however   paris je t  aime  lacks the intriguing short story  which develops  starts and has its end . and it lacks the topic connecting all those  children . i do not find paris enough of a topic to connect   short sketches together . perhaps for people who know paris it is interesting . otherwise  i wouldn  t recommend it . . .  
from it  s uninspiring title to the flat acting performances  curdled is very much an unremarkable film throughout . the film has gained some fans by way of the fact that quentin tarantino  s name is attached to it  and the silly and out of place nod to the rodriguez  tarantino flick  from dusk till dawn  . these things do not make a great movie  however  and this is more than evident all the way through  curdled  . the film suffers from an all too obvious lack of ideas  and it tries to mask this with murders that are meant to be stylish and events that are supposed to be disturbing . the mexican music score that accompanies many of the sequences in the film is obviously meant to be cool  but it  s becomes annoying very quickly especially as aside from the fact that the lead character is mexican  it doesn  t fit with the tone of the movie . the film  s plot is typically offbeat and it follows a gorehound who  because of her obsession with grisly murders  takes a job with a firm that cleans up murder scenes . it sounds boring and it is .  br    br   william baldwin is the only  name  on the cast list  and even he doesn  t make an impression . he hasn  t been given anything to do in the movie and aside from talking to his victims and standing around trying to look menacing  he  s pretty much wasted . angela jones  or rather the taxi driver from pulp fiction  takes the lead role as the murder obsessed young woman  and it is always clear that it  s her involvement with pulp fiction that won her this role  not her acting ability . she may have been good enough in her small role in tarantino  s masterpiece  but she doesn  t have the talent to lead a film by herself . she looks lost and out of place for the majority of the film  and if it weren  t for her latino accent she wouldn  t convince the audience that she  s a weirdo on any level . curdled is a one hundred percent  proof piece of forgettable trash . films like this often win themselves praise for invention or black comedic antics but this one fails on all levels . whether you  re a tarantino fan  william baldwin fan  horror fan or just a movie buff this is one to miss .  
excruciatingly slow  paced  over  scripted black comedy with a too  clever premise and bad acting .  br    br   maybe this would have worked as a twilight zone or tales from the crypt episode  but by the last half  you just want it to get to its predictable ending and be done with it already .  
geordies . . . salt of the earth characters . . . bricklayers . . . beer . . . geordies . . . happy go lucky . . . adventures working abroad . . . salt of the earth characters . . . warm wonderful people . . . tyne bridge  tear in the eye  . . . brown ale . . . salt of the earth characters . . . cute little red indians children in newcastle united tops . . . emetic . . . geordies . . . salt of the earth characters . . .  br    br   etc etc etc . . . .  br    br   please . this is so poor . and you should know better timothy spall . they can  t have paid you that much .  br    br   as for jimmy nail . well the kindest thing that can be said is that he is every bit as good an  actor  as he is a singer and writer . come on jimmy  the joke  s over .  crocodile shoes  and  spender  were very funny  unfortunately i don  t think they were supposed to be . with  auf wiedersehen pet  the opposite applies .  
usually i  m a bit of a fan of the bad eighties  early nineties film featuring now has beens . . . but this film is so incredibly terrible that it was a real endurance test to sit through . guys dressing up as girls has been done to death  but never so pathetically . corey haim  s performance was abysmal as usual  nicole eggert was not much better . this has no redeeming qualities  even if you are a number   fan of an actor  actress in this piece of trash  stay away   
well  here we have yet another role reversal movie . there were many worth watching  despite the tired plot of gender reversal . however  this one is not . in previous reviews  i think i  ve made my point about the general decline of enjoyment for haim movies that followed the late   s . this is one of them .  br    br    just one of the girls  is about a high school kid  corey haim  who tries to avoid his bullies by dressing up as a girl and attending another school . he joins the cheerleading squad and makes friends with fellow cheerleader  marie  nicole eggert  . obviously  he can  t keep up the charade for too much longer .  br    br   i thought this movie was utter crap  and it wasn  t even funny . but  judging by a majority of reviews  it looks like fans of alanis morrisette or teen sex queen  nicole eggert  are the only ones who  d want to watch this . if you  re looking for a good haim feature  or role switching comedy   look no further than     . this is about the point that haim  s career tanked .  
i  d never seen a tarzan movie before so when i saw it on the tele i thought i  d give it a shot . unfortunately i have to say i was disappointed . tarzan was over   years old and somewhat overweight . not how i  d imagined tarzan would look . and  unless i missed it while making myself a cup of tea  tarzan never gave his traditional warbling yell . also missing was tarzan swinging through the trees  leaping from vine to vine .  br    br   oh well  so much for expectations . anyway  jane was there  the monkey cheeta was there . there was some guy with a guitar there . there were villains and good guys and a romance . . . all very harmless and predictable . nothing bad  you understand  but equally nothing good .  br    br   probably not the best movie to introduce tarzan      
last of the johnny weissmuller tarzan films and a good thing too  as this is easily the worst of the   films he made over a period of   years . no mermaids are featured here either as a beautiful island woman tries to escape the clutches of her people  who worship a god and try to force her to be its bride . she finds tarzan and jane  who try to protect her . george zucco is present as a potentially villainous high priest but isn  t used to his full advantage . also on hand and worthy of mention is a hugely annoying guitar player  singer who goes into song every so often . even the  great  robert florey can  t aid this one .  br    br        of four   
the last tarzan film starring johnny weissmuller  looking surprisingly aged a year after  tarzan and the huntress   is bad  in spite of all the trivia one can add to make it look better . it is obvious that rko tried to make a great farewell for weissmuller  shooting in beautiful scenery in mxico  with a top star of that country  andrea palma  and multiple award  winning cinematographer gabriel figueroa  and bringing in prestigious composer dimitri tiomkin to do the score . although it may have cost less for filming abroad  it looks more expensive than any other rko film in the series  taking advantage of acapulco beaches and real pyramids as aquatania  and with impressive dcors for all the scenes related to the temple of god balu  especially the exterior  built on steep rocks .  kurt neumann should have stayed as director  instead of robert florey  who gives it a very slow pace . neumann had done a fine work with  tarzan and the amazons    tarzan and the leopard woman  and  tarzan and the huntress   and finished his career directing the classic  the fly  the year before his death while florey became a television director  after a career of few remarkable films . if weissmuller looks tired  the chimp playing cheeta is not as good as the others  but the worst character is benji  an obnoxious mailman who sings horrendous songs  that have a caribbean air  in a location supposed to be africa and shot in mxico   boring and decidedly of dubious taste  it was a sad farewell to weissmuller  s tarzan .  
the finale of the weissmuller tarzan movies is a rather weak one . there are a few things that derail this film .  br    br   first  tarzan spends much of the film wearing floppy sandals . in my opinion  any footwear on tarzan  whether it be sandals or boots as sometimes portrayed  takes away from the character  which is supposed to be anti  civilization and pro  jungle .  br    br   second  the character of benji  as mentioned in a previous post  totally derails the movie as the comic foil . to me  his character is unnecessary to the film  s plot .  br    br   also  while weissmuller still cuts a commanding figure as tarzan  it  s apparent that he was not in his best shape . although in his later jungle jim movies  his physique had improved somewhat from this film .  br    br   the octopus battle is a terrific idea  but i think it should have been done in an earlier weissmuller film when he was at his physical peak . likewise  the battle  which takes only   seconds tops  would be much more thrilling if it was drawn out to   seconds to  minutes like the classic giant crocodile battle in tarzan and his mate .  br    br   and while brenda joyce as jane and linda christian as mara are overwhelmingly pleasing to the eye  it doesn  t manage to salvage this last weissmuller film  a disappointing ending to a great character run .  
johnny weissmuller  s final film as  king of the jungle   after   years in the role  tarzan and the mermaids  is bound to disappoint all but the most ardent of his fans . at    the ex  olympian  one of hollywood  s most active  party animals   was long past the slim athleticism of his youth  and looked tired  although he was in marginally better condition than in his previous entry  tarzan and the huntress  .  br    br   not only had weissmuller gotten too old for his role johnny sheffield  the quintessential  boy   had grown to manhood  he was a strapping    year old   so he was written out of the script  under the pretext of being  away at school  . brenda joyce  at    was appearing in her fourth of five films as  jane   she would provide the transition when lex barker became the new tarzan  in      s tarzan  s magic fountain  and was still as wholesomely sexy as ever .  br    br   produced by sol lesser  at rko  on a minuscule budget  the cast and crew took advantage of cheaper labor by filming in mexico . while the location gave a decidedly hispanic air to what was supposedly darkest africa  veteran director robert florey utilized the country extensively  incorporating cliff diving and an aztec temple into the story .  br    br   when a young island girl  tyrone power  s future bride  linda christian  is rescued in a jungle river by tarzan  he learns that a local high priest  george zucco  one of filmdom  s most enduring villains  had virtually enslaved the local population  threatening retribution from a living  god  if they don  t do his bidding . the girl had been chosen to become the  god  s  bride  so she fled . faster than you can say  is this a dumb plot or what    the girl is kidnapped by the priest  s henchmen and returned to the island  and tarzan  followed by jane  colorful spanish character  benjy   charmingly played by john laurenz  who sings several tunes   and a government commissioner are off to take on the deity and his priest  poor cheeta is left behind  . after a series of discoveries  the  god  is simply a con man in an aztec mask  working with the priest in milking the island  s rich pearl beds   a bit of brawling action  and comic relief and songs by benjy  everything reaches the expected happy conclusion .  br    br   remarkably  tarzan and the mermaids features a musical score by the brilliant film composer  dimitri tiomkin  and is far better than what you  d expect from this  b  movie   br    br   while the film would provide a less  than  auspicious end to weissmuller  s time in tarzan  s loincloth  he would immediately go on to play jungle jim  a more eloquent variation of the ape man  in khakis   the talent involved lifted the overall product at least a little above the total mess it could have been .  br    br   tarzan was about to get a make over  and become much sexier . . .  
be warned this movie tells lots of love stories without any coherence .  br    br   the only intention of this movie seems to be showing love in many different ways .  br    br   each story has only a few minutes  so there is no development of characters and nearly no plot . just an sketchy idea of a plot . the writer tried to build in turning points that aimed to surprise the viewer . however  that just didn  t work out because you didn  t get to know the characters in before or these  jokes  were just silly .  br    br   this is a movie about love that fails to reach your heart . a dozen times . or even more  i don  t know and i don  t care .  
this movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie i  ve ever seen . and that  s saying a lot  considering i  ve seen such stinkers like demon of paradise  lovers  lane  and bloody murder  which is a close second  . however  i love bad horror movies  and as you can tell from my username  this one really sticks out . at times there  s nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick . as for this film  the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever  especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened  years prior to the rest of the film . the acting is nonexistent  and most of the camera shot are of women  s areas shrink wrapped in spandex . the policeman was the most stone  faced  monotone actor i  ve ever seen . the best  worst part of this movie  however  has to be the murder weapon . a giant safety pin   what were they thinking  who  s the killer  a disgruntled  huggies  employee  i  d have to give this movie an overall zero  but darned if i didn  t have a blast watching it  
want to know the secret to making a slasher film set at a fitness center work  just pad the film out with lovely ladies in super tight workout outfits and have them bump and grind the floor like they are at a gentleman  s club . that  s what the makers of this horrid slasher film did and that little gimmick kept me watching till the bitter end . this is the worst slasher film i have ever seen  but every time i was ready to switch the channel  they  d add another scene with the workout girls and i  d stay put . as a slasher film  killer workout fails in every category i can think of . as a showcase for beautiful girls working out  it is a success . strong recommendation to avoid  unless the thought of half the film being a big ta show appeals to you .  
you know jason  you know freddy  and you know leatherface . now  get ready for the safety pin killer  that  s right  in killer workout  a dumb slasher movie if i  ve ever seen one  the unseen murderer dispatches his  or her   victims with an oversized  novelty safety pin . it is an odd choice to be sure  the kind of thing that deserves an explanation . naturally  the movie never even attempts to clarify where the killer acquired such a thing .  br    br   as the title suggests  an aerobics gym is under siege by a mad killer and everyone is a suspect . in fact  the movie gives so few clues as to the identity of the killer  just about everyone in the movie is a potential murderer until they get killed . and since just about everyone but the killer winds up dead  it  s really just process of elimination .  br    br   oddly  while the entire name cast is killed off  the aerobics classes continue in earnest . in fact  nothing is capable of stopping the dancing . while three men are murdered in the next room  the workout goes on . death isn  t even a factor one character dies  but is still seen prominently in the later workout sessions . director david prior knew what he was doing when named the movie killer workout and not logical workout .  br    br   cop chases  explosive tanning beds  and hundreds of shots of women  s exposed flesh are thrown in for good measure . much like the woman caught in the tanning bed  i felt very uncomfortable by the end of killer workout . finally  thankfully  the end flashed on the screen . what happened next  you got it  shots of the women working out . not even the end of the movie can stop them   br    br    
one two three four five six seven eight and back  haha . this is a must see  first of all to see the work out . there are a lot of work out shown  see those close ups  man you will enjoy it . a few years ago a video clip was surely based on this movie . it  s a slasher but without suspense . the ending is funny too  and the clothes she  s wearing in the wood confronting the copper  jesus  looks like a clown . the killings are mostly done off screen  the blood flows but never too gory . there are a lot of fight scene  s too  and hey  no one got hurt . and what about the weapon to kill  never seen a big one like that  won  t spoil it  you must see it . and being a slasher there  s a lot of ta too . to guess who  s the killer you will be trapped a few times and that  s the best part  but what about the story of the copper in the woods  huh  but still due his cheesiness this one is still one that many would like to have . i  m glad that i have my copy  one of those slasher failures . but man  those clothes and not to mention the hairstyles  if you are in your    s then this is one is back to memory lane .  
big hair  big boobs  bad music and a giant safety pin . . . . . . . these are the words to best describe this terrible movie . i love cheesy horror movies and i  ve seen hundreds . . but this had got to be on of the worst ever made . the plot is paper thin and ridiculous  the acting is an abomination  the script is completely laughable  the best is the end showdown with the cop and how he worked out who the killer is  it  s just so damn terribly written   the clothes are sickening and funny in equal measures  the hair is big  lots of boobs bounce  men wear those cut tee  shirts that show off their stomachs  sickening that men actually wore them    and the music is just synthesiser trash that plays over and over again . . . in almost every scene there is trashy music  boobs and paramedics taking away bodies . . . . and the gym still doesn  t close for bereavement   all joking aside this is a truly bad film whose only charm is to look back on the disaster that was the    s and have a good old laugh at how bad everything was back then .  
this is quite possibly the most retarded    s slasher ever realized  but how can you be harsh on a film that features non  stop images of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exhilarating bodies doing aerobic exercises  taking showers and wandering about in tight gym outfits  prior to being a horror film   aerobicide  is a   minutes promo video to encourage the use of steroids  silicons and other body  stimulating fitness products . if you  d leave out all the footage of hunky boys lifting weights and yummy girls wiggling their butts and racks to insufferable    s tunes  there probably only have about   minutes of story left . plenty of time to improvise a plot about a sadist killer slaughtering young health  freaks with a big safety pin  yeah  . the film opens with an unintentionally hilarious scene of a girl getting fried between an electric sun  bathing device . several years later people turn up dead in the same spa . you don  t really need to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to figure out there  s a link between the murders and the burning incident  now do you  investigating the case are a seemingly braindead police officer  and charles napier look  alike   and a beefcake private detective who gets lucky with the bustiest    s beauty i  ve ever seen  looking through the credits  her name  s dianne copeland apparently  and she didn  t do anything else apart from this turkey and an imbecile troma  movie called  surf nazis must die  . what a wasted opportunity  she may not have been a great actress  but she sure had two other big advantages that would help her move upwards in show business . the amount of gore and the quality of the make  up effects are nothing special  neither . we  re treated to a couple of bizarre stabbings with a pin and some barbecued human flesh . the plot twists near the end are ridiculous and predictable  but by that time nobody is taking the film seriously anymore  anyway .  aerobicide   a . k . a .  killer workout   is recommended in case you want to switch of all your brain functions off for one night  but nevertheless feel like watching a film  it actually would make a terrific double  feature with  death spa  . both films have a lot of sexy and scarcely dressed babes  and both films are pretty dumb .  
what can i say . a kamal hassan movie being horrible . he acts very well  but it is a horrible story  along with horrible direction . in my kind opinion  the director gautham menon must give up directing . there is a lot of tragedy throughout the movie . apart from that  one can just not believe how true were those horrendous crimes . there was no practicality in the movie . gautham is just running out of stories . but both kamal hassan and jyothika act really well . the villains look too ugly  though their performance was not bad . i do not think this is a sunday afternoon movie like padayappa which you can see with the family . you will not get sleep seeing this movie   however  harris jayaraj again did a great job  and that is why i have given this movie  out of   . his song  partha modail nallae  is soulful and soothing . apart from that  great cinematography . on the whole  this is just a bad  bad movie . kamal hassan  i think  should have rejected this movie .  
i had a lot of hopes for this movie and so watched it with a lot of expectations basically because of kamal hassan . he is an amazing actor who has marked his foot steps in the sands of time forever . but this movie proved to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen . after watching this the movie the brutality and violence in tenebra and clockwork orange looks far better .  br    br   the protagonist  raghavan  is a very daring police officer . who is assigned to a investigate brutal serial murders . raghavan efficiently finds the connecting thread in this case and is close to solve the murders and put the psycho killers  two psychologically disturbed but brilliant medical students  behind bars but they escape and again get into a killing spree . finally raghavan kills them both after sparing many innocent lives .  br    br   these two psycho  killers are the ones who are going to keep the audiences from going to the theaters . the murders and sexual harassments and rapes are shown very explicitly  which the movie could have survived without .  br    br   to even imagine that teenagers and kids are going to be watching this movie in the theater and kind of picture it is bound to paint in their minds are certainly not pretty . the director  gautham  should realize that he also has some obligation to the society and his audience . certainly i am never going to the movies looking like gautham  s name on the production list .  
on the way back from imc   san jose  california   all five  mind you  three of us hardcore kamal fans  of us had reached a unanimous verdict vv was solid crap and thanks to the movie we were going to have a pretty screwed up monday . not to mention  we swore to stay off the theatres for the next year .  br    br   i won  t blame kamal here because he sort of dropped a hint in a recent interview with cartoonist madan  on vijay tv  . he said something like   tamizh cinema  la photography  editing  la namba munnera  na maadri screenplay  direction  acting  la innum namba munnera  la   tamil cinema has grown in terms of photography and editing  but we have hardly improved  when it comes to screenplay  direction and acting   . while you  re watching vv  those words ring very true .  br    br   now  here are the   reasons to hate this movie  br    br    . harris jeyaraj  br    br    . harris jeyaraj  br    br    . harris jeyaraj i  m barely holding myself from using expletives here  but fact is hj has mastered the fine knack of screwing up every recent movie of his  remember  anniyan    ghajini   with the jarring cacophony  he bills as background music . the next time i have an eardrum transplant  he  s paying for it .  br    br    . songs neither do the songs help move the movie  s narration spatially  temporally nor do they make you sit up and take notice . the film feels like it  s made of four very long songs with a few scenes thrown in between them .  br    br    . a short gone too far . vv at best is fit to be a short story  not a  hour plus  thriller  . to use a clich here  like the energizer bunny it goes on and on and on only in this case you don  t want it to . the later part of a movie feels like a big drag .  br    br    . kamal  jothika pairing two ice cubes rubbed together could  ve produced more sparks than this lead pairing . there  s no reason you would root for them to make it together . in fact every time they get together in the second half of the movie  they make a good irritant to the narration . hate to say this  but kamalini mukerjhee  s   minute romancing does more than what kamal and jothika achieve in this movie plus  thenali  .  br    br    . kamal haasan  s accent kamal has this pretentious accent that nobody speaks either in india or in the us and it isn  t new either . he  s been doing it since  thoongadae thambi thoongadae  . it  s simply gets on the nerve . imagine what havoc it can cause when his flair for using this strange accent meets shooting on location in the us . he doesn  t leave it at the immigration either  he offers doses of advice to his men  bewildered tn cops from keeranor  sathoor and beyond  in chaste kamanglish   wha we hav here is plain bad police wok    of course with nauseating effect .  br    br    . logic there are a few directors whom you expect to stand up to a certain scale . gautam fails us badly with some crappy performance in the department of common sense . which d . c . p in his senses would meet his love interest on the streets to discuss such matters as committing himself and life after  the scene inside the theatre was so bad  towards the climax we could hear people behind us loudly challenge the hero  s iq .  is he stupid  can  t he just use his siren or lights    on a busy madras road  kamal  the  cop  on  a  police  jeep chases a guy on a bike just like any ordinary dude   .  can  t he just use his gun     the guy on a bike  starts on foot and we have a fully geared kamal in hot pursuit for a considerable amount of time  . i  m not voting in favour of the later  but i  m just trying to explain the mood inside .  br    br    . gore  violence if i wanted to watch women being raped  their throats getting slashed  more women getting raped and thrown into the bushes with excruciating authenticity  i would sit at home and rather watch a  police report  or  kuttram  . the use of excessive violence should go in a way to extend the story  not overwhelm it  somewhere down the line gautum seems confused about what the extensions  rapes  murders  are and what the mainstay  story  is   br    br     . even a double shot espresso couldn  t get the pain out of the head .  
filmatography excellent  nice camera angles  i don  t remember seeing a movie of late  with good close  ups  until this one  . could have avoided gruesome scenes with a soft camera . ny is pictured good . i liked the upside down angles  in particular  a different touch  .  br    br   music not impressive . songs don  t stick around in your mind even after watching the movie . may be  i expected same quality like  anniyan  . a disappointment .  br    br   actors kamal needs to slowly pull away from hard  core action sequences . his age and belly really show up . also  he should avoid close romantic sequences going forward . it was a very awkward to see a mature  aged star still trying to play like a    heroes scenes . love can be expressed at any age as we get older  you still can express love nicely from a distance  without touching a woman too much . for example  the love expressed by rajinikanth in  chandrmukhi   .  br    br   jyotika just appears for the namesake in the movie . not sure why she accepted this . well  that is not my problem  i guess .  br    br   others just have a small presence .  br    br   direction i expected gautham to excel  or measure  up  to his other movie  kakka kakka  . he disappointmented me . it took a long time to release the movie due to various issues . he slips in few scenes . even abvious things got slipped from a famous director .  br    br   overall just a okay movie . too much graphics . definitely not for kids  and adults who expect some kind of  entertainment   .  br    br   thx  
based upon the recommendation of a friend  my wife and i invited another couple to this film . i really apologized to them   all  of us hated it and spent the whole time looking at our watches waiting for the film to finally end . half the vignettes are bizarre  with very little entertainment value . there were few scenes of paris   for example  i was looking forward to seeing some pictures of the latin quarter  but i couldn  t really recognize anything . most of the scene was inside a bar . no one in the theater laughed at anything  or reacted in any way . if you like bizarre  pretentious  pseudo  intellectual films  don  t miss this . if you are down to earth like me  you will be sorry you saw it .  
i pity people calling kamal hassan  ulaganaayakan  maybe for them ulagam is tollywood  comeon guys . . this movie is a thriller without thrill . .  br    br   come out of your ulagam and just watch some high class thrillers like the usual suspects or even the silence of the lambs .  br    br   technically good but style over substance kamal doesn  t look like a police officer  there is no thrill whatsoever dragging and boring till end you might be saving  valuable hrs of your life if u skip watching this movie .  br    br   kamal at his best is the best in tollywood  
it  s  the f . b . i .  starring reed hadley  with an all  star guest cast  the film begins with an accidental  convenient   kidnapping  which leads to one thing  and another  which doesn  t really indicate the main story  which is a  big house  u . s . a .  prison break story . the story is very improbable  to say the least . it  s like a tv show  only more  violent   for the times  .  br    br   but  the cast is a trip  picture this ralph meeker is sent to prison his cell  mates are the following criminals broderick crawford  lon chaney jr .  charles bronson  reading a  muscle  magazine    and william talman  reading a  detective  magazine   . honest  you should know that  an early scene reveals what happens to the  missing  boy  answering the ending  voiceover .  if you don  t want to have that hanging  don  t miss the opening scenes between the  iceman  and the boy  peter votrian doing well as a runaway asthmatic  .  br    br    big house  u . s . a .       howard w . koch  broderick crawford  ralph meeker  reed hadley  
i am definitely a burt reynolds fan  but sorry  this one really stinks . most of the dialogue is laughable and the only interesting plot twist is in the last five minutes of the movie . i can  t believe he even made this one . is he actually that hard up for money   
the movie was not a waste except for some boring scenes in between . but the women cast gave a pretty good show than the males who were laughable .  br    br   but krista allen really rocked in the movie . her voice was so seducing and sexy . the scenes in the bed involving krista should have shortened but she made it so watchable and sexier than any one could do . krista really is one of the best in such roles . she also enacted quiet well as the baddie in the last  minutes  which is the interesting part of the movie .  br    br   burt reynolds was not that good and this was not his best as an action star . he could have chosen a better script than this . ireally think he did for money .  
a very tired looking burt reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non  heroes plan to sell to  the iranians .  low  rent video nonsense by the producers of  silk stalkings  offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged  drama  . . . a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects  although the final twists and allegiance shifts could  ve been a nifty end to a better movie . burt still has presence  although it also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly half  baked  one  liners  .  
about three minutes into this thing i started fast  forwarding  pausing only during the nudity  why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women   . in ten minutes i was done  and wishing i could get my money back from the rental store . the people who write these movies should be sanctioned by the mpaa . come on writers  the bad guys always get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy  s remote control  that  s the way its been done since the days of the ottoman empire  also  to add insult to injury  the  twist  at the end was so formulaic  that it could have come from any action movie written in the past   years . burt reynolds was fine  but he should concentrate on real movies .  br    br   this movie is just a waste of time  run away  run away   
i am a big      s movie fan and will watch most anything that i see on turner classic movies thats new for me . so i gave this a shot  after all it  s the great harold lloyd who rivaled chaplin as a great silent film comedian . i have watched much less of lloyd  s silent films then of chaplins but i have to say i  m a much bigger chaplin fan . anyway this film fell so flat for me that i didn  t finish it . i can understand why his sound career was so limited  he didn  t get very good material to work with . after you  ve seen chaplin  abbott and costello  the three stooges  martin and lewis  the marx brothers  and laurel and hardy do boxing spoofs  or violence in general   this one is very forgettable . i was also interested in watching adolphe menjou as i really enjoyed him in paths of glory but his role here also did nothing special for me . maybe they should have gotten into the boxing sooner because at least half the film  at least it seemed that way  is before he gets in a ring . i can tell there are a lot of lloyd fans here and this wont be a popular review but i must rate this as compared to what else was out there at the time   out of   . don  t watch this with anyone your trying to get to like old movies as they may not watch another one with you again  very flat . for an alternative to anyone who really liked this or is looking for more little known comedies in general i recommend  kelly the second  made a few years earlier  another nobody becomes a boxer comedy with patsy kelly and in a supporting role charles chase . these have both been shown on the turner classic movies channel .  
don  t get fooled with all the big names like burt reynolds  james woods and anne archer . they are just glorified extra  s . their scenes were probably filmed in one day or so . whatever their motives for being in this movie  if you have an actor like james woods you better make good use of him . to me this is a sign of bad direction through and through . the plot itself wasn  t that bad . and the acting from most of the actors was above average . cuba gooding jr . however was terrible . he was so unbelievable that i almost laughed at his dramatic scenes . and since this was meant as a serious movie that can  t be a good thing . the action scenes were not bad  but they lacked that special punch to make it more exciting . again better direction was needed . also the pacing was wrong for a movie like this . it took the main character almost half an hour to get in action . for an action thriller of only   minutes that is far too slow . the only redeeming factor is angie harmon . she does her best to make it all work . too bad the director left her hanging . yes  this movie could have been much better with a great director . andy cheng is far too inexperienced as a director to pull it off . and for an action  stunt coordinator of his caliber you  d expect at least more exciting action scenes . don  t waste your time with this one . avoid   
this movie had some great actors in it  unfortunately they had forgotten how to act . i was hoping the movie would get better as it went along but the acting was so robotic it was doomed from the very start . it actually appeared that maybe the actors were reading from a script the whole time . maybe it was the musical score or the director himself  but one thing is for sure the make  up artist needs to get another job  the facial powder was so thick you could see it caked on the actors faces  would not recommend this movie to anyone  no wonder it never hit the theaters . cuba gooding jr .  james woods shame on you guys for not giving it your all . the plot was great just needed a whole lot more .  
an ensemble of uninteresting and unlikeable characters twist and turn their way through a flimsy plot that might be interesting  if only you could bring yourself to care . this  twisting and turning  i speak of refers not to the story  which contains all the suspense of a recipe for tuna casserole  but to the director  s inability to keep the characters  faces even remotely centered in the frame . on the other hand  angie harmon has very nice nostrils and left ear .  br    br   the only real surprise in the movie is the big names they convinced to do it . when you consider this movie was never released in theaters despite having an all  star cast  you might be inclined to think something stinks .  br    br   and indeed  it does .  
i saw  paris je t  aime  because a friend really wanted to see it so i went along with him . going in  i was indifferent about the film but leaving the theater i really regretted wasting  hours of my life sitting through this tepid production . the  stories  are almost completely forgettable except for the fact that most of them were awful . what do gena rowlands and ben gazzara have to do with paris  the endless parade of american actors most definitely gave this french film a remarkably non  french feel . the clichs about paris were endless . yes  most of them were playing with clichs about paris but by spending so much time making fun of french clichs  they directly and regrettably promoted them once more . yes  paris is the city of love . we get it .  br    br   the worst segments were the one directed by wes craven  oscar wilde   the one with nick nolte the mime one  the worst    the hair products one the one with juliette binoche  willem dafoe as a cowboy in the middle of paris    the vampire one  when i think of paris i think of elijah wood  . the one with natalie portman  which really looked like a mentos commercial and it was stupid  the blind young man should know portman was just playing a part when she called him  . on and on it went . it felt endless .  br    br   i didn  t like the coen bros one as well . it really plays with those parisien clichs but i didn  t find it funny . just annoying . the gus van sant one was interesting but it was so slight  and the punchline was obvious  that it barely registered .  br    br   there were only two  successful  segments and they were the one about the immigrant nanny who leaves her baby at a kindergarten only to babysit a baby for a rich woman . nice irony there . and the segment about the african who is stabbed . it  s the best segment in the whole film but this segment has nothing to do with paris . the story could have taken place in any city around the world .  br    br   the last segment  the one with the chubby middle aged woman was sorta interesting too but the underlying tone was bad . they wanted to celebrate her limited grasp of french but the segment came off as being condescending .  br    br   the whole project felt forced and uninspired . almost like the french government sponsored this film to promote tourism . all in all  with only about   to   minutes of interesting stuff   paris je t  aime  was an awful cinematic experience .  
flat characters that you do not and never will care about . cringe  inducing dialogue at places . no twists  they think they have one  but if you didn  t figure it out after about   mins you  re not too bright  . lots of well know actors in roles and performances that  fortunately for everyone involved  will be forgotten as soon as the end credits roll .  br    br   i don  t mind  slow  movies  but they  ve got to be going  somewhere  . this one doesn  t .  br    br   the plot wasn  t what made this a direct  to  dvd movie  that  s just a rather convenient excuse to try and drum up some fake controversy .  br    br   the as  of  writing      ten     ratings must be from people involved with the production .  
mst     should do this movie . it is the worst acted movie i have ever seen . first of all  you find out that the shooter has no bank account and no history since leaving the army in     and pays his rent in cash . there is no way in hell that a person like that would ever be allowed to be that close to a president not to mention a high profile job . also  the head of security for the pothus would not be so emotional that he would start drinking into a haze if the president was shot . this movie sucked . i cannot express the extremite that this movie was . every single actor was terrible . even the chick at the trailer park . i crap on this garbage . what a waste of time .  
it had all the clichs of movies of this type and no substance . the plot went nowhere and at the end of the movie i felt like a sucker for watching it . the production was good however  the script and acting were b  movie quality . the casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors . the good actors didn  t hold their own nor did they lift up the others .  br    br   this movie is not worthy of more words  but i will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines . james wood and cuba gooding  jr . play caricatures of themselves in other movies .  br    br   if you are looking for mindless entertainment  i still wouldn  t recommend this movie .  
this movie was like a bad indie with a  list talent . the plot was silly  all the way to the end . it reminded me very much of something churned out for the home video market in the      s . i would have given it a one  but there were brief moments when you could see the actors really really straining to make this worthwhile . i think the worst thing was the underwater scene  s held off of the dock . the underwater lighting seemed to come from no were  and whenever someone we were supposed to care about was close to running out of air  this air tank would kind of appear . i would avoid this  unless there is nothing else on the shelf . good day .  
this ranks as one of the worst movies i  ve seen in years . besides cuba and angie  the acting is actually embarrassing . wasn  t archer once a decent actress  what happened to her  the action is decent but completely implausible . the make up is so bad it  s worth mentioning . i mean  who ever even thinks about the makeup in a contemporary feature film . someone should tell the make up artist  and the dop that you  re not supposed to actually see it . the ending is a massive disappointment  along the lines of  and then they realized it was all a dream   br    br   don  t waste your time or your money . you  re better off just staring into space for  hours .  
you have to figure that when the star  s name is listed wrong in the opening credits  you are not in for a good time  the credit reads  cuba gooding  j . r .   . some nice car chase  shoot  em up  blow  em up action if all you want is action  because the relationship to what plot exists is tenuous at best  and completely unbelievable . the motivations of the characters  especially that of gooding  s at the end  are worse then unbelievable  they are irrational when they are not hopelessly muddled . all i can think is that andy cheng must be a really nice guy to get this many good actors into this foul a project  he can  t have something on all of them  can he   .  
camera work  why is the camera work in this movie so jumpy  this is annoying and distracting . editing  the flashes of the still pictures were way too short . many of the other scenes were too short also . just flashes . sound  the background music was way too loud and covered up the voices . one should not have to rewind and replay to catch what was said . doesn  t anybody check these things and make them do it over again . please reduce the volume of the background music in future . is adjustment of the relative sound levels the job of the editor  julia wong  the plot had way too many loose ends . the basic story line had potential . i think the film needed more work . was it rushed  perhaps they ran out of money . like a lot of movies  it started out great but just petered out toward the end . i really don  t understand this  you know you have the story board before it goes into production so why doesn  t all the loose ends get taken care of in the storyboard .  br    br   sorry to be so critical .  
i rented end game  having never heard of it  but i  m fond of political thrillers so i thought i  d give it a shot . after doing some research on the movie  i found that it had initially been intended for theatrical release  but instead had gone strait to dvd . after seeing it  i  m thinking   no wonder .  the movie is shocking in its unoriginality . the plot and the characters are perfunctory . i figured out whodunnit by the half way mark but the ending was a curve ball . i have to say  i didn  t expect it to end quite the way it did  but that  s not a point in its favor . the more predictable ending would have been preferable to one that is so bad . perhaps the film makers saw how predictable the film was and so they decided to throw in a twist   even one that made the movie even worse .  br    br   stay away . i want the   .   and my    minutes back .  
this movie looked good  good cast  evergreen topic and an explosive opening . it went downhill from there . why was it filmed by hand held camera  it shakes  judders  part captures scenes and simply confuses the viewer . a poor choice indeed . as if this was not enough  the worst edit in memory assumes a drugged viewer  mandatory if you want to get any enjoyment from it at all . and then it commits the worst sin of all . after leading the viewer down all sorts of unlikely and implausible scenarios to the point of exhaustion  they roll credits without revealing the denouement  the ending  the payoff  like what the heck was the motive  how can you expect to succeed by making thrillers without an ending  doh  this movie had great promise and ending up doing a face plant in the mud . what a waste of effort . poor effort by writer and director .  
i didn  t expect a movie as good as  in the line of fire  or an episode of      but it looked like this movie was made for tv and did a mediocre job at best . the  good  cast couldn  t disguise the fact that the plot was all too predictable and actors had to struggle  they really try their best i think  through their lines of bad script  giving their rather flat characters any extras . when i watched the movie i got the feeling that i had seen most of this in other  better  movies . in it you had car chases  big shootouts  romance  plot twists etc . etc this movie has none .  br    br    spoiler as soon as you see another woman talking into the phone to cuba  s character  you know who  s behind all this and all the hints you  re being given   you stand too close to the president  see it from my perspective . .   sound silly .  br    br   if it were up to me  and maybe it  s a good thing that it isn  t  i would rewrite the plot like this  br    br   first lady orders the murder of her husband because she is sick and tired of writing checks to cuba all the time .  
only a handful of the segments are engaging here . a segment with a garage attendant from nigeria is heartbreaking . one with fanny ardent  bob hoskins makes its point  twist by twist until the final shot overplays things .  br    br   the problem with this movie is that only a few of the clips invoke paris . the others are so scatter  shot in theme  tone  volition  production that you may as well be watching  the years best commercials      .  it  s really all over the place . it doesn  t develop over it  s running time  and nothing reigns the directors in . no construct successfully joins the pieces . . . tedium sets in . i  m at the one hour  twenty minute point and elijah wood is in some dumb  over  commercial  overproduced vampire shtick . it has about as much to do with paris as old ladies knitting in the antartic . fantasy shows up i think first in the coen brothers segment  uh  thanks j  e for ruining another movie  and then makes way too many appearances . the point of being in paris is that you don  t need make  believe crap to make your days extraordinary . why divide it by neighborhood if quartier de la madeleine is equated with vampires for some loser director  has there ever been a genre more over  represented than the vampire film . every three years we get the same lame vampire clichs .  br    br   making things worse is that the switch from segment to segment is pretty artless . the transitions get lost . this doesn  t feel intentional  it feels sloppy .  
spoilers ahead  br    br   this is one of the worst movies ever made  it  s that simple . there is not one redeeming quality about this movie . the first   minutes are quite tricky  they actually lead you to believe that this film will be shocking and will have you on the edge of your seat . instead  you will spend   minutes punching yourself while watching stolen and poorly made scenes run without any organization . the lake was ridiculous  looked like an aquarium  and had the same plant in different parts of the lake bed . characters show their advanced teleportation powers  for example alex thomas who falls into the lake  drunk   and then ends up on his boat in an impossible position . angie harmon put up a pitiful performance as kate  made worse by the space  time continuum rupturing dialog that appears to have been written at the last minute by a fifth grader . an example of this would be when she said   flashlight   in such a stupid manner that it shows the threshold of how much a human body can cringe before it snaps in half . finally  the editing of this movie was by far the most bizarre and horrific that i have ever seen . it was like the cameramen were a bunch of chimps who had been given camcorders by scientists . an example of this would be when we suddenly get a closeup of the headlight on alex  s car . i would bet that there was little to no time spent editing this movie . the ending was absolutely pathetic . the writers were obviously trying to create some sort of mysterious plot line that made the viewer say   oh yeah   instead  we  re left to view some dumb painting of a spider that somehow fits into the story line . unfortunately  there is not one perspective in the millions out there that could save this movie from being a festering piece of crap .  br    br   i give this a .  out of    the .  being from the fact that this movie was recorded on film instead of becoming a picture book .  
how unfortunate  to have so many of my  a  list  and good  b  list actors agree to do this movie  but they did  and that is what sucked me into watching it . i had never heard of this movie  but there was cuba gooding jr . right on the dvd cover  and james woods in the background how bad can it be  in a word very  this movie starts o . k . has some twists and turns  then just lays an egg . the ending was so weak  it was as if the writer got called away and his  year old son sat down at the type writer and hacked out the ending . how ironic a for a movie titled  the end game  to have such a poor one . these are the types of movies that can move  a  list actors to the  b  list in hurry . i hope cuba gooding jr  and james woods don  t make a habit of this .  
so i  m looking to rent a dvd and i come across this movie called  end game  . it stars james woods and cuba gooding jr and has the synopsis of a taught political thriller . well worth a look then . or so i thought .  br    br   boy  was i wrong .  br    br   end game has just about the most ridiculous plot i have ever had the displeasure of enduring . now being something of a whodunnit  i can  t really tear into it as i would like without  ruining  it for those who have yet to experience this monstrosity . but questions such as  why has he  she  they done this    and  where on earth did they get the resources to pull this off   are all too abundant following the film  s unintentionally hilarious conclusion .  br    br   as for the acting  you know those films where you can almost feel that an actor  s realised that they  ve made a terrible mistake in signing on for a movie  and this then shows in their performance  this is one of those . accompany this with a laughable script and seriously flawed  irritating direction and you have the recipe for cinematic poison .  br    br   of course  this didn  t make it to the cinema  and for the same reason you should not allow it into your living room it is appalling .  
some guy gets whacked . right out in plain sight this other guy shoots him . he  s got some bodyguards and they whack the killer  but a reporter gets interested . she goes to the hospital where they took the guy who got whacked . she walks in  and corners one bodyguard  but he doesn  t feel like talking . i can  t figure out why . it  s not like anyone else is interested . she  s the only reporter there . anyway  her editor discourages her from working on this lame story . but hey  she does anyway . she goes to see the killer  s sister  mom . a few minutes after she leaves they get whacked big time   somebody blows up their trailer   huge ball of fire . then she searches out the bodyguard from the hospital . she finds him hungover on his boat  but a minute later they  re both underwater sucking on a scuba tank  cause three guys are trying to whack them  and have blown up the boat big time   huge ball of fire  . the reporter and the bodyguard whack two of the guys who are trying to whack them .  br    br   in the course of the next hour another guy gets whacked crossing the street  there  s a shootout with several stiffs in a warehouse  some car chases with wreckage  death  a fake suicide  etc . etc . lotsa stiffs  all kindsa carnage .  br    br   great stuff  but what the reporter and the bodyguard can  t figure is why in hell the original guy got whacked . what  s the motivation  of course  it might help us to figure out why the reporter  s even interested . through almost all of this she  s the only reporter on the story . nobody else in the media cares . not even with all the big fireballs and dead bodies . true  the original guy who got whacked wasn  t exactly a celebrity . his job was a little bit dull . he was just the president . yeah  the one who lives in the white house . oh  and the bodyguard is a secret service agent .  br    br   is that the spoiler   br    br   it should be . after all there are no tv cameras  no other print reporters  no bloggers . . . just another one of those police blotter crimes . . .  br    br   so what  s the spoiler   br    br   lemme think . . .  br    br   no  wait  the spoiler is that his wife did it  yeah . . . the first lady . she was p    ed because the president was fooling around . and she gets away with it . she  s really sharp  huh  but how the hell could anybody ever figure that out  why would anyone bother  after all  only one reporter is even interested .  br    br   i give this move a    . it was so dumb i just had to keep watching . and it only got dumber  that  s the real spoiler  but even though i  ve told you  you  ve got to see it to believe it   
this movie was craptacular . i was so emotionally uninvolved in every single character that the movies  biggest antagonist was  in fact  myself . i played it beautifully throughout promising myself i would walk away  but only drinking another beer hoping it would auto  magically transform into something engrossing along the way . even in this state  i couldn  t help but notice that cuba  s acting was as flimsy as tracing paper . his obsessive dedication to his job was unconvincingly done as well as his one night binge after the failure of his own idiot standards . burt came on the screen as a general  that  s right  a general  who wears too much makeup  . i fell into a frighteningly fast binge to rival cuba  s  except mine was real and i stubbed my toe . recompense  recompense my stubbed toe   
predictable  hackneyed  poorly written . foolishly i reasoned such a prominent cast would not be involved unless it had merit . i guess competition amongst actors is so intense these days  and will only get worse  that one cannot pick and choose much any more . early on we were given an inkling who was was instrumental in the assassination and we had it rammed down our throats ever since . the movie lacked intrigue  giving us little insight into the victim and only one possible motive for the murder . some of the discourse was  frankly  embarrassing  it  s hard to believe anyone would even consider  let alone commit to  the spending of tens of millions of dollars to make this tripe .  
please  help the economy  spend your money elsewhere  the synopsis of the movie is the first lady has her husband assassinated because he was cheating on her . that  s it . undetected by anyone  except cuba and angie  she designs and implements a vast assassination conspiracy which no one knows about . . . and gets away completely free .  br    br   some specific points are particularly hilarious while standing in front of the president  cuba a deflects the assassin  s bullet . . . which then enters the back of the president  s head .  br    br   cuba and angie watch film from a news camera  and they see . . . a clue . they go to great lengths to protect the film  believing that they are the only people that have a copy of this very public film .  br    br   cuba speaks with a presidential staff member . the psm comments that there was no conspiracy . cuba claims there was more than one person involved . the psm then rants that the conspiracy includes the fbi  the cia  and the nsa . gosh  i wonder is the psm is involved .  br    br   ms archer  the first lady  is a craptacular artist . cuba can  t make out a painting  and she says   you  re too close . . . stand back . . . look from a different perspective  look from my perspective .  can anyone miss that clue   
end game started well  the least said about the end the better . it seemed like things we  re happening just to keep the plot going  for example the reporter who at first is a very inquisitive  intelligent person  half way through does something really stupid and totally out of character  we are given no reason for this apart from  the next scene wouldn  t make sense without it . the whole story could have been told in about   minutes  it would have made an average tv political drama the brilliant cuba gooding jr . is very watchable however and james woods does an admirable job considering .  br    br   the end game was honestly one of the worst films i  ve ever seen . . . . . . and that  s saying something  i  ve seen gigli .  
i spent almost two hours watching a movie that i thought  with all the good actors in it  would be worth watching . i couldn  t believe it when the movie ended and i had absolutely no idea what had happened . . . . . i was mad because i could have used that time doing something else . . . . i tried to figure it all out  but really had no clue . thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it . . . . right or wrong  it  s better than not knowing anything   who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away  how did first lady know that her husband was cheating on her  at the end of the movie kate said she would eventually find out the truth . does this mean that we  re going to be subjected to end game    
cuba gooding jr . is a secret service agent who blames himself over the assassination of the u . s . president  i  ll point out straight away that this is not the type of role that this very talented actor is noted for  and this film shows us why . he teams up with a persistent news reporter  angie harmon  to uncover the conspiracy surrounding the president  s death  and so on  blah  blah  blah .  br    br   even with a cast of james woods  cuba gooding jr  anne archer and angie harmon  end game  fails to grab your attention  plain and simple some of the action is good  the acting isn  t all bad and the story although clichd and done before could have lead to an entertaining and enjoyable movie  well it doesn  t  the writing of the script and the direction makes absolutely sure of that  at no point does it suck you into the story or make you give the slightest thought to any of the characters .  br    br       it  s boring  predictable and dull .  
my wife and i just finished this movie and i came onto to imdb to commiserate with the reviewers that found this movie less than satisfactory . however  of the   pages of reviews  only a handful are negative . i feel that this movie is a great concept gone horribly awry and i want to warn those who are looking to watch the movie into the future .  br    br   i admit  i  m more inspired to write reviews when i don  t like a movie than as to when i do  so my handful of reviews are all negative . still  that doesn  t mean i  m biased towards not enjoying a movie  but i often find more eloquent reviews of movies i do enjoy .  br    br   paris je t  aime is the most pretentious movie i  ve seen in years . by using an  intelligent  concept and attaching some big talent to a couple of the way to many short stories  the movie ends up the worst of all worlds . it is art for arts sake  but something that a  year old could dream up and accomplish . giving the director free reign of  minutes of screen time proves why there is a division of labor even in entertainment . directors can  t write  writers can  t direct .  i  d like to throw in also that clint eastwood is overrated  but that is because he  s an actor turn director which rarely works  either  .  br    br   what ends up on the screen is a garbled mess of short stories that don  t make any sense  are not completed in  minutes and in total  spoil paris to me . why call it paris je t  aime when a more apropos title is cluster fck  there are only a couple stories that are watchable  most notably the piece by alfonso cuarn  but everything else will fall into obscurity . the coen brothers short is passable  but can you name a movie of theirs that does not contain a scene with a pick guitar  it  s as if all the directors decided on doing whatever it is they want to do and chose paris as the place to do it . as we all love paris  present company included  we are blinded by the fact that this movie sucks . in fact  i think they put the directors names on each of the shorts because directors saw how poor of a film this is and decided to make sure they were blamed only for their  minutes . seriously . seriously .  br    br   people  natalie portman is not a good actress . she is is not a pixie dream girl waiting to be yours . and maggie gyllenhaal  why    are you people acting or just regurgitating performances from other movies  i  m looking at you natalie portman  garden state  closer   elijah wood  sin city  and catalina sandino moreno  maria full of grace  .  br    br   one final comment on the acting i give double kudos to nick nolte for acting and looking more humane than you have in ages or perhaps ever will again . find his short on youtube as his  minutes are quite enjoyable .  br    br   writing short stories is very difficult and only a handful of authors have gotten it right . i  m thinking of ernst hemingway  raymond carver  f . scott fitzgerald  and john cheever  just to name a few . it is much harder than writing a full novel and only the truly talented can accomplish this . the same can be said about short films . it appears that only one director will live on in the annals of history .  br    br   if you uphold paris as a gem to be discovered and reflected through your own lenses with your own story  then don  t expect to enjoy this movie at all . the directors either didn  t care or were lazy . in either scenario  by the time you are reading this it means you rented it . praise be that you didn  t pay   dollars a head in theaters for it .  
i guess its possible that i  ve seen worse movies  but this one is a real stinker  the plot is unremarkable but thats not the worst of it . the directing is no where close to what you would expect from andy ching . he  s capable of good work but failed to pull this movie together .  br    br   angie harmon  playing the female lead as a reporter dogging into who  s behind the assassination of the president  truly butchered the role . there was no chemistry with gooding  her demeanor was flat and wooden  and the  inch spike heels she wore throughout the movie were absurd . this outing for harmon places her solidly at the bottom of the  b  list .  br    br   and what was cuba gooding thinking    he has to his credit a number of outstanding performances  but this was far beneath what we  ve come to expect from him .  br    br   poor james woods and burt reynolds . poor poor poor poor poor .  
i argued with myself whether to rent this or not . i  m always afraid of renting something i  ve never heard of  don  t remember this being in theaters  . great cast . . . that  s what tipped the scales .   minutes in  i almost stopped watching it . the first few minutes are fun to watch  but unbelievable . it only gets worse after that . the writers of this movie could do a little research on future projects if they want to make their movies even a little better . or they could just try writing something just a little bit believable . i give it a  . . . . a  for the writing  only because there are words  and a  for being able to get so many good actors to agree to do this movie despite having to read the script . oh my god this movie sucks .  
poor ingrid suffered and suffered once she went off to italy  tired of the hollywood glamor treatment . first it was suffering the torments of a volcanic island in stromboli  an arty failure that would have killed the career of a less resilient actress . and now it  s europa    another tedious exercise in soggy sentiment .  br    br   nor does the story do much for alexander knox  in another thankless role as her long  suffering husband who tries to comfort her after the suicidal death of their young son . at least this one has better production values and a more coherent script than stromboli .  br    br   bergman is still attractive here  but moving toward a more matronly appearance as a rich society woman . she  s never able to cope over the sudden loss of her son  despite attempts by a kindly male friend .  sometimes i think i  m going out of my mind   she tells her husband . a portentous statement in a film that is totally without humor or grace  but it does give us a sense of where the story is going .  br    br   bergman is soon motivated to help the poor in post  war rome  but being a social worker with poor children doesn  t improve her emotional health and from thereon the plot takes a turn for the worse .  br    br   the film  s overall effect is that it  s not sufficiently interesting to make into a project for a major star like bergman . the film loses pace midway through the story as bergman becomes more and more distraught and her husband suspects that she  s two  timing him . the story goes downhill from there after she nurses a street  walker through her terminal illness . the final thread of plot has her husband needing to place her for observation in a mental asylum .  br    br   ingrid suffers nobly through it all  over  compensating for the loss of her son  but it  s no use . not one of her best flicks  to put it mildly .  br    br   trivia note if she wanted neo  realism with mental illness  she might have been better off accepting the lead in the snake pit when it was offered to her by director anatole litvak   it would have done more for her career than europa   .  br    br   summing up another bleak indiscretion of rossellini and bergman .  
maybe it  s the dubbing  or maybe it  s the endless scenes of people crying  moaning or otherwise carrying on  but i found europa    to be one of the most overwrought  and therefore annoying  films i  ve ever seen . the film starts out promisingly if familiarly  as mom ingrid bergman is too busy to spend time with her spoiled brat of a son  sandro franchina  . whilst mummy and daddy  bland alexander knox  entertain their guests at a dinner party  the youngster tries to kill himself  setting in motion a life changing series of events that find bergman spending time showering compassion on the poor and needy . spurred on by communist newspaper editor andrea  ettore giannini   she soon spends more time with the downtrodden than she does with her husband  who soon locks her up in an insane asylum for her troubles . bergman plays the saint role to the hilt  echoing her     role as joan of arc  and rossellini does a fantastic job of lighting and filming her to best effect . unfortunately  the script pounds its point home with ham  fisted subtlety  as andrea and mom take turns declaiming marxist and christian platitudes . by the final tear soaked scene  i had had more than my fill of these tiresome characters . a real step down for rossellini as he stepped away from neo  realism and further embraced the mythical and mystical themes of      s flowers of st . francis .  
i checked this movie out based on a favorable review on this page . it is slow moving and the payoff is a four star dud . . the only mystery here is how oscar winner f . murray abraham got involved with such a lousy script   
 . . . ok i have read about this film somewhere in the internet  and many criticized on how bad and sucks this film was . and i couldn  t have been more agree about it . then after that i saw this film on dvd  i was thinking twice about this and then came commercial of this film on tv . luckily i spared my money for this pieces of crap . i was sacrificed my sleeps for this film and soon it turned out that this film couldn  t make me satisfy . so i can  t be judging on how the film was made  but anyway . . . it still sucks . as for those who liked this film  i would apologize for flaming this film and telling on how sucks this film is . i don  t know what do you think about this film   
on the surface  this movie would appear to deal with the psychological process called individuation  that is how to become a true self by embracing the so  called  dark  side of human nature . thus  we have the darkling  a classic shadowy devilish creature desperately seeking the company  that is  recognition  of men  and the story revolves around the various ways in which this need is handled  more or less successfully .  br    br   however  if we dig a little deeper  we find that what this movie is actually about is how you should relate to your car like you would to any other person  in the opening scene  the main character  male car mechanic fallen from grace  is collecting bits and pieces from car wrecks with his daughter  when a car wreck nearly smashes the little girl . lesson    cars are persons embodied with immortal souls  and stealing from car wrecks is identical with grave robbery . the wicked have disturbed the dead and must be punished .  just after that  another character  rubin  buys a car wreck intending to repair it and sell it as a once  lost  now  found famous race  car and is warned by the salesman . lesson    just like any other person  a car has a unique identity that cannot be altered nor replaced . in addition  there is the twist that rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people would just think of as junk  but eventually that quality turns out to be a projection of rubin  s own personal greed for more profit . lesson    thou shalt never treat thy car as a means only  but always as an end in itself .  then we have the scene where the main character is introduced to rubin and  more importantly  rubin  s car the main character  s assessment of the car  s qualities is not just based on its outer appearance  but also by a thorough look inside the engine room . lesson    a car is not just to be judged by its looks  it is what is inside that really counts . there is punishment in store for those who do not keep this lesson in mind  as we see in the scene where another man tries to sell rubin a fake collector  s car . this scene by the way also underlines the importance of lesson   .  br    br   there are numerous other examples in the movie of the  carperson   theme  and i am too tired now to bother citing all of them  but the point remains  and i guess this is what i  m really trying to say  that this movie is fun to watch if you have absolutely nothing else to do  or  if you  re a car devotee .  
first of all i thought it was naughty of them to say in the credits that the story and screenplay were by preston sturges . sturges was one of the better hollywood screenwriters until his talent faded and he retired . however  it wasn  t the preston sturges  it was preston sturges  jr . the story was essentially based on robert louis stevenson  s short story  the bottle imp  . a good man comes into possession of an evil object that will grant him any wish but which will ultimately doom him to hell . that  s fine . nobody said screenwriters had to be original . the actors are generally pretty competent given the mediocre writing that they had to translate onto the screen . my biggest complaint comes with the ending . the hero thinks he has discovered a way out of his dilemma but tries to solve the problem in a somewhat different way in an attempt to save an innocent person . at first this seems to have worked but true to the code of the modern horror film  they feel they have to provide one last dollop of horror at the very end of the film . this is a stupid convention . the older horror films got along just fine with allowing the hero to win out at the end . there is nothing wrong with good triumphing over evil no matter what the current crop of film makers seems to think . you can give the audience a good healthy scare and still make them feel happy at the end . in fact  i think it  s preferable .  
the darkling was a very interesting and entertaining film while f . murray abraham was in it . spoilers about halfway through  f . murray gets zapped  because the darkling is some kind of demon  like creature who enjoys living vicariously . he takes bums and losers and perverts them further while giving them all they want in terms of success . he feeds from their enjoyment of the seven deadly sins . however  part of it is that he needs to get people who may be flawed but not completely evil . otherwise he cannot  pervert  their natural goodness . that  s what the little guy said in his barry white voice  which i found both charming and amusing . mostly amusing . like imagine barry white if he were a little dwarf and he was telling aiden gillen  dee plane  dee plane  bos  here eet come  dee plane   all through the movie  dee dwarf  actually a robotronic cherub  talks to aiden gillen in the barry white voice  saying things like  it  s ok to be bad  you know you want it .   now you  ve committed murder  you  re really moving up in the world  and other remarks that sound like commercials for  being evil  stores or something . it really is hilarious in a sick way .  br    br   anyhow  aiden gillen is no f . murray abraham  and the movie tanks as soon as murray gets the axe  or knifed   . f . murray brings a certain happy malevolence to his role in this film . he is a good actor . aiden gillen on the other hand has a permanent happy smirk on his face  and he looks like maybe his remedial english comp . class had never hit the mythological characters and he could not imagine what the movie was about . the ending is really creepy and yet almost comical . if this movie were a parody  the ending was perfect . if it was not a parody  then it was creepy but a cheap use of a little girl to deliver a gross  out that the movie itself could not deliver . the people who made this movie lost whatever it was that they wanted to do with it somewhere before the ending . it just ends like they just realized that they had run out of money and had to film a quickie ending .  
yes  i sat through the whole thing  god knows why .  br    br   it was a long afternoon  i had nothing to do  it was bitterly cold outside  okay  those are all lame excuses but they  re the only ones i have .  br    br   i gave the darkling  stars out of a possible    i have seen worse films  but this one definitely is right there in the old trash bin of bad filmdom   poor script  poor acting  bad lighting  and cheesy special effects .  br    br   the storyline  which never completely makes sense  revolves around this simple little family  daddy  mommy  and little girl   that i assume the viewer is supposed to be  identifying  with  all three of them were tedious and annoying . you just want the dark side to get every one of them .  br    br   daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars . daddy meets a rich man named rubin who collects cars and who is also in possession of a being he purchased in the  mysterious  orient . rubin keeps it in a birdcage and refers to it as  the darkling  .  br    br   during the course of the film  the darkling is explained as being about  or  different things a shadow without a person  the inner darkness that exists in all of us  and the devil . so take your pick of whichever one of those explanations suits your fancy   because trust me  it doesn  t really matter .  br    br   the darkling  s main problem seems to be that it craves having a companion   it gets a human companion   and then eventually is dissatisfied with the human being . this  of course  leads to immense wealth  followed by disaster  for the human who hooks up with the darkling .  br    br   and for the rest of us   it just leads to a very long  tedious movie .  br    br    
i saw this movie at the afi dallas festival . most of the audience  including my wife  enjoyed this comedy  drama  but i didn  t . it stars lucas haas  brick  alpha dog   molly parker  kissed  the five senses  hollywoodland  and adam scott  first snow  art school confidential  . the director is matt bissonnette  who  s married to molly parker . all three actors do a fine job in this movie about  friends  the marriage of two of them and infidelity involving the third . it all takes place at a lake house and it looks wonderful . the film wants to treat its subject as a comedy first and then a drama  and i thought it needed to be the other way around .  
  st watched           out of    dir  brad sykes   mindless   d movie about flesh  eating zombies in a  story within a movie chronicle . and yes  we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in  d   wow  not   that has been done time and time again in  d in a zombie movie but what usually makes a zombie movie better is the underlying story not the actual flesh  eating . that  s what made the original zombie classics good . the flesh  eating was just thrown in as an extra . we  re actually bored throughout most of this   part chronicle because of the lame  twilight  zone like  easily understood and slow  pacingly revealed finale  s . the last story is actually the story the movie started with  having a reporter investigating a so  called ghost town  and of course we get to see flesh eating zombie  s in that one as well . well  i think i  ve said enough . watch the classics  not this  d bore  feast .  
the film is about sir christopher strong  mp   member of parliament   played by colin clive  and his affair with the amelia earhart  like character played by katherine hepburn . up until they met  he had been a very devoted husband but when he met the odd but fascinating hepburn  he  couldn  t help himself  and they fell in love . you can tell  because they stare off into space a lot and talk endlessly about how painful their unrequited love is . frankly  this is a terribly dated and practically impossible film to watch . part of the problem is that in the pre  code days  films glamorizing adultery were very common . plus  even if you accept this morally suspect subject  the utter sappiness of the dialog make it sound like a   th century romance novel . . . and a really bad one at that . sticky and with difficult to like characters  after all  clive  s wife is a nice lady and did no one any harm  make this one a big waste of time . about the only interesting aspect of this film is the costume hepburn wears in an early scene where she is dressed in a moth costume  you  ve gotta see it to believe it   and she looks like one of the bugaloos  an obscure  but fitting reference  .  
merry madcaps in london stage a treasure hunt  with one young woman inadvertently fixing up her married politician father with a strong  independent lady  flier who  s never been in love . intriguing early vehicle for katharine hepburn  playing an amelia earhart  like aviatrix who  s been too self  involved to give herself over to any man . the director  dorothy arzner  and the screenwriter  zoe akins  who adapted gilbert frankau  s book  were obviously assigned to this project to get the female point of view  but why are all the old clichs kept intact like frozen artifacts  billie burke plays the type of simpering  weepy wife who takes to her bed when thing go wrong  and hepburn  s final scene is another bummer . a curious artifact  but not a classic for kate  watchers .  from   
dialogue stilted  clichd acting hammy  clichd plot predictable  clichd .  br    br   just what are christopher plummer nastassia kinski doing in this  b  rubbish  plummer was well established decades before this movie was made  kinski had masterpieces like  tess  and  cat people  behind her . . . must have been desperate .  br    br   the bad guys all have bad  guy accents  bad bad  guy accents   plummer especially  where did he learn to do  german    and most of them have bad  guy sneers as well . the innocent bystanders all overdo their panicking enough to make you laugh . the good guy survives  amongst other things  a   throwing knife buried hilt  deep in his shoulder  just pulls it out and seconds later is using the arm with no difficulty at all  marines  machine  gun fire  i think someone referred to a .    in the leg which he sorts out by tying a bandage around his pants leg and thereafter he barely has a limp  several fist  fights in which he sustains multiple punches to the face as well as being run cranium  first into a door frame  a fall  backwards  from what looks like the third floor  onto paving  without the slightest sign of a twisted ankle or any other such trifling inconvenience . the script has exactly  clever lines  the rest of the time it  s all so dull and boring .  br    br   ok it  s not all bad . plummer does bring a certain class to his part  and is undoubtedly the best actor in this flick . of course that doesn  t say much  but he can do the callous villain without resorting to the ham techniques most of the villains use here . he delivers his  ve haff vays and meance  type lines with some menace  but you are always aware you are watching christopher plummer acting the villain .  br    br   this movie is truly an awful waste of time . the acting  such as it is  is sort of    s    movies wooden line delivery meets bruce lee  s very obviously faked fight scenes  but it  s not even anywhere near as good as either a roger moore    or a bruce lee film . don  t bother .  
but thomas ian griffith just doesn  t have the polish that a big bucks actor has  granted this was made   years ago . some of the humorous lines could have been timed to make this not only action  but comedy . and how do you get kc out of katia koslovska anyhow  plummer  s character was so corny  he would have fit better in a bullwinkle toon . personally  if action flicks are going to show skin   i  d have liked to have seen equal time between female  male  otherwise don  t show any .  
it  s die hard meets cliffhanger when a ski resort is besieged by terrorists and it  s up to one cop  jack  crackerjack  to stop this .  br    br   a b  action movie that borrows from other films and is quite good with pretty good action  a ridiculous plot  as always in these movies  and three fine stars . thomas ian griffith as the cop and nastasja kinski and christopher plummer as terrorists . if you don  t like stupid b  action movies this is not for you .  
maverick cop with family problems and fondness of using his gun  check  isolated location with valuable object which is begging to be stolen  check  tasty looking love interest  check  assorted band of dumb cardboard cannon fodder villains with dodgy european accents  check  german sounding bad guy played by an english actor with a piece of corny dialogue for every occasion  check  corny one liners  check   br    br   deary me  does this film take the wee wee or what  the clichs come as thick and fast as an avalanche and most of the cast just stand around gawping at just how bad the script is   br    br   in a blatantly cheap and cheerful straight to video rip off of die hard only set on a mountain  complete with some nicked lines from the aforesaid  we have all the usual action move clich  s ticked off progressively as we go along with some good old fashioned violence and nudity thrown in to wake up anyone in the audience who may just have nodded off .  br    br   jack wild is the cop in full on john mcclane mode here who even manages time for the ye ancient bad guy with gun has used all his bullets gag at one point .  br    br   in amidst this mess  there are a few well known recognisable faces who i can only assume needed the cash and  or were simply playing it for laughs right from the pointless opening scene that had nothing to do with the plot whatsoever through to the final implausible conclusion complete with ropey dialogue and even ropier effects .  br    br   looking up this three quid from the supermarket bargain bin effort on imdb i am astonished to find that this dud spawned not one but two sequels  i have got to find these gems on dvd  it looks like the first sequel is a rip off of under siege  and the second sequel  well goodness knows  one thing that is always a bad sign is that the actor playing jack changes with each film and even the character  s name seems to change for the third instalment .  br    br   still  blind purchases of cheap dvd  s just would not be the same if studios didn  t keep trotting out material of this awful quality    
wow and i thought that any steven segal movie was bad . every time i thought that the movie couldn  t get worse it proved me wrong . the story was good but the actors couldn  t carry it off . also  they made a lot of mistakes on how proper archiological digs are done . for instance you don  t handle artifacts untill they are catologed and accounted for . the biggest crime in casting was the archiologist girl . she is a weak actress and i felt that her acting really made the movie less realistic then it already was . the whole concept of the knights templar being underground all these years seemed pretty stupid to me . i like the idea of how they disappeared and stuff  so that almost seemed depressing . i thought that the characters wern  t explained well enough . you didn  t find out much background and that made it harder to relate to them .  
where to start  this is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen . the editing is the worst ever  the sound effects were awful and the sound editing was whacked . most of the movie all one could here is the crappy kicking effects  with muddled talking in the background . i had to turn my volume on full blast just to her what was going on . . . . and what was i supposed to hear exactly  probably one of the worst scripts ever made . i can  t believe people actually put up some green for this film . it makes me think i could take a crap in a box  send it to producers  and then have them finance a movie for me .  br    br   dolph  was a usual  dolph . nothing else needs to be said . the villains were bad  the protagonists were bad  and the movie was a stinker . if you really want to know what not to do when either writing  directing or editing a movie  watch this   
this movie had the potential to be really good  considering some of the plot elements are borrowed from the sci  fi actioner the hidden . and dolph always lends some cheesy appeal to his roles . but someone somewhere really dropped the ball on this one .  br    br   dolph plays a butt  kicking monk    who travels to new york to retrieve a key that unlocks a door beneath his monastery that has imprisoned the antichrist for     years . he must battle the minion  who is a spirit that jumps from body to body much like the hidden and jason goes to hell . the minion  naturally  wants the key so it can let the antichrist out . along for the ride is an annoying female archaeologist and together she and dolph are chased by the minion  possessed bodies .  br    br   if i  m making this sound entertaining  forget it . the pacing is very awkward and sluggish  the acting subpar at best  and the fight scenes staged poorly . dolph sleepwalks through his role and spouts some of the worst dialogue of his career .  br    br   the cheese factor really picks up at the end when the minion battles an army of machine  gun wielding monks at the monastery  but the rest of this flick is a snoozefest .  br    br   too bad  i really wanted to like this .  
i can  t think of much to say about this film .  br    br   this was an awful movie . . . i can  t even tell you what made me decide to view it . it had so few redeeming qualities that i don  t even know where to begin .  br    br   the plot moved from implausible to downright absurd . my entire body was tense throughout the duration of the movie because i could not wait for the awful thing to be over and done . by the end of the movie  i found myself feeling beyond relieved .  br    br   the editing was poor  the acting was sub  par  and the storyline was weak . francoise robinson was cast as a native american  even though she does not even closely resemble someone of native american heritage .  br    br   if a movie is going to be this idiotic  it should be laughably stupid   at the very least . it wasn  t . it was just pathetic .  
i have seen some bad movies  austin powers  the spy who shagged me  batman forever   but this film is so awful  so boring  that i got about half way through and could not bear watching the rest . a pity . boasting talent such as kenneth branagh  embeth davitz and robert duvall and a story by john grisham  what went wrong  branagh is a big  time lawyer who has a one  night fling with davitz . her father  duvall  is a psychopath who hanged her cat  etc  etc  so branagh has him sent to a nuthouse  and he promptly escapes . somehow  i couldn  t figure out how  robert downey jr  daryl hannah  famke janssen and tom berenger are all mixed into the story which moves slower than stationary . i wanted to like this  and  being a huge grisham fan  have read all about this movie and i  foolishly  expected something interesting . this is honestly the worst film i  ve seen to date and i wish i could have my money refunded .  out of  .  
dolph lundgren stars as a templar who comes to new york when a key that unlocks the anti  christ is found by an archaeologist  of course the demon is only a couple miles behind dolph and isn  t killed so easily as he transfers from body to body .  like fallen without the suspense  of course lundgren is out of his element and the movie is completely unwatchable . i admit to being a fan of dolph lundgren  like steven seagal and jean  claude van damme  i try to watch his movies whenever they  re on tv . i caught the minion and boy was i ever disappointed . this movie is utterly terrible . with action sequences so poorly staged and badly edited you can barely make coherent sense in the fight arena . worst of all is lundgren  s woefully unconvincing perf as a tough guy priest    all of this made worse that the movie is such a rip off of fallen  which was good  and end of days  which was bad but better than this  overall this movie is the worst movie i  ve seen from dolph lundgren . it literally has nothing to recommend it . it  s awful and it  s the lowest point in lundgren  s career . and i saw cover  up  the last warrior and masters of the universe .  br    br       out of    awful   
the minion is about . . . well  a minion . a servant of satan and whose goal is to get the key that will unlock the door where his master is trapped . he is some sort of demon who possess human beings and when the body dies will possess another . anyone who happens to be possessed will go on some berserker rage . dolph lundgren plays lukas  a member of a secret order of templars  who is tasked to keep the key away from the minion . the movie begins a thousand years ago  in the middle east where a couple of knight templars flee from the minion . then flash forward to      where the key winds up somewhere underground in new york . an archeologist is assigned to study  dig the place where the key was found . needless to say  the minion is after the key  and the movie becomes a long winded chase scene between the minion and lukas and archeologist .  br    br   the movie  is just that  a low budget b  movie flick . the movie lacks energy  and just trods along . you  ll follow the chase but you won  t ever feel involved in the story which willfully takes ideas from previous movies  especially the terminator films  . the fight scenes with the minion is troublesome  in that you never get the sense of how good or how bad a warrior this demon is . it  skillfully  becomes a one  man army when fighting a squad of templars but sucks when it comes to one  on one . and it  s supposed to be around for a long time . all this goes to show that any sense of logic is just thrown down the drain for convenience . the whole idea of a secret order of templars  a door to hell  and the key isn  t well explained . we are merely to accept that they just exist . the movie seems to have been made with the feeling there  s not much potential to the story but only enough to make a few bucks . dolph lundgren sure looks like he wish he were somewhere else .  br    br   the verdict  of  stars .  
this is without a doubt one of the worst movies ever  i emphasize  ever made . whats worse  my old hero dolph is in it and hes starring it . jesus . . . the story is actually quite good but the way its carried out made even my body hurt . the fighting scenes for starters are about as well choreographed as a fight between two drunks slugging it out in the gutter . the actors  except for dolph who kinda sucks also  perform so badly you cant help but wonder if their reason for being there is that theyre all friends of the director  who by the way must have been absent most  if not all  of the time . this is    million spent in an unimaginable way  because by the look of the effects and scenery  the cost cant be a cent above      .  
come on  let  s get real . the knights of christ  ordo templi  or the knights templar as they are more commonly called did not even exist until the early   th century . the story is so laughable that it  s pathetic . dolph lundgren just looked positively bored . and besides  if you wanted to have a real  life templar  why not just use the knights of christ  who are still in existence in portugal . at least they should have taken history into account . the only redeeming quality i could find in this movie was that the artifacts looked authentic enough to pass for medieval or gothic period pieces . the acting was bad  the storyline appalling  the action horrible  and the props were okay .  
for two of the funniest comedians  the movie was awful . fast forwarded it and never got any better  waste of time and waste of money  tina fey is such a great writer  i thought that she would be so great in the comedy . the previews were so great  but they only showed the best parts of the movie . my husband even thought that for a chick flick  it sucked . what is up with that . movie was very slow ans boring . i will not recommend it to anyone at this time . i would like my money back for this one  boo from us here in arizona . thanks but no thanks . who does this kind of stupid stuff to make people think that you are pregnant . i thought that it was going to be so funny  i have had my own children and i have helped others have children . it could have been more along the lines of reality .  
what happened  what we have here is basically a solid and plausible premise and with a decent and talented cast  but somewhere the movie loses it . actually  it never really got going . there was a little excitement when we find out that angie is not really pregnant  then find out that she is after all  but that was it . steve martin  who is a very talented person and usually brings a lot to a movie  was dreadful and his entire character was not even close to being important to this movie  other than to make it longer . i really would have liked to see more interactions between the main characters  kate and angie  and maybe try not for a pure comedy  which unfortunately it was not  but maybe a drama with comedic elements . i think if the movie did this it could have been very funny since both actresses are quite funny in their own ways and sitting here i can think of numerous scenarios that would have been a riot .  
near the closing stages of baby mama  one of the central characters goes on to describe the basic outline of everything that came before and summarises that it  was all just a mess   i really couldn  t say it any better than that . and while the feature does have its odd ray of hope every now and again  the vast majority of what is present is too neutered to be considered relevant and too unremarkable to be worth anyone  s time . a lacklustre cast  mundane script and vague  caricature characters ensure that baby mama certainly isn  t taxing on the ol  noggin  but it never makes up for this through its proposed sense of humour . consisting mainly of very routine  clich jokes based around an odd couple  rich and poor  trying to live with each other as they prepare to bring a baby into the world  the film is far too esoteric to deliver laughs outside its very thin demographic .  br    br   as a story on finding love  it  s not that bad  but playing this plot line as a side  story of sorts to work alongside the comedy  orientated odd couple tangent  characterisation is notably weak  resulting in a lukewarm romance that never bubbles . as characters themselves  both central figures are mildly amusing when put together in small spaces  but when left alone quickly unravel and bare their emptiness so while we may eventually come to find the character  s interactions with each other amusing at times  the comedy never branches beyond distant chuckles we don  t feel for the characters and don  t find them inherently interesting  but rather their dynamic . unfortunately however  although this dynamic works best  or at least better than the individual personas  as mentioned above  it rarely stems outside of the typical confines of the odd  couple formula .  br    br   kate  tina fey  is a successful business woman who has hired working class  dumb  blonde angie  amy poehler  to be her unlikely surrogate  and after angie decides to leave hopeless husband carl  dax shepard   both eventually have to learn to live together despite their obvious differences . yes  it  s the typical odd  couple premise  and one that we have already seen in this year  s what happens in vegas  yet what baby mama lacks that the aforementioned movie had is both chemistry between performers and semi  layered characters . kate and angie both fail to ever show much of a personality outside of their two dimensional outline and as such both performers are neglected to play out roles that demand chemistry to produce out of thin air . in fact  the movie  s only real engaging performance and character comes from the underused talents of romany malco who gets lumbered with playing a door  man . of the few times that i laughed during baby mama  most of those moments were because of this man  and the remainder usually fell to shepard .  br    br   it  s a rare thing of course to find a movie which embodies its script  s themes in the way which its world is shot and presented to us through the camera  and yet director michael mccullers goes from page to screen effectively enough . yet  for a film about babies  multi  million dollar business and cultural stereotyping  this isn  t necessarily a good thing . baby mama is grade  a  hammy  plastic tinsel  town with capital bore topped with sugar . so not only did i feel emotionally distant to the characters because of their two  dimensional nature  but i simply didn  t care for the world they inhabited . the dialogue  along with sets  costumes  and the script  s general themes are painted in pastel blues and pinks so much that all shades of humanity are lost in the director  s incessant need to make his movie feel like a neutered fantasy these aren  t characters and that isn  t our world in any way so why should i care  at the end of the day however  a romantic comedy  s ultimate gauge of success or failure comes down purely to its chemistry between its love interests  and the frequency of its laughs baby mama has little going on in any of these departments . of course to say that the film is without any value at all would be unfair . i  m sure female audiences in a similar boat as lead character kate may get a slight kick out of the proceedings  but anyone else will probably just feel numb and probably bored . in this respect baby mama avoids being unbearable  but never convinces in being anything remarkable or worthy of a look to anyone outside of its immediate audience a comedic dud and a romantic mismatch  baby mama is too light  headed to be interesting and too shallow to be entertaining .  br    br    a review by jamie robert ward  http   www . invocus . net   
i give this a generous four out of ten stars  or dots or markers  or something .  br    br   there were a grand total of two really really funny scenes in this movie . all the scenes with amy p and tina fey and greg kinnear  greg kinnear    moved along agreeably enough .  br    br   otherwise  the usual trafficking in stereotypes  blazing speed  rudely pushed along by a stupid soundtrack  and  soundtrack  is generous .  br    br   anyway  the two really really funny scenes involved amy p . she  s just really hilarious in an animal kind of way . she  s a mixture of that ape man skit that they do on snl and lucille ball .  br    br   i hope they  amy p and tina fey  just flat out admitted they did this for the money  because if by doing it  it gave birth to the sarah palin parodies  then i guess we can say  yeah  it was worth it to put the black guy back into the servant man role  who  s really there to help you be more human .  br    br   blah .  outta   like i said is generous .  br    br   but no more  girls  ok  oh  i almost forgot . the mom from  two and a half men  is in this movie  and she  s had some kind of plastic surgery  so that her mouth now looks like the mouth of a   year old  so every scene she  s in  i  m like trying to rearrange her face  or put it together in my mind  or just answer the question   no . wait . wait . has she had plastic surgery   because as a viewer  you really don  t want her to have had plastic surgery .  
come on tina fey you can do better then this . as soon as the movie started i knew how it would end . sure it was funny at times . even laugh out loud funny . but there isn  t enough laughs to save this movie . i don  t recommend buying this . at the most i recommend renting it but thats all . baby mama has some funny scenes but is predictable and fails to have the heartwarming ending it strives for .  br    br   tina fey and amy poalher made a good team . mean girls is one of my favorite movies . tina fey and amy poalher both did great in that and they do good in this . but this isn  t there best . baby mama had a great supporting cast . dane cook  sigourney weaver and steve martin add to the casts greatness .  br    br   another pregnancy movie has hit the cinema world . after the great knocked up and juno  baby mama looks very average when compared . knocked up and juno are hilarious  heartwarming and have endings that leave you with a smile on your face . baby mama  s ending was unfunny and dull .  br    br   baby mama wasn  t the best comedy of the year and it doesn  t try to be . i recommend it but don  t expect it to be totally hilarious . expect a average comedy that doesn  t give the big emotional ending it tries to have . i give baby mama . . . . .  br    br        
i wouldn  t say this totally sucked  but if it wasn  t for netflix i wouldn  t even have this in my house . steve martin  s eccentric president of a chain of health food stores falls flat . he  s just not funny . he  s another in a long slew of snl rejects that can only find work whoring themselves to the next snl movie . the birthing coach with the elmer fudd lisp is about as funny as it is original . amy poehler simply goes through the same motions she would for a  minute snl skit which is about as funny as snl lately . the only thing going for this movie is that tina fey is easy on the eyes . the ending was predictable as soon as you heard her character couldn  t get pregnant . the subject matter could have opened up to other comedic attempts  but it seems to simple simmer along  not really entertaining or creating laughs .  
a very weak movie  mainly because of a poor story  but also poor acting in the case of robert downey jr .  and irrational behaviour by many of the characters . if you are someone who likes to switch your mind off and simply watch a movie for it  s creativity or acting criteria  then you may like this movie . personally i can  t do that with a drama and found this too far  fetched .  br    br   i  m particularly annoyed when a main character  that is supposed to be an intelligent person  continually acts like a complete imbecile . in this movie  if the main character acted the way a person would normally act in these situations  there would be no movie .  br    br   the first highly unlikely act is when the main character  a successful attorney named magruder  played by kenneth branagh  is leaving a party and happens upon a girl  mallory doss played by embeth davidtz  who is screaming that her car has been stolen . they are standing around in a tropical rainstorm as he badgers her into accepting a ride home .  br    br   she tells him about her weird father who belongs to some kind of weird sect and does crazy things . when they arrive at her dilapidated shack in the poorer part of town  they notice that her car is in the driveway . also the house lights are on and some objects in the house have been broken .  br    br   things are very odd  she  s weird  looking like a tramp  she undresses in front of him until she  s completely naked  oh yeah   . also  the father  s strange  the house is a wreck   everything should have told magruder   hey this is too weird for me  i  m out of here   but not magruder  he sleeps with her and then  motivated by her story and sex  takes up the case of trying to have her father committed . it all screams set  up   br    br   then  being the top  flight attorney that he is  he arrives late at the office wearing the same shirt he had on the night before   a fact that all of the women in the office notice  . is it likely that a successful attorney would act like a    year  old  magruder has upset the police in some of his cases so when he goes to the police claiming  with ample evidence  that the father is terrorising them  the police ignore him . i could have believed begrudging assistance . but no help at all   not likely   br    br   it  s just too unlikely .  
i saw this movie last weekend and it is silly and mindless . an ancient curse turns a man into a mummy in his pajamas  the victims are scared senseless and can not run from a slow moving old man . they drop their torches and shiver instead of attempting to ward him off or  duh  burn him . quentin alias mr . fabersham of the honeymooners is married to diane brewster alias miss canfield of leave it to beaver fame  who is unhappy in marriage . wow  love plot . the rest of the cast just follows each other in the tombs and wait for screams to react and run to their aid . the egyptian girl is not bad looking but does not lend much to the film . where is the mummy  really just a curse unleashed . this does not hold a torch to universal mummy films in the least . watch this movie if you need sleep  because you will dose off .  
an expedition led by hunky captain storm  mark dana  travels to the valley of the kings in cairo to find out what happened to an earlier expedition . they meet beautiful mysterious simira  ziva rodann  who joins them . they soon find themselves faced with a blood drinking mummy . . . and only simira seems to know what  s going on .  br    br   a real snoozer . i caught this on late night tv when i was about   . it put me to sleep  seeing it again all these years later i can see why . it  s slow  moving  the mummy doesn  t even show up until   minutes in  and this is only   minutes long    the acting ranges from bad  dana  to real bad  george n . neise  and there  s no violence or blood to be found . this movie concentrates more on second rate dramatics  involving a silly love triangle  than horror .  br    br   this rates three stars because it actually looks pretty good  everyone plays it straight  there  s some good acting from diane brewster  it  s short and the mummy attack scenes  all three of them  aren  t bad . they  re not scary just mildly creepy . still  this movie is pretty bad . a sure fire cure for insomnia .  
spoilers slow as molasses mummy movie involving this expiation in the valley of the kings in egypt that has to be aborted in order to keep the native population  who are at the time revolting against british rule  from finding out about it .  br    br   given the task of getting to this archaeological dig by his superiors british capt . storm  mark dana  together with a couple of british soldiers and mrs . sylvia quentin  diane brewster  the wife of the head man at the dig robert quentin  george n . neise  make their way to the unearthed mummy  s tomb . on the way there capt . storm sylvia and his men run into this desert  like princess simira  ziva rodann .  br    br   simira seems to be superhuman in her ability to withstand the rigors of desert life  she doesn  t drink water or get tired  but also knows just what capt . storm  co . are looking for and warns him and his group to stay as far away from the dig  pharaoh  s ra ha tet tomb  as possible .  br    br   at ra ha tet  s burial chamber robert quentin and his crew of archeologist  s together with his egyptin guide simira  s brother numar  alvaro guillot  already opened his tomb before capt . storm can get there to stop them . quentin violated ra ha tet  s body by having dr . farrady  guy prescott  cut his bandages . this action on robert  s and dr . farrady  s part has numar faint dead in his tracks . it later turns out that numar somehow was possessed by ra ha tet  s spirit or soul who took over his body and caused him to age  at the rate of    years per hour  to become himself a      year  old mummy .  br    br   the movie has numar dressed in what looks like a pair of pajamas slinking around ra ha tet  s tomb and it  s surroundings attacking and sucking out the blood in order to survive  like a vampire  of anyone man or animal that he comes in contact with . this blood  sucking adventure by numar  with him later losing his right arm  goes on for some time until the by now crazed quentin trying to find the entrance  you in fact thought that he already found it  to ra ha tet  s tomb get  s himself killed is an indoor rock slide .  br    br   we learn at the end of the movie that numar  to absolutely no one  s surprise  is actually ra ha tet reincarnated into another  some      years later  person or life . numar  s sister the mysterious and sexy simira is not only ra ha tet  s sister  since him and numar are really one and the same person  but also the egyptian cat goddess babesti  also not that hard to figure out .  br    br   with numar  ra ha tet back in his tomb and all the deaths  due the the pharaoh  s curse  now at an end capt . storm sylvia and whatever is left of his men and the late robert quentin  s archaeological expedition trek their way back to cairo and modern  this in      civilization . the survivors of pharaoh ra ha tet curse keep what they found  and unearthed  only to themselves since no one would believe them anyway .  
the soul of an ancient mummy is transferred to one of his followers so that he might punish everyone involved in the desecration of his tomb . the soul transference makes the young man age at a tremendous pace until he himself resembles a mummy . one by one  the blood is drained from those involved in the dig .  br    br   to be as brief as possible  pharaoh  s curse is quite the lackluster affair . while the movie does present a few good  original ideas  blood sucking mummy  s  soul transference  interesting make  up effects  the arm ripping scene  etc .  and a few atmospheric moments  the direction and pace are the very definition of plodding . to make matters even worse  the first   of the film  s relatively short   minute runtime consist of nothing much more than padding . i usually go for these slow moving mummy movies  but pharaoh  s curse tests even my patients . the cast helps very little . with only one exception  ziva rodann is the lone bright spot  wish the movie could have focused more on her mysterious character   the cast is as dull as the screenplay . finally  i don  t know whose idea it was to put the mummy  looking servant in what appears to be pajamas  but it  s a laughable  ridiculous look for a creature that supposed to instill fear in the audience .  br    br   despite my mostly negative comments on the pharaoh  s curse  i  m going to rate it a     . not a good rating to be sure  but generous given all the problems i have with the movie .  
this is the perfect example of something great going awfully bad . . . hence  can i advice anyone to watch it  well  i was kinda obliged by the fact that in was in the tiff competition  i still can  t believe it won  . . and i only remained until the end because the director was there for a qa section . . but that was also anything but interesting . . what  s it about  well the first half  the worth watching one  presents three characters a hooker  a musician and some kind of official . . the first two lie about their professions . . but the third is the actual liar . . the second half  do something else . . don  t ruin a good evening  includes some old breasts and heavy drinking . . but maybe you will see it completely different . . . the tiff jury did  were they drinking vodka    
as much as i dislike saying  me too  in response to other comments  it  s completely true that the first   minutes of this film have nothing whatsoever to do with the endless dirge that comprises the following   .  br    br   having been banned somewhere doesn  t make a film watchable . just because it doesn  t resemble a hollywood product does not make it credible .  br    br   worse yet  in addition to no discernible plot  other than there are lots of muddy places in russia and many people  even very old women  drink lots of vodka  a number of visuals are so unnecessarily nauseating i  m in to my second package of rolaids .  br    br   as for spoilers  well  the film is so devoid of any narrative thread i couldn  t write one if i tried .  br    br   don  t waste your time or money  and don  t confuse this with good russian cinema .  
i agree with the previous comment  the beginning of the movie is quite good  and get  s you wandering about what is to come . . . . . . . which is nothing . all open story lines remain open two characters who at first seemed like they might be of some importance are completely left out of the picture  save for  or  very short scenes . i wander if ilya wouldn  t have done better to just completely leave them out . . . . as for the one remaining character  nothing is done with her either . she just visits some god  awful place  and suddenly the movie isn  t about her anymore  but about some geriatric witches who spend their days making dolls out of bread  drinking homemade vodka  and apparently flashing each other . some may say the movie does well in showing a society crumbling  like the judges of the iffr  but for me it is just bad taste  bad camera  work  a lousy script and frightfully bad direction . therefor i can not be as generous as my predecessor when it comes to grading    
the film is worth watching only if you stop it after half an hour . it starts of with funny conversations in a bar and makes one expect a good  funny story is to come . well  i can tell you it will not come . it will deteriorate in minutes into a movie that challenges your patience as well as your feelings of shame for the actors to an extend you will probably not be pleased to witness .  br    br   in an interview i heard that the director wanted to express in this film the feeling of a loss of identity that  according to him  the majority of the people in this globalizing world experience . i was amazed to hear that . am i living in the same world he lives in  ok a lot of people do walk around in the same clothes as mine and listen to the same music and all  but that doesn  t make me feel like i am losing my identity . what does khrzhanosvky think  that we are not more than the clothes we wear and the movies we watch  am i shortsighted or is he   br    br   well my vote the good start of the movie saves it from getting a   a decent  is my conclusion .  
the worst movie i have seen in quite a while . interesting first half with some engaging  terse dialogue among dubious characters in a late  night bar . the movie then degenerates into a shapeless succession of scenes aiming for visual shock  read disgust  without any redeeming observations or lessons in humanity or anything else .  br    br   i wanted to walk out  but the director was present at this showing and my politeness preventing me from showing him disrespect . still  time is precious  as the director himself observed in his intro  and i really begrudge the time i wasted on the second half of this one .  br    br   saving graces were the three main characters in the first half of the movie  especially the female lead .  
let me start by saying that i consider myself to be one of the more  most   open  minded movie  viewers . . . movies are my passion  and i am a big regular at my local cult  movie  rental  place . . . i also feel the need to add that they often ask me for advice about movies whenever i get there  and i never seem to be able to leave the place without having had an elaborate discussion or exchange of ideas about what is going on in the cult  movie  area . . . i love to rent strange stuff  and that is exactly why this movie was recommended by one of the guys at the cult  movie  video  place . he told me he thought i had to see this  and since the cover said something about it being a movie with a jodorowsky  one of my favorites   atmosphere  i rented it .  br    br   the vote i gave here is not really fair  because i did not think it was awful  i just did not know how to rate it otherwise . a question mark would have been more appropriate . . .  br    br   this is the first and only film that literally made me sick to my stomach i actually felt physically ill  am i the only one whose stomach literally turned  still i did not want to turn it off  or maybe i just couldn  t because i was fascinated in a nasty way . . .  br    br   i do not ever wanna see this movie again .  br    br   not awful  a  as i said . just not my cup of tea  or wodka for that matter  . . .  
the first hour of the movie was boring as hell . there is no suspense  no action  not even a plot . the movie went no where . i mean they could have made the movie in   min short film . overall  the movie wasn  t good at all  and i don  t recommend it .  
film starts with  people meeting each other in the bar . ok . they  re talking about their imaginary lives  lying all the time  with no reason . still ok . from time to time  they even make you laugh . interesting . first   minutes you actually enjoy it  but then . . . things become worse . . . nothing  s happening . . . for a long time . . . and then  when something happen  all you can see are naked old  ladies  touching each other  not ok . disgusting  by the way  this part should be the top of the movie  but it  s everything except that  movie has no point  it  s boring  and sick   br    br   the strangest thing is that here  belgrade  serbia  on fest  film festival   this movie was the most popular according to researches  of course  before people watched it  i even thought  before watching    hay  this might be interesting  although it  s a russian movie   but  god  no      
the movie is basically the story of a russian prostitute  s return to her home village for the funeral of a sister  friend . there are a couple of other minor story lines that might actually be more interesting than the one taken  but they are not fully explored . the core of the movie is the funeral  wake  and later controversy over the future of a community of crones that make dolls and sell them to buy vodka but are now missing the artist who made their dolls marketable . apparently  the movie is unedited . the prostitute  s journey from the city to the village is an excruciatingly endless train ride and tramp through the mud . maybe that  s supposed to impress us with the immensity of the russian landscape . the village itself  such as it is  is inhabited by a legion of widows and one male  the consort of the dead girl . continuing the doll business is problematic for everyone involved and eventually seems impossible . most of the film is shot with a hand  held camera that could induce nausea . another problem for western viewers is that subtitles don  t include the songs and laments of the crones . don  t go to this movie unless you  re fluent in russian .  
the russian movie      follows the lives of three  not four  strangers who meet one night in a local bar . one is a musician  one a frozen meat seller and one a call girl .  br    br       i gather  is intended to showcase the dreariness and hopelessness of life in post  soviet russia  the characters have to make up stories to make their lives appear more interesting than they really are   but the movie is so incoherent and boring that i seriously doubt very many people will be able to sit all the way through it . there seems to be a suggestion running through the film that the shadowy russian government is up to some shady doings behind the scenes  operating secret cloning facilities  selling decades  old frozen meat etc .  but the movie is so formless and incomprehensible that i doubt anyone could figure out what anybody  s really up to here .  br    br   despite decent acting and a few incisively directed scenes     is a two  hour long endurance contest that should be avoided at all costs .  
i  m starting to think that there  s a conspiracy  all right one that involves a wallop of money paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and film and art magazines to ensure that this or that film  despite its obscurity  will reach a higher status via a ratings point which will tag it with a  universal acclaim  or something within that range  thus ensuring unsuspecting folk  like me  will wander into theatres or rent the bloody thing  expecting a surprise  only to find myself racing to the bathroom to upchuck .  br    br   this movie is one of them . it has definitely make me bypass any and every posted article i come across because it  s rather clear that two things might have happened either i didn  t get the message that is so hidden beneath this film  s inner realms as to be impossible to access  or they and i watched two entirely different movies that happen to share the same name .  is a dirty trick on the audience . it  s no wonder that it appeared and disappeared faster than you can say  smorsgabord  and that despite the rating it got on metacritic  no one had heard of it . it  s terrible with sugar on top .  br    br   firstly  there is the ever  present number four from start to finish . while having a little symbolism here and there is okay  and it  s been done with various degrees of success in many well  known movies  this movie is panting with it . four dogs at the start of the movie  looking at the camera in a heretofore empty street when suddenly  machinery drops onto the foreground and proceeds to rip open the asphalt . four people in a bar  although one of them is a non  entity . three of them go their separate ways but are linked nevertheless  not only to each other but to what their lives are not . while this concept may work  the movie meanders so much   particularly with the story of the would  be model played by marina vovchenko which goes into the territory of the extremely bizarre  and not in a good way   that the initial theme gets lost in translation . or maybe  like i said before  i just  didn  t get it .  the problem also lies in that so much time is spent on marina  s story  which revolves on the death of her sister  from bread  chewing  no less  and the subsequent  shrill mourning which follows  that any interest in the inherent surrealism dissipates without a trace . so what if the same horrifying tales that the three strangers interchanged in a bar seem to have a truth of their own  the director doesn  t invest much time in truly tying them together  or weaving a tighter story that could  in a david lynchian way  intersect either with the past  present  or within alternate dimensions  or even as a straightforward  mundane science  fiction story . this is an uphill battle against an insurmountable wall that only a saint  or someone into the weird for weird  s sake  could endure .  
i have yet to read a negative professional review of this movie . i guess i must have missed something . the beginning is intriguing  the three main characters meet late at night in an otherwise empty bar and entertain each other with invented stories . that  s the best part . after the three go their separate ways  the film splits into three threads . that  s when boredom sets in . certainly  the thread with the felliniesque babushkas who make dolls out of chewed bread is at first an eye opening curiosity . unfortunately  the director beat this one to death  even injecting a wild plot line that leads nowhere in particular . bottom line a two  hour plot  thin listlessness . if you suffer from insomnia  view it in bed and you will have a good night sleep .  
perhaps being a former moscovite myself and having an elastic sense of humor prevents me from tossing this movie into the  arthouse  festival crap  trashcan . it  s not the greatest film of      nor is it complete garbage . it just has a lot of problems . i also sincerely doubt this movie was banned due to any  ideological fears   or  conservative taboos  or any other reason this movie might conversely be called  courageous  and  uncompromising  abroad . it was banned because the censors knew    of the russian film  goers would find it offensive because of the bad taste exercised during the shooting and editing of this otherwise dull film .  br    br   so we have a strong opening shot . wonderful sound design  excellent premise  laden with meaning and symbolism . the usage and placement of symbols will consistently be of the film  s strongest aspects  not that the number  is a daunting visual challenge  . over the next   minutes we have an equally strong setup . an amusing and well  written bar conversation among the   main   characters  and we feel pathos for these people  the great country of russia  the human condition and all that . then the movie starts slowing down . we begin to wonder what  yawn  lies ahead .  br    br   the rest is quite boring  simply put . sure  the guy in the village tugs the heartstrings  and there are some slightly amusing moments . nice sound  sure . but the enjoyment of this movie  not to mention the plot  are seriously compromised by the pacing problems . and this  this lack of a payoff for sitting through all the  nicely  shot  abject misery and bleakness  is what ultimately will make people angry at the  offensive  stuff  personally  the main offensive scene bordered on being endearing  in that pathetic way harmless drunks can appear  .  br    br   if you want to watch an enjoyable movie where russians get wasted for prolonged periods of time  the entire film   watch particulars of the national hunt . much more rewarding post  soviet stuff . so yeah  a  out of   for   nice and symbolic of my post  mediocre  film condition .  
the movie starts quite with an intriguing scene  three people are drinking and making small talk in a bar . all of them are making up a bit outrageous stories . as the movie unfolds  it turns out that the most outrageous story is true . however  beyond that the movie is not very interesting except for the scene in the bar and the scene where main secret is revealed . this revelation happens barely half time into the movie and frankly  not much is left to be seen . the rest of the time director is lingering in a god forsaken russian village full of pitiful and creepy old ladies . sure  these are fascinating and a bit shocking images  but admiring them goes on way too long  sacrificing any possible plot or character development . i found this movie as another example of either lousy or lazy movie  making  where instead of trying to make an interesting story  movie makers concentrate on weirdly fascinating imagery and through in a few almost unrelated stories  case in point  meat trader  s story  to leave the spectator to figure out all odds and ends . on a surface it has artsy appearance  but in this particular case is nothing more than lack of talent .  
i saw the film at the belgrade film festival last week  and i  m still working off the trauma . essentially my view seems to match a number of others  the first half hour was fresh  sharp  deep  entertaining and promising . well acted too . natural . my problem  however  is not simply with the fact that the final hour and a half of the film have nothing to do with the likable beginning  nor the fact that i spent most of this time convulsing in agony at sharp  grating industrial sounds and squinting at drunken  toothless  bread  chewing hags . it  s rather with the fact that they never warned me    the festival brochure synopsis described only the  utterly intriguing  sounding  first half hour  a whore  piano tuner and meat seller chat in a bar  pretending to be an advertising agent  genetic engineer  and petty government administration official  respectively  making no mention whatsoever of the never  ending gum  smacking to come . serves me right for not reading the reviews  you might say  but to my defense  a number of reviews i looked at post  fact um didn  t at all stress the immensity and utter unbearableness of the greater part of the film .  br    br   the first hint should have been the introductory words by the director  a bashful  tousle  haired russian youth  who stepped in front of the crammed auditorium  the film seems to be doing incredibly well critically  and tickets were sold out well in advance of the screening  though most of the audience seemed as unaware as i was of the pain to come  judging by the plethora of unearthly moans and groans that utterly permeated the theatre during the last half hour  and many exasperated comments on exit  to say the following  well  i . . . um  thank you very much for coming to see this film  and i just wanted to say . . . well  it  s a very long film . . . it took me four years to make it  and . . . it  s . . i suggest that you see it and immediately try to forget about it . it is very long . thank you for coming .  this is what he said . alarm bells should have been ringing .  what  s he talking about   i thought in happy confusion .  this is gonna be fun   of course  by the time his strangely apologetic comments started making sense to me  it was far too late to get out . all i could do is writhe in increasing agony until the lights came on again . and in the end i can  t say i feel in any way improved by the experience . yes  i absolutely loved the first half hour . it was intelligent  new  and had a lot to say . and yes  russia is probably in a bad state . yes  every society has many hidden faces . yes  toothless life in barren wastelands is probably unimaginably hard . yes yes yes . i get all of this . really i do . but i see no earthly reason why art and meaning should be so agonisingly drawn out  and so painful to bear . if you want to see a film land somewhere between the extremes of glitzy hollywood plastic fantastic and hours of muddy vodka swigging  try the korean  chinese bin jip    iron  . it  s artsy and surprising  but also to  the  point and fun .  
this was a blind buy used dvd . it totally killed a nice buzz i had going when i hit play .  br    br   it  s bubble  headed comedy  but it  s um . squalid . the plot is zany   but the characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived i ultimately found it depressing to watch .  br    br   maybe the box lead me to expect something more than an uneven  goofy caper film .  i know  i know  the quotes on the box  the academy award nomination mean nothing .   
  iedereen beroemd  has everything we can expect from a straight to video  movie . it  s the story about a man who believes his daughter could be a star . the only thing he needs is to get her on stage  surrounded by cameras and reporters . a simple plan for which he has to kidnap and do some blackmail . the problem with the movie is not the basic plot  but how it is made . everything is supposed to be funny  but it isn  t . it is trivial and clumsy  the characters are shallow  and the end  sequence is totally without climax or emotion . the last sequence is probably the only scene where you feel like laughing  but only at how pathetic the whole set  up is .  
i can  t believe that so much talent can be wasted in one movie  the gingerbread man starts of on the right foot  and manages to build up some great expectations for the ending . but at some point the movie turns into one of the worst stories i  ve ever wasted my time on . it  s just so unbelievably how the bewitched mallory doss manages to pull kenneth branagh  s character around by his nose . the movies climax is as uninteresting and flat as a beer  which has been left out in the sun too long . the gingerbread man is probably the worst grisham  movie ever and this isn  t changed by the fact that talented stars crowd the movie . don  t waste your time here   
this movie starts out with a certain amount of promise but  in my view  begins to lose it when the protagonist kidnaps the good samaritan who comes to his aid when his car breaks down . that this well  meaning stranger begins to fix his car while he is away making a phone call is implausible enough  but that she is one of the few people in the country who can help him put his family  s life back on track is the type of coincidence beginning writers are warned against using in their stories .  br    br   i found this movie average at best . art direction could have been much better  as could have been cinematography . the acting was good  and so was eva van der gucht  s singing .  
mabel at the wheel is one of those movies with a behind  the  scenes story that  s more interesting than the movie itself . this was chaplin  s tenth comedy for keystone during his year of apprenticeship  and his first two  reeler . here he played one of his last out  and  out villain roles  although the feature  length tillie  s punctured romance was yet to come   and it also marked one of the last times he would work for a director other than himself . in fact  chaplin  s conflicts with director and co  star mabel normand almost got him fired from the studio .  br    br   chaplin hadn  t gotten along with his earlier directors  henry lehrman and george nichols  but according to his autobiography having to take direction from a mere  girl  was the last straw . charlie and mabel argued bitterly during the making of this film . chaplin was still a newcomer at keystone and his colleagues didn  t know what to make of him  but everyone loved mabel . producer mack sennett was on the verge of firing chaplin when he learned that the newcomer  s films were catching on and exhibitors wanted more of them a . s . a . p .  so chaplin was promised the chance to direct himself in return for finishing this movie the way mabel wanted it .  br    br   unfortunately  none of that drama is visible on screen in mabel at the wheel  which looks like typical keystone chaos . the story concerns an auto race in which mabel  s beau  harry mccoy  is scheduled to compete  but wicked charlie and his henchmen abduct the lad  and mabel must take the wheel in his place . for all the racing around  brick hurling and finger  biting the film is frankly short on laughs  but there are a few points of interest . there  s some good cinematography and editing in the race sequence  though there aren  t really any gags  just lots of frantic activity . chaplin himself looks odd  sporting a goat  like beard on his chin and wearing the top hat and frock coat he wore in his very first film appearance  making a living  but the outfit suits the old  fashioned villainy he displays throughout . at least it  s novel to watch him play such an uncharacteristic role . visible in the stands at the race track are such keystone stalwarts as chester conklin  edgar kennedy in a strangely dandified get  up  and a more characteristic mack sennett  spitting tobacco and doing his usual mindless rube routine . as a performer  sennett was about as subtle as the movies he produced  but you have to give the guy credit he knew what people liked . these films were hugely popular in their day . mack  s performance doesn  t add much to mabel at the wheel  but he probably had to be on hand for the filming of this one to make sure his stars didn  t kill each other .  
i tried to sit through this bomb not too long ago . what a disaster . the acting was atrocious . there were some absolutely pathetic action scenes that fell flat as a lead balloon . this was mainly due to the fact that the reactions of the actors just didn  t ring true . supposedly a modern reworking of the hitchcock original  lifeboat  . i think hictcock would be spinning circles in his grave at the very thought of it . from what i was able to suffer through  there is nothing compelling in this movie . it boasts a few semi big names  but they put no effort into their characters . but  you know  to be fair  it was nobody  s fault really . i mean  i  m pretty sure the script blew up in the first explosion . lol . it is possible that this thing ends up improving as it goes along . but for me  i  m not willing to spend at least three days to find out . so unless you have at least a three day weekend on the horizon  avoid this stinker       
this film is really bad  with a script full of  memorable  lines and incredibly bad performances . the special effects are also bad  not the worst ones i have seen  either  and the music is so bad that you have to listen to it to believe it . just two short themes    seconds long or so  are repeated constantly throughout the whole film .  br    br   all in all  one of the worst films i have ever seen .  
in the first one it was mainly giant rats  but there were some wasps and a giant chicken too . this one  however  is just giant rats period  well giant rats and one really growing little boy . this one is about this growing boy and a scientist that is trying to help him so he accidentally creates giant killer rats . . . you know how it is . this movie has some kills and its moments  but i find it to be on par with the original  i just prefer some variety in my giant creature movies . well  that is not true . . . i actually like  empire of the ants   maybe i just do not care for giant rodents . all in all a rather drab movie though it does have one rather odd turn of events in this one dream sequence that is truly bizarre . i just can  t recommend this one .  
boring  predictable  by  the  numbers horror outing at least has pretty good special effects and plenty of  mindless  mayhem and gore to satisfy  mindless  genre fans . mostly it  s about giant rats chomping on a set of characters we don  t care an iota about  if that  s your thing  tune in .        
who could possibly have wished for a sequel to bert i . gordon  s legendary bad trash  film  food of the gods   nobody  of course  but director damien lee thought it was a good idea  anyway  and he put together a belated sequel that stands as one of the most redundant movies in horror history .  gnaw  is a sequel in name only  as the setting moved to a typical late    s location  a university campus  and also the cheap  cheesy gore effects perfectly illustrates the    s . this script hangs together by clichs  awfully written dialogs and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other  and more successful  horror classics . neil hamilton is a goody two shoes scientist who performs growing  experiments on ordinary rodents in order to do a fellow scientist a favor . due to some incredibly stupid animal rights activists  the huge and ravenous rats escape and devour pretty much everyone on campus . following the good old tradition that spielberg  s  jaws  started  there  s an obnoxious dean who refuses to admit the problem even though severely mutilated corpses are turning up everywhere . during a hysterically grotesque climax  the rats invade the opening ceremony of the campus  new sport complex   gnaw food of the gods   is terribly bad and therefore a lot of fun to watch  the characters do and say unimaginably stupid stuff  like descending into the sewers unarmed while they know it  s infested with rats   the acting is atrocious and there  s a genuinely bizarre sequence involving the hero having sex under the influence of growth  serum  i wonder what freud  s theory would be on that  there  s a satisfying amount of gore and sleaze and  it has to be said  the music is surprisingly atmospheric . in case you just can  t get enough of this junk  there are quite a lot of creature  features revolving on mutated rats  like the italian schlock film  rats night of terror   the modest    s cult film  willard  and its lame sequel  ben   the      willard  remake starring crispin glover and the surprisingly good recent rat  movies by once  famous directors tibor ticaks   rats   and john lafia   the rats   . go nuts   
camp blood iii is a vast improvement on camp blood ii as it has sound mostly in the right places and a rudimentary plot . this time they  ve ventured slightly further away from the car park the other two movies were filmed in which is a good move as you can no longer hear cars driving past what is supposed to be a remote wilderness .  br    br   this time around there  s a reality tv show and a fake clown to scare off the contestants . this is hardly a new idea  i  ve seen at least three other horror movies with exactly the same premise where the real killer turns up but at least this one has a plot instead of people just randomly being stabbed with a knife .  br    br   unlike the other two in the series this one is at least good for a few laughs . i liked how there  s a gunshot sound effect when someone gets stabbed early on and the way the boom mike hovers behind people like a phantom .  br    br   i don  t know why anyone would want to make a third camp blood film  i would have thought it would be better to start from scratch but they have at least tried with this one . the half naked deformed woman was a bit much for me  it looks like they tried to keep continuity by hiring some freak who would get her clothes off for   just like they did in the second movie . they still haven  t worked out that a machete is used for cutting not stabbing but oh well  it  s a camp blood movie what do you expect  if you like crap films you  ll get some fun out of this one .  
nothing to say but wow  has anyone actually had somebody sneak up on them in an open field  well this happens about   times in this movie  clearly the directors  favorite scare tactic  . in one of the opening scenes the smooth talking  hot shot producer has to ride in the back seat so the camera man could sit in the front to film . shortly after he arrives to the field the  contestants show up and  although it is clearly at latest  in the afternoon they are all convinced that the sun will set any minute . after about   minutes of boobless trash we are privileged with a flashback of the clown  s history in which we see some of his previous victims . if you watch this movie check out the ladies chest . . her ribs go all the way to her neck  it was flat out disgusting . most horror movies action occurs during the night but without a night vision camera the chaos is forced to happen during the day . the few night shots that did make it in to the movie look like they were stolen from the blair witch project or random shots from the directors backyard . the movie somewhat redeemed itself in the end when there was a matrix like shoot out with the clown that we rewound and watched over and over laughing hysterically .  br    br   definitely rent this movie if you have ever been snuck up on in an open field .  br    br   signed  the answer  
this movie was probably the worst movie i have ever seen . here are the things that immediately jump out at me  . the woods were more like hills in los angeles with a couple trees and brush . not scary whatsoever . news flash  if you are filming in the southern california area  big bear is only an hour away . they actually have trees there .  br    br    . the writing was absolutely without a doubt the worst dialogue i have ever experienced . every possible line in the movie was unoriginal  clich  or just plain stupid . for instance the name of the camp is  camp blood   lame   the name of the clown is  the killer clown   lame  . what is a clown doing in a forest anyway  was that the only mask they could find   . the last but certainly the least was the acting . absolutely the worst group of actors and actresses ever assembled . a virtual cornucopia of shitty lines and poor acting . worst part by far was when then randomly flash back to this fat foreign girl getting naked for a a photograph . it  s a really long scene and i guess she was supposed to be sexy  but she was not . also  and this was one of the few enjoyable parts of the movie for me  was this tool who is supposed to be  athletic .  for instance when he is bored in the movie he grabs a couple rocks and starts doing curls with them . then later on he is supposed to be running for the clown and it is immediately clear with his very  girl like  run  that he is quite far from athletic . oh and to the girl who played kat  good lord stop singing . that song you sang for the credits makes me want to kill myself .  br    br   if for some reason you do see this movie  i would at least recommend watching the special features . the group of jackasses who made this film talk about it as if it is this really original story . in fact one of the girls actually says that she let some of her friends read the screenplay and none of them could predict the ending . apparently she hangs out with special kids .  
i should never have started this film  and stopped watching after     s . i missed the really botched ending . this film was a disappointment because it could have been so much better . it had nice atmosphere  a top notch cast and director  good locations . but a baaaaaad story line  a bad script . i paid attention to kenneth branagh  s southern accent   it was better than the script . the plot was stupid   driven by characters acting in unreal and improbable ways . no one behaves like this outside of hollywood scripts .  
after some internet surfing  i found the  homefront  series on dvd at ioffer . com . before anyone gets excited  the dvd set i received was burned by an amateur from home video tapes recorded off of their tv   years ago . the resolution and quality are poor . the images look like you would expect old re  recorded video to look . although the commercials were edited out  the ending credits of each episode still have voice  over announcements for the segway into the abc news program  nightline   complete with the top news headlines from the early      s . even with the poor image quality  the shows were watch  able and the sound quality was fine .  br    br   to this show  s credit  the casting was nearly perfect . everyone was believable and really looked the part . their acting was also above average . the role of jeff metcalf is played particularly well by kyle chandler  most recently seen in the     remake of king kong  . the period costumes were very authentic as were the sets  especially the     s kitchens with vintage appliances and dcor . the direction was also creative and different for a tv show at that time . for example  conversations between characters were sometimes inter  cut with conversations about the same subject between other characters in different scenes . the dialog of the different conversations was kept fluid despite cutting back and fourth between the different characters and locations . that takes good direction and editing and they made it work in this case .  br    br   as i started watching this series again i suddenly remembered why i lost interest in it   years ago . despite all the ingredients for a fine show  the plots and story lines are disappointing and confusing right from the start . for one thing  the name of the show itself is totally misleading . when wwii ended in      there was no more fighting so obviously there was no longer a  homefront  either . curiously  the first episode of the show  homefront  begins in     after the war had ended . that  s like shooting the first episode of  gilligan  s island  showing the castaways being rescued . the whole premise of the show  s namesake is completely lost . i still held on to hope with the possibility of the rest of the series being a flashback but no  the entire show takes place from     through     . additionally  this series fails miserably in any attempt to accurately portray any historical events of the late      s . by the third episode  it becomes obvious that this series was nothing more than a thinly veiled vehicle for an ultra left  wing political agenda . the show is set in river run ohio  near toledo . however  the show  s ongoing racism theme makes it look more like jackson mississippi than ohio . part of the ensemble cast are dick williams  hattie winston and sterling macer jr . who portray the davis family . much of the series shows the davis family being discriminated against by the evil  whites  to the point of being ridiculous and totally absurd if not laughable . the racism card has been played and over played by hollywood now for over   years . we get it . we  re also tired of having our noses rubbed in it on a daily basis . the subject of racism is also unpopular with viewers and it is the kiss of death for any show  as it was for  homefront  . the acting talents of williams  winston and macer were wasted in their roles as the stereotypical  frightened  angry black family  . the wildly exaggerated racism in this series makes it look like everyone in ohio was a kkk member or something . the racism issue could have been addressed in this show in a single episode with a simple punch in the nose or fist  fight in which a bigot gets a well deserved thrashing  and leave it at that . devoting a major portion of the series to the racism thing gets really old really quick and its just plain stupid .  br    br   in yet another ridiculous plot line  the big boss of a local factory  ken jenkins  is portrayed as an ebenezer scrooge like character who is against pensions and raises and is unconcerned about acid dripping on his employees . the workers revolt and take over the factory in a blatant pro  communist propaganda message to the viewer .  br    br   personally  i think this series had great potential . the writers could have easily placed the timeline in          as the title suggests and shown the hardships of food and gas rationing and working   hour days at war factories . of course the loss of brothers  sons and husbands fighting overseas would have also added drama . the situation was also perfect for writing in special guest stars as military or uso personnel passing through their town during training or en  route to europe or the pacific . the possibilities for good story lines and plots are endless . but no  the writers of homefront  david assael and james grissom  completely ignored any relevant or interesting plots . instead  they totally missed the point and strayed into a bizarre and irrelevant obsession with racism and left  wing politics . it would be unfair to the actors to condemn the entire series but the plots and situations in which they were placed are total garbage .  
why did i waste my money on this on the last day of sundance  i want a refund . . . can i have my    back  while i was watching this film i kept waiting for something to happen  nothing did happen . the only way i even knew what it was supposed to be about was by reading the plot  which was not really like the film . why did the director zoom in with their handy cam and then zoom out  it was not very artistic . why did the director show lulu filing her nails for fifteen minutes  why is it when the actors tried to speak they sounded like they were reading  or was that the point  i felt like phantom love had no story at all  and to be honest i felt like my friends vacation videos had a much higher entertainment value than this film .  
this film was so disappointing . from the blurb that made me decide to see phantom love  why is it called this   i had expected something arty and thoughtful with beautiful imagery . it did have some interesting images but these often seemed random and made no sense . in fact they seemed like they were inserted to fill in time . in the end the effect was listless .  br    br   i believe the film was meant to be atmospheric  but it just wasn  t . the lack of a coherent plot did not help matters . you might say it was mysterious  but i think it was just incoherent with no atmosphere .  br    br   the main character seemed to be disturbed but the plot did not draw me in enough to care about her situation . without looking at the cast list i would not have known that you see the main character as a child . the film has very little context for the time  place or character . i am not a prude but the sex scenes  there were several  seemed pointless and confused me further  i recognised lulu but i was not sure if it was the same man  different men  a lover  her husband or was she a prostitute . it was only when i saw the credits that i discovered the hairy back was meant to belong to her lover . this film did manage to make what should have been shocking  dream sequences involving lulu  s mother  seem a bit boring .  br    br   the nail filing actually made more sense  as it did give some indication of lulu  s emotional state . i will not fault the actors as i don  t they had a lot to work on .  br    br   i do not know if the lack of context or flow in the film was because of ineptitude or because it was pretentious but the end result was dull .  br    br   i can  t be bothered talking about it anymore .  
del   you are the dumbest smart person i  ve ever met .   br    br   calvin   well  i had a brain  but they lost it in the re  writes .   br    br   i think what i find most egregious about this bastardization of asimov  s work was how the character of susan calvin was portrayed . in the books  she was actually one of the first strong female protagonists  able to think her way through a problem . here she  s just a damsel in distress  waiting to be rescued by wil smith .  br    br   there are passing references to asimov  s laws of robotics  but they are an afterthought to the cgi and action scenes .  br    br   smith is likable  as he is in most of his films  but honestly  the story isn  t that good . you figure it out long before these genius characters do .  
waiting to go inside the theathre with tickets in my hand  i expected an interesting sci  fi fantasy movie which could finally feed my appetite of movies regarding robot  technology  instead i went disappointed by each aspect of it  once more proving that stunning special effects can  t help a boring plot  which by my opinion was the worse in this year . acting in this movie also dissatisfied me  will smith didn  t show anything new in this movie  yet i never saw his acting to change since  men in black  which was his only success by my opinion . he had to retire since than  not spoiling his name with titles like  i  robot  and  men in black   .      
i can  t really think of any redeeming features of this utterly bad rendering on asimov than the art direction . forget the product placement disaster  the unconvincing performance from will smith and the gargantuan plot  holes . this wasn  t only laughable and but painful to watch . even the action was boring . a mixture of mtv inspired production values and utterly bad dialogue probably aimed at very small children .  br    br   what a shame that sci  fi this bad can still be made after we  ve had bladerunner  minority report or to a lesser extent dark city  by the same director  . this one really belongs in the bottom    list . truly awful .  
after perusing the large amount of comments on this movie it is clear that there are two kinds of science fiction movie  goers . there are the ones who are well read  extremely literate  and intelligent . they know the history of the genre and more importantly they know to what heights it can reach in the hands of a gifted author . for many years science fiction languished in the basement of literature . considered my most critic to be little more than stories of ray guns and aliens meant for pre  pubescent teenagers . today  s well read fan knows well this history  and knows the great authors asimov  heinlein  bradbury  and ellison  who helped bring science fiction out of that basement . in doing so they created thought provoking  intelligent stories that stretched the boundaries and redefined the human condition . this well informed fans are critical of anything hollywood throws at them . they are not critical for it  s own sake  but look upon each offering with a skeptical eye .  as they should as hollywood  s record has been less than stellar .  to these fans the story must take supreme importance . they cannot be fooled by flashy computer graphics  and non stop action sequences . when the emperor has no clothes they scream it the loudest .  br    br   the second type of science fiction movie goer has little knowledge about the written aspect of the genre .  look at many of the above comments that state  well i haven  t read the book or anything by this author . . .  their total exposure to science fiction is from movies or the scifi channel . they are extremely uncritical  willing to overlook huge plot holes  weak premises  and thin story lines if they are given a healthy dose of wiz bang action and awesome special effects . they are  in effect  willing to turn off their critical thinking skills  or maybe they never had them   for the duration of the movie . case in point  i robot . while supposedly based on asimov  s short stories and named after one of his novels  it contains little of what asimov wrote and even less of what he tried to tell us about humanity and our robotic creations .  those of you that will run out and buy i  robot will be very much surprised  this movie isn  t even based on that story at all    br    br   the film has enormous plot holes  that at some points are stretched to the limits of credulity . i won  t point them out . i won  t spoon feed you . you need to practice you thinking skills and discover them for yourself . the characters  which are named after many of asimov  s characters  do not possess the critical intelligence that was a hallmark of his stories . the plot itself with all it  s action sequences goes against everything that the author stood for . his belief that humanity possesses the capacity to solve problems using their minds  not their fists  is vital to understanding his vision of the future . in short  other than the name  their is very little of isaac in anything about this movie . there will always be those uncritical  i . e . unthinking  who will state  the movie doesn  t have to be like the book . due to the medium  movies sometimes require that changes be made .  but what about a case where the movie never even tried to stay close to the book  or books  from the start  what if all they took from the written work was the title  this begs the question why tarnish a great body of work by slapping it  s title on your vacuous piece of crap  save money and don  t buy the rights to the works . title it something else . don  t use the character  s names . believe me no one will accuse you of plagiarism . in fact it won  t matter what you title it to the unread moviegoer who accepts everything you throw at him . but it will upset those who read  who think  who are unwilling to simply let you give them a pretty light show .  br    br   i  robot  like much of hollywood  s take on the genre  pushes science fiction back down into that basement it lived in years ago . hollywood could not do this alone . it takes an uncritical mindless audience that will accept puerile dredge like this .  
i just saw this film on dvd last night  and decided to check out the reviews this morning . it seems that  i  robot  has polarized the critical viewing community here on imdb  and given rise to a lot of insults and name  calling  too  .  br    br   i find this somewhat surprising  as this film is not great  or even good   but neither is it terrible  or even really bad  . what this film really is  is . . . depressing . depressing that the us film  goer population is so ready to lap up insipid  clichd re  heats  and acclaim them as spectacular new works . this film as  retread  written all over it  from the plot line  an uneasy mix of asimov and modern  day uber  action  to smith  s character  a smart  mouthed cynic with a backbone of titanium   to the special effects  that borrowed from matrix and a few others  .  br    br    i  robot  is  sadly  quite possibly the perfect action movie for today  s audience superficial plot  insipidly snappy dialog  and lots and lots of adrenaline . smith is mediocre  but we already knew that  he seems to be hollywood  s latest unsuccessful attempt to create a black bruce willis  . the story has lots of holes in it  of all sizes  but i don  t think most people drawn to this film are critically  minded enough to notice . perhaps a blockbuster by today  s standards  but very b  movie compared to true winners .  
this is probably the most boring  worse and useless film i have seen last year . the plot that was meant to have some philosophical aspects emerged to me as a very bad hollow copy of the matrix  with plenty of clichs the lone wolf cop  good looking  psychologically disturbed  sleeping with his gun . . .  nice hard worker and shy  but good looking she  scientist  you add a  cent plot and you have i  robot  i was terribly disturbed by the obvious advertising of brands like fedex  audi  converse etc . this movie stinks the commercialization and tend to be more a poor ad spot that unfortunately will not end after   sec . i wouldn  t recommend this to my worse enemy  if you have some spare time  watch a good tv program instead or better read a nice book .  
in spite of the great future  design touches  the clever asimov premise  and will smith  s dependable cool performance  this movie doesn  t live up to expectations . the clichs come thick and fast  waking from a recurring nightmare  maverick cop has his badge revoked by hardass lieutenant  to list more would be spoiling it  you can see the end a mile off  . this movie is also stagebound  you never feel that you have travelled anywhere what  s supposed to be a global disaster never leaves an obviously cgi chicago . the robots themselves are good in closeup  but the  crowd  scenes look more like bad disney  the cgi is overdone again and again . and if you can destroy the robots by smashing them  why do they need to inject  nanites   you know it  s a duff movie when stupid questions like that start to bother you before the climax . it could have been great  but it  s less than the sum of its parts  mainly due to the utterly predictable plot that could have come from any action film of the last forty years .  
the only thing remarkable about this movie  is that all the actors could bomb at the same time . idiocy . i want my money back . . . and i got it free from the library . sheesh . i would rather chew on tin fool and shave my head with a cheese grater then watch this again .  
this  film  is the culmination of everything that is bad about modern film . unnecessary slow motion  unnecessary flipping  jumping  somersaults  unnecessary characters  unnecessary dialogue . . . . basically unnecessity .  is that a word  well  it  s just been invented by i  robot .   br    br   what happened to practicality   i . e . the car garage  the skin spray  the only tool that shows a combination of futuristic and realistic function is the card swipe at the coffee shop .  br    br   what happened to showing respect for women   i . e . smith  s character does nothing but degrade the doctor for the better part of the film  and yet she still  wants  him . where is the tension  i  ll tell you where  good looks and not admiration or common ground   br    br   what happened to a detective that detects  smith did nothing but sit around and feel sorry for himself  complaining to other people  and when they said something that sparked a thought he was off . this is such a lame way to get the story from point b  c  d  etc . . . it was ok once  but not several times in a row .  speaking of several times in a row  what was the  i  m snoring and not listening to you joke  twice in one scene    br    br   what happened to the small parts in a movie being somewhat meaningful and not just a tool to promote rescue scenes  shia labeouf  the kid  is in the movie for a total of two scenes  we know that a  he degrades women  and b  he knows smith . . . . . . . so of course we should care about him and whether or not he comes to harm   br    br   what happened to hero  s  let  s just forget that there are people  women and children everywhere getting attacked by robots and selfishly save the only person withing my view that i have an acquaintance with . and why did he have to ramp his bike through the air  showing off  while the doctor was somehow able to reach the same distance in a matter of seconds on foot .  br    br   don  t get me wrong  i  m all for spectacle . but i  m also all for a shred of realism and meaning .  br    br   i have to say i  ve never laughed quite so hard at a film in a long time . so thanks alex .  br    br   i pray for the swing of the social pendulum back to simpler techniques  simpler stories and simpler everything else in films . . . . . . but mainly simpler techniques .  br    br   big budget action films  you so have to die   
this movie was a mess . it had the absolute worst editing i have ever seen . it was almost like at the end of a scene the writer wanted to go to commercial  and the filmmaker added a second of black screen to fulfill the writers dream .  br    br   under the messy direction and editing  there was a glimmer of something good . a good idea  a compelling spark . but somewhere it went wrong .  br    br   the story is about a quasi  psychic priest who is trying to solve a string of murders . the first thing that is hard to bite into is richard grieco as a priest . well the part doesn  t call for him to be a good priest and he succeeds rather well . the second problem is dennis hopper as the crazy bad guy . he always plays the crazy bad guy . very ho hum .  br    br   oh  a thought occured to me that maybe all the jumpy  horrible editing and disconnected plot was trying to add a sense of the confusion the character  grieco  was experiencing . and just to prove that it was contrived they rolled the credits backwords . not a good sign for any movie .  br    br    
this was an impulse pick up for me from the local video store . don  t make the same mistake i did . this movie is tedious  unconvincingly acted  and generally boring . the dialogue between the young priest and his uncle is particularly poorly written and delivered i cringed at every scene they shared . dennis hopper makes a few sparse appearances and is his usual disjointed self his role was clearly not a stretch for him . and although the movie is supposedly set in puerto rico  it feels a lot more like a hollywood movie lot all of the main characters are caucasian and several tend to speak english with pseudo  irish accents . odd . anyway  when you see this one on the shelf of your local video store  keep walking .  
first of all  what is good in the movie  some pretty actress  the exotic background  the fact that the actors don  t laugh while acting  i would have if i had been in their situation   i don  t know . the storyline is simple  a catholic priest who does abstract painting tries to find out who  another abstract painter  killed his little brother  a male prostitute  raped by another priest when he was young . . .  . i  m afraid there is nothing here to learn or to let think a little about serial killers  art or religion . dennis hopper is not very good here . this is the worst episode of the worst season of  profiler   the serie  with replacement actors and unbelievable coincidences  the uncle is the policeman who  the girl who lives at another victim  s house could have a baby with the priest  etc .  etc  .  
i  ll give writer  director william gove credit for finding someone to finance this ill  conceived  thriller .  a good argument for not wasting money subscribing to hbo  let alone buying dvds based on cover art and blurbs . a pedestrian dennis hopper and a game richard grieco add nothing significant to their resumes  although the art direction is not half bad . the dialogue will leave you grimacing with wonder at its conceit this is storytelling at its worst . no tension  no suspense  no dread  no fear  no empathy  no catharsis  no nothing . a few attractive and often nude females spice up the boredom  but this is definitely a film best seen as a trailer . i feel sorry for the guy who greenlighted this thing . good for late  night  zoned  out viewing only . you have been warned .  
a splendid example of how hollywood could  and still can  take a masterpiece of literary fiction and stupidly foul it up .  br    br   in the case of  the big sky   writer dudley nichols and company arrogantly assumed they could improve upon a classic pioneer novel by the pulitzer prize  winning author  a . b . guthrie . in so doing  they removed the soul of the story and any edge and impact it may have had as a film adaptation .  br    br   the epic nature of guthrie  s book and the evolution of its main character  boone caudill  from a naive  kentucky lad into a hardened and competent survivor  mountain man  has been replaced with a downscaled riverboat farce that bears little resemblance to the author  s intent . in the movie version  boone  s presence is nothing except underwhelming .  br    br   intriguing and even shocking plot elements that give guthrie  s novel impact and excitement have been removed for no apparent reason whatsoever . most puzzling of all is the emphasis placed upon the zeb calloway character  who was an incidental  minor character in the book  only occupying a handful of pages . on the other hand  a very important and fascinating character  dick summers  the veteran pioneer  is missing altogether    it is also apparent that director hawks decided the zeb character in the movie  played by actor hunnicutt  wasn  t irritating enough . so zeb  hunnicutt was given a significant amount of time doing that obnoxious  voice  over narration that is the hollywood short cut for incompetent screen writing  editing  and direction .  br    br   some movies have actually improved upon the books upon which they were based  william wyler  s  ben  hur  is an excellent example  . but this is horrible and depressing not only as an adaptation of a novel but as a film unto itself .  br    br   the story is dull and clichd  and the characters  at least the ones that have not been edited out of the script  are just shallow and boring shadows of guthrie  s literary vision . and unfortunately  kirk douglas  star appeal  which could have helped lift this film  was scuttled by the milktoast role he was given .  br    br   if you can believe it  the film version of guthrie  s pulitzer prize  winning sequel   the way west   also starring kirk  is even worse .  br    br   in my opinion   the big sky  further solidifies howard hawks  place as one of the most overrated  tepid directors in the history of cinema .  
anyone that has see tammuz  s child eaters knows that this is a director that can do better . let  s hope it was not a case of too many hands in the pot  telefilm anyone   and that is was a case of second feature jitters . the characters are one dimensional and over used . the scenery is terrific however and showcases the pacific northwest beautifully .  br    br   the cinematography is great . shot almost entirely outside  the images are crisp and beautiful . you can almost smell the wind blowing through the leaves .  br    br   technically this movie is as sound as they come  it just lacks a heart .  
not only was this the most expensive canadian film ever shot in bc  but easily the worst  never seeing the light of day . the director is not even canadian  but british  and boy does it show . we are all made out to be a bunch of over  sexed dope fiends and morons . the spirit of what it means to be canadian is absent  and this is supposed to be the reason we fund this bunk . of course the british character is normal . the rest are a crop of sitcom stereotype  can you say  norm     the cinematography ranges from pretty postcard images to murky indoor silhouettes . the actors always seem to be fidgetting . are they as bored as the viewer  or is this the directors idea of cinema  avoid this mess and check out some of bruce mcdonalds films . a true canadian boy with something original to say cinematically . you won  t be compelled to walk out on his films after   minutes .  
this movie makes canadians and brits out to be asinine  moronic idiots . the men get stoned  drunk  and then they yell  beat each other up in almost every scene . the women are superfluous to the story  i do not understand what they are there for  they spend every scene causing a ruckus  or worse  milling around like mesmerized cattle . apparently  canadian women are either quarrelsome vulgar tramps or hulking hippie chicks . it  s the standard knocked  up girlfriend  her loser boyfriend and his wicked mother ludicrousness that we have seen in countless movies before .  br    br   every character here is a carping  infantile stereotype . not to mention that they all looked like they need a shower  and the idea of any kind of scene implying sex with george wendt  shudder  is enough to make anyone gag  i watched the movie because samuel west was in it  but i cannot understand why he would have accepted a role like this . maybe he needed the money . ian tracey is a superb actor  the only one with a vague redeeming moment  but his talent is wasted here .  br    br   as for the rest of the plot  the three imbeciles trying to get their dope back  yawn  or karl  who is dead  but who is actually a character very much alive in the minds of those left behind  almost like rebecca in alfred hitchcock  s masterpiece  although i am ashamed to even have thought to compare these two films   why even bother  karl is so galling that you find the circumstances of his death gratifying .  br    br   by the end of this wretched movie  i thought they would all have been better off going down with him on that boat   
i found this on the shelf while housesitting and bored . how can people possibly give this a    it  s not just that it  s supposed to be a feel  good redemption film  i think   because it doesn  t work on that level either . weak plot  bad dialogue  terrible acting there  s just nothing there . harvey keitel is decent  but has nothing to work with  and bridget fonda and especially johnathon schaech are just terrible . the plot progression  especially the relationship between byron and ashley  makes no sense . it seems like the writers wanted the plot to go a certain way and made it  without actually writing in the necessary bits to make it flow . it  s only an hour and a half  but that  s   minutes of your life you  ll never get back .  
this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen . branaugh seemed to have so much trouble remembering his accent that he couldn  t deliver his lines . the plot was definitely not worthy of john grisham  s name . no wonder it was never published as a book or released in theaters . i didn  t even watch the whole thing . i decided i didn  t care who done it  then realized there was no  whodunit  to care about   
might contain possible spoilers  not that anything in this film is new or will even mildly surprise you for that matter   br    br   why does disney feel the need to recycle everything they ever made into oblivion  sure it  s cheaper for them  but after a while  wouldn  t you think there overall quality and the way people think of them would drop off . house of villains is a despicable display of cartoon crossovers that make absolutely no sense at all . some signs of the total disregard for previous films in this are the voices don  t even remotely match up and iago is evil again  since when    i know that these films are directly towards children but there was a time when all could enjoy disney films . even the movie  s musical number  which had been disney  s specialty for years  stunk . i wouldn  t recommend this film to anyone even the very young . all i can is that if more of these movies of the same caliber are released  it  s only a matter of time before some small animation studio surpasses disney in overall quality .  
have not watched kids films for some years  so i missed  here come the tigers  when it first came out .  never even saw  bad news bears  even though in the    s i worked for the guys who arranged financing for that movie   warriors    man who would be king   and  rocky horror picture show   among others .  now i like to check out old or small movies and find people who have gone on to great careers despite being in a less than great movie early on . just minutes into this movie i could take no more and jumped to the end credits to see if there was a young actor in this movie who had gone on to bigger and better things   at least watching for his  her appearance would create some interest as the plot and acting weren  t doing the job . lo and behold  i spied wes craven  s name in the credits as an electrical gaffer . he  d already made two or three of his early shockers but had not yet created freddie krueger or made the  scream  movies . maybe he owed a favor and helped out on this pic . more surprising was fred j . lincoln in the cast credits as  aesop   a wacky character in the movie . f . j . lincoln  from the    s to just a few years ago  appeared in and produced adult films . he was associated with the adult spoof  the ozporns   and just that title is funnier than all of  tigers  attempts at humor combined . let the fact that an adult actor was placed in a kids movie be an indication as to how the people making this movie must have been asleep at the wheel .  
the saddest part of this is the fact that these are   minutes i  ll never get back . i knew this was terrible from the get  go  with the guy dressed as a lunatic indian chief on top of the roof .  see if they could get away with that in      . my    year  old boy is really into baseball right now  so we decided to rent it on a rainy day . even though he seemed to enjoy parts of it  i had to cringe when i heard all the needless foul language . bad  bad movie . this was an awful ripoff of bad news bears . completely shameless and completely predictable . i don  t mind a predictable movie if it  s done well  but this one absolutely was not .  
i just watched this horrid thing on tv . needless to say it is one of those movies that you watch just to see how much worse it can get . frankly  i don  t know how much lower the bar can go .  br    br   the characters are composed of one lame stereo  type after another  and the obvious attempt at creating another  bad news bears  is embarrassing to say the very least .  br    br   i have seen some prized turkeys in my time  but there is no reason to list any of them since this is  numero uno  .  br    br   let me put it to you this way  i watched the vanilla ice movie  because it was so bad it was funny . this . . . this . . . is not even that good .  
what a stinkeroo this turned out to be    at one time  much earlier in her career  linda darnell was one of my favorites  no great shakes as an actress  but very beautiful and pleasant  particularly in films like  the mark of zorro  and  blood and sand   but when i saw this monstrosity  the memories of her golden days faded quickly . the story is unbelievable and farcical  the acting second  rate  the supporting cast insufferable . i cannot think of a more immature performance by anyone when compared to tab hunter  and donald gray had to be the most boring leading man they could have picked . added to this  was the terrible photography  and i am not just referring to the color   everyone associated with this  must have shuddered whenever it was shown .  
this movie is horrible  it rivals  ishtar  in the number of embarrassingly bad moments . i would have rated it lower than a   save for a couple of funny lines but  overall  this film was crap  it looked like they made it over a weekend at some bankrupt resort somewhere . joe roth should join elaine may on the directing sidelines forever   
when my wife and i decided to watch this movie we thought it couldn  t fail . i love billy crystal  my wife loves julia roberts and everyone we talked to said they loved it .  br    br   we were misled  in spades .  br    br   on my part  i felt billy crystal  s character was extremely one  dimensional and did very little for the film . sure  he cracked a couple of good jokes  but as a character he did nothing but take up space .  br    br   and poor julia roberts . in past shows she plays well as a strong  willed  self  determined lady . in this flick  she seems completely repressed and had very little fire . this is not the julia roberts that my wife enjoys watching .  br    br   ok  if i were to find one good thing  it would have to be christopher walken . now that  s entertainment . but  just like billy crystal  hardly anything is shown of his character .  br    br   if you  re looking for a night of mindless laughs with very little redeeming value  go see it . but if you  re looking for a smart  romantic comedy  this is not your film . it  s none of the above .  
shame on julia roberts and john cusack . they are so talented and should not have had any part in this movie . the storyline was dumb and predictable . the jokes were not funny . the romance was not really romance . i was all too happy when this movie ended .  
characters you don  t care about  relationships you don  t care about and you sit through all that to see the ending you knew was coming from the start . julia roberts usually leaves no impression on me one way or the other . she was actually somewhat endearing in this role .  
i found this film to be an utter dissapointment . the talent available to the director  notably stanley tucci  chris walken  hank azaria and alan arkin  without even mentioning the four main leads   have been completely wasted on an unfunny  mediocre story  whose conclusion one couldn  t really care about once introduced to the dire  stereo  typed characters . julia roberts is feeble  zeta  jones is just plain annoying  appearing to reprise her role from high fidelity  minus the humour   crystal just plays his same old hyper  active  neurotic  annoying alter  ego and cusack simply walks through his part  apparently bored with the whole project .  br    br   for what is supposed to be a  romantic comedy   there is absolutely no romance between the central characters  let alone chemistry  and as for the comedy   possible spoilers  well  the only moments of mild humour came off the back of cusack  s role in grosse pointe and his relationship with alan arkin  the scriptwriter obviously unable to show any originality whatsoever .  spoilers  azaria was reasonably amusing as the mexican lover and walken did quite an amusing turn as a parody of an arthouse  maverick  dogme type director  but these parts constituted very little screen time and instead  spoilers  we were treated to billy crystal having his groin sniffed by a dog . pure genius .  br    br   for a huge fan of the majority of john cusack  s work  not to mention the rest of the fantastic cast  i was completely let down by a film with plenty of good ideas  and at the same time completely unwilling to explore or elaborate on any of them  instead resorting to the same old genre cliches and even lowering itself to the depths of almost  gross  out  teen  movie  humour at times .  br    br   a very poor     .  
have you ever heard the saying that people  telegraph their intentions   well in this movie  the characters  actions do more than telegraph future plans   they show up at your house drunk and buffet you about the head . this could be forgiven if the setting had been used better  or if the characters were more charismatic or nuanced . embeth davidtz  s character is not mysterious  just wooden  and kenneth branagh doesn  t succeed in conveying the brash charm his character probably was written to have .  br    br   the bottom line obvious plot  one  note performances  unlikeable characters  and grotesque  southern  accents employed by british actors .  
billy crystal normally brings the crowd to laughter  but in this movie he and all the rest of them cannot bring any smile on my face . . . . or perhaps just one . they call it comedy  i say it  s a waste of my time .  
in fact  it never was . i  m not sure why billy crystal wanted to recreate a     s screwball comedy . what a vacuous shambles  none of these people come close to a cary grant  spencer tracy  katherine hepburn  etc  and anyway  today  s audience isn  t as receptive to this facile muck . writing is trivial . the hackneyed plot is razor thin and obvious . the chemistry between the leading characters is non  existent . it  s interesting that julia roberts seems to think she  s a reincarnation of some big star from the  golden age of hollywood   whenever that may be . it  s an effect she tries and fails to attain yet again with richard gere in runaway bride .  
the only scenes wich made me laugh where the ones with christopher walken in it  the crazy filmdirector  the rest of the movie was just boring . in the first hour or so nothing really happens . jokes which supposed to be funny aren  t and zeta jones douglas is really overacting . julia roberts does a routine job of the former ugly duck  yeah right   into the girl next door  where did i see this before   who gets the guy . for short . i really didn  t care what would happen with the main characters . if cusack really fell of the building in a suicide attempt the movie could have been more interresting to watch .  
i have seen a lot of bad movies with big actors in it . but this movie was terrible . i have yet to see why people thought it was funny . the idea behind it is stupid . plus all the things that are supposed to be funny are just dumb . why anyone would want to watch this more than once just baffles me   
it was disgusting and painful . what a waste of a cast  i swear  the audience     full  laughed twice in   minutes . this is not a lie . do not even rent it .  br    br   zeta jones was just too mean to be believable .  br    br   cusack was ok . just ok . i felt sorry for him  the actor  in case people remember this mess .  br    br   roberts was the same as she always is . charming and sweet  but with no purpose . the  romance  with john was completely unbelievable .  
wow  what a great cast  julia roberts  john cusack  christopher walken  catherine zeta  jones  hank azaria . . . what  s that  a script  you say  now you  re just being greedy  surely such a charismatic bunch of thespians will weave such fetching tapestries of cinematic wonder that a script will be unnecessary  you  d think so  but no . america  s sweethearts is one missed opportunity after another . it  s like everyone involved woke up before each day  s writing  shooting  editing and though  you know what  i  ve been working pretty hard lately  and this is guaranteed to be a hit with all these big names  right  i  m just gonna cruise along and let somebody else carry the can .  so much potential  yet so painful to sit through . there isn  t a single aspect of this thing that doesn  t suck . even julia  s fat suit is lame .  
how this film was made with so many big stars is beyond me . this is a terrible clich  ridden film with the worst acting any of these actors have ever done . it really surprises me that so many of these a list stars would agree to this unfunny film . what  s even worse is the fact that is made almost    million here in the states . it does go to show however that big stars can pull in the bucks  even if the film is terrible . i felt sorry for everyone involved in this snore  fest . billy crystal tried his best with the what he was given and the rest of the stars seemed to be walking through the motions . whatever you do  don  t fall for the excellent cast because no one could have saved this .  
let me put it another way balls . or  how about bolloks . this is truly awful  more embarrassing than those it attempts to satirise . julia roberts is a skilled actress  and usually her work is of the highest standard . this movie is so lacking in direction even she struggles to look proficient . normally she is the consummate professional  yet i swear that in her eyes  there were signs of bewilderment and despair .  br    br   the one thing that might have rescued this move was the idea about the director  chris walken  turning the movie into a secret documentary about the actors . unfortunately  that theme wasn  t explored to it  s full potential . too little  too late .  br    br   zeta jones was wooden  cusack was cusack  and crystal should stick to acting . the two talented ex  buffy stars had different experiences  green hopelessly mis  cast  and balfour under  used . well done to julia for just about preventing this from being the worst movie ever made .  
and i mean ultra light . this film features four giant stars  about three and a half jokes and nothing beyond that .  br    br   there really isn  t too much to say about this stinker  other than that although it has a couple of really good bits  most of it isn  t very funny . nor does it work at all as a romance . how about as a romantic comedy  not on your life . most of the dialogue is way too flat to be sophisticated  much less amusing .  br    br   what  s really ashame is the premise is not bad at all . this movie could have been so much more  especially with all the recent focus on some of the bogus ways in which films are promoted  complete with phony quotes from critics . the film uncovers the un  mined territory of the press junket   those all expense paid trips for journalists who almost always write nice reviews . but instead of exploring what should have been a motherlode of jokes  it devotes all of about three minutes to this territory and moves on in pursuit of the film  s lame romance .  br    br   the same with catherine zeta  jones  character   the whinny  self centered movie star . zeta  jones does a good job with what she  s given  but she  s given practically nothing . it  s all homogenized junk that looks very pale in comparison with some of the things we  ve heard about stars over the years .  br    br   in the end  it is hard to understand what made zeta  jones  julia roberts  john cusack and billy crystal sign aboard this doomed ship  which sinks like a rerun of  the love boat .  in fact  as the old joke goes  they should have forgotten the script and filmed the deal . it would probably make a better story . so  go ahead and tell us  filmmakers  what do you have on these stars that got them to appear in this   
if you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of alt    oklar  as it is promised by the tag line  you will be very disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of alt    oklar regarding most famous issues like sex  marriage and cheating . to much nudity  which seems to appear from nowhere and has no connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that alt    oklar was unsuccessfully to  try something new  as he has quoted . to much sex centered jokes seems to show that alt    oklar had fallen for the famous saying which is  sex sells .  i was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique . however in the end i found myself sitting down for   minutes and watching alt    oklar  s experimental yet still to much focused on popularism work .  
divorced lawyer rick magruder  branagh  stumbles drunk out of a party hosted by his firm one night and has a chance meeting with a woman named mallory doss  davidtz   who was a waitress at the party and seems to have lost her car . rick drives the woman to her home and there they discover that her car has been already parked there  seemingly by her father  dixon doss  duvall  . rick and mallory walk into the house arguing about the situation when mallory carelessly undresses in front of rick  and he then spends the night with her .  br    br   rick wakes up in the morning and mallory encounters him later in the day  asking him to file suit against her father because of his dangerous behavior . rick  now obsessed with mallory and willing to do anything for her  is successful in having dixon put on trial and sent to prison  but when he is freed by his local friends  rick finds himself in a trouble  trying to protect himself and his children from the danger he has unknowingly brought to life .  
first of all  i am not a huge fan of contemporary turkish cinema  which is because  the usual pattern of creating a box office success is by hitting below the waistline . this movie is nothing of an artistic masterpiece that deals with taboos  as the director and marketing ads imply . in my mere opinion  the sole purpose of this movie is make money by touching a sensitive morale  in fact it is mostly considered taboo in the native country  cheap populism might provide with a brief definition of what i meant .  br    br   however  the acting is near perfect . in fact  most of the cast has theatrical background and tried hard to compensate for what altioklar lacked talent  all members of the cast were perfectly fit in their roles and well qualified for the job  even the less experienced ones .  like janset  at least  altioklar deserves a small word of appreciation  just because he knows well how to choose the cast . other than that  he is just a media monkey  who presumes himself a director with an artistic talent . come on  art is not something that solely consists of dealing with naked  half naked women . and just because media boasts off  no director becomes a milestone in the history of turkish cinema . just close your ears and o something real artistic  i am waiting eagerly to applause your next work . hope  this time you manage to achieve an artistic approach .  br    br   in short pros  good acting  hot women  just kidding     cons  each and every single thing  other than the cast  
terrible movie . if there is one turkish film you should avoid seeing in      that should be banyo . what a waste of time . other than couple of cheap laughs this movie achieves nothing  nada  zilch  nil . the dialog is cheap  and sexual clichs are all over it . the director needs to watch more films before attempting to direct his own . the red headed women displays examples of what an actress should not do . if you are interested in learning how not to act this is a perfect example of bad acting . the only good thing i can say about the movie is  wait  wait  there is nothing good i can say about it . i must have really disliked it to write about it this much . jeez   
this movie offers nothing but the dumbest conversations possible . as a matter of fact i most probably could not have imagined how meaningless a film  how synthetic the dialogs could be until an hour ago  but then again i saw this video . in a movie that does not depend on a powerful script  one expects to see at least good acting and tasty conversations and even some humor maybe  yet this movie lacks them all . you heard me it lacks them all . there is not a single point i like about this movie  none . i hate it . i  m sure anyone will do so too . the name is intended to give the target audience some thoughts of nudity and stuff  yet it fails even at the nudity . i don  t know how but i beared to watch this thing for an hour or so  and i definitely recommend you don  t do so . worst movie i  ve seen in my entire life . if someone offers you to watch it  ruuun awaaaaay saaaaaave your liiiiiiiiife  
i saw this film at the     toronto international film festival . based on a novella by science  fiction author brian aldiss  this film attempts to tell the story of tom and barry howe  conjoined twins who are plucked from their family by an impresario in order to form a rock band .  br    br   almost deliberately gimmicky  the film is also too clever by half  if you  ll pardon the pun  . by mixing genres  styles and moods  the directors  whose previous film was the excellent documentary lost in la mancha  lose their way pretty quickly . i was never sure whether i was meant to take it all seriously or not . flashbacks  dream sequences  it was all just a bit much . plus  the promised rock and roll just didn  t move me . i was reminded a bit too much at times of hedwig and the angry inch  a film i found original and moving . but in this case  the songs just weren  t as good  nor were the main characters sympathetic . a more unfavourable comparison would be the similarly disappointing velvet goldmine .  
this is quite possibly the worst movie of all time . it stars shaquille o  neil and is about a rapping genie . apparently someone out there thought that this was a good idea and got suckered into dishing out cash to produce this wonderful masterpiece . the movie gets  out of   .  
would someone tell shaq to stick to what he is good at basketball . this movie was not even entertaining on a stupid level . in this movie shaq plays a genie who lives in a boom box is that not orginal a genie in a boom box instead of a lamp . he is supposed to help a little boy played by the equally annoying francais cappra . this movie had the most flimsy storyline since water world  the acting was awful and i think that anyone who likes this flim would be afraid to admit it .  
this film proves that the  commercial  cinema  or else  the hollywood movies are in a serious crisis . there is absolutely no reason that this movie should have been produced apart from the fact that somebody expected success based on shaquille  s name . there is no worth referring to the plot it is a bit more perplexed than a knot . what else  the screen is somewhat dim  o  neal is a bad actor but francis capra is even worse .  br    br   rating     .  
there was a genie played by shaq his name was kazaam  and he was whack his rhymes were corny  this lines were bad some stupid kid cryin over his stupid dad bad actin  bad casting  bad special effects whats next  this movie sucks prolly didn  t make   bucks he lives in a boombox not a lamp hurts like a cramp like a wet food stamp . . .  br    br   yeah  you get it  a stupid rhyming genie who can  t act  in a stupid movie with horrible special effects . oh  and its confusing as hell . i  m not even gonna go on . let  s just say  it belongs in the  its so bad  its funny  category . watch it once with your buddies and get a good laugh . but don  t expect anything spectacular .  
yes  kazaam is one of those horribly bad movies that almost reminds one of everything that is wrong with not just kids movies  but with humanity . here we have shaq as a rapping genie  yes  a rapping genie  where he does everything from making bad puns to dressing in ridiculous outfits  all ending in him in a christ  like pose with lots of light surrounding him . so  yeah  expect really cheesy bits  including the first wish being a lot of junk food falling down from the sky  and  regrettably  not knocking out the two main characters  particularly the kid  . what might not be expected is that a film with a kid and shaquille o  neill would be so incredibly schmaltzy  the main plot of the film involves this kid  played in that all  too  typical and annoying  kid fashion by the great  grandson of frank capra  where in which the kid is yelling out his dialog angrily   who comes upon a genie who  s been trapped in a boom  box . then  hiarity ensues  as the kid makes the shaq  genie his quasi  slave as he waits on his last two wishes as he tries to make amends with his shady  gang  type absentee father .  br    br   this really sappy  contrived son and father story would be bad enough  as there are certain lines that have been uttered in a million other movies  i . e . the  two chances in life  speech from father to son  . but it  s shaquille o  neill who is both the reason to watch the film  ironically   and the obvious sinking crux of it all . his plot line involves him  when not getting the over  talky treatment from capra  to rap within the dialog and also start off his blossoming recording career . on top of this  he also kicks ass and takes names with the main bad guys who want him back in the boom  box . so is there a camp factor to the movie  up to a point  but this is even squashed by all of the mushy scenes and  heart  felt  moments that have really no business with the rest of the material . one might ask if the people making the movie  who were obviously doing it at the behest of the popularity of a basketball player who wanted to go on the michael jordan acting bandwagon  if it would be anywhere near decently entertaining or convincing . i  d hope that they too knew they were just getting paid . but i  d hope even more that they felt at least a little guilty afterwords for feeding the shaq  machine .  br    br   so  if you want to have a fun night of shaq as genie  turned  rapper  turned  wisecracker  all the more fun to you . hell  it might even be interesting to have a shaq movie night with this and his other critically acclaimed effort steel . but if you  re hoping to keep a few brain cells  stay away from what is very likely the worst flick of      and a candidate among many others for worst of the    s .  
this movie is so  so  so horrible  that it makes angels lose their wings . shaq had tried to make other crossover efforts  like his work in shaq  fu for the nes and his plethora of unbearable rap albums  and later  the epic serving of horrible film  making that is steel .  br    br   there  s not a single good thing to be said about this movie . i saw it a bunch of times when i was very young  but i must  ve been an idiot then  because this movie takes all that is enjoyable about films and tears it apart . it  s fun to mock . i saw it on the disney channel a while back and spent a few minutes doing that . although  once the thrill of mocking it is done  you still become overwhelmed by its terribleness .  br    br   if you see it on tv  try this consider  as your watching the film  removing from it all the scenes in which shaq uses his magical genie powers . if you do that  it becomes like a film about a pedophile chasing a kid and rapping to seduce him . that  s kinda funny  and disturbing .  br    br   a horrible example of film . do not  unless looking to mock it  see this movie .  
i feel like i  m the only kid in town who was annoyed by branagh  s performance . he is a fine actor by most accounts  but he simply could not pull off the southern accent . i mean  it was deplorable . it was as if he was trying too hard to be a yank . one of the previous reviewers questioned why u . s . actors were not cast in this film . i second that notion . it  s wonderful when actors  actresses wish to expand their horizons  but it  s another thing to try too hard so that a performance becomes strained . maybe it was altman  but he  s a such a great director . . .  br    br   well  i really don  t want to bash branagh for his absolutely hideous accent too much . everybody deserves to screw up here and there . but it is hard to watch something so annoying that you  d rather choke on a chicken bone or eat a bucket full of crap than sit through the gingerbread man .  
if the crew behind  zombie chronicles  ever read this  here  s some advice guys  br    br    . in a  twist ending   type movie  it  s not a good idea to insert close  ups of every death in the movie in the opening credits . that tends to spoil the twists  y  know . . .   br    br    . i know you produced this on a shoestring and  to be fair  you worked miracles with your budget but please  hire people who can actually act . or at least  walk  talk and gesture at the same time . joe haggerty  i  m looking at you . . .  br    br    . if you  re going to set a part of your movie in the past  only do this if you have the props and costumes of the time .  br    br    . twist endings are supposed to be a surprise . sure  we don  t want twists that make no sense  but signposting the  reveal  as soon as you introduce a character  that  s not a great idea .  br    br   kudos to the guys for trying  but in all honesty  i  d rather they hadn  t . . .  br    br   only for zombie completists .  
what was the point of this movie  what was the plot  i do not know . shaq can  t act  people don  t know how to direct  and i am kazaam  a genie who raps  come on . maybe eminem or linkin park will be in a movie like this . i remember i watched this just to kill time . it didn  t really interest me . i just remember thinking   who put shaq in this movie     the whole story seemed stupid too . it made no sense whatsoever . i guess an unrealized moral of this movie is that you can find anything in the ghetto and anything can happen . i can  t comment much more because this movie is so terrible there  s nothing worth commenting about . i  wish  this movie would go away .  
now  i  m one to watch movies that got poor reviews  and say   hmm . . . this isn  t so bad   i loved the cable guy  and thought that my big fat independent movie was great . keep in mind  i really didn  t start watching this with high hopes  but i figured that maybe . . . just maybe . . . it would be bad in a kind of way i could laugh at it . i was wrong . at no point at all during my suffering through this  film   and i use that term sparingly  was i even close to being mildly entertained . to start  shaq makes quentin tarantino look like marlon brando when it comes to acting . i hate rap music  but as far as i could tell  an amish priest would probably make a better rapper than him . the main character is simply annoying  and not a character that it  s easy to like . quite frankly  i would rather eat a greasy turd out of a harlequin fetus  bloody sores than watch this again .  
let me give a quick summery of the film a rotten  rude kid named max stumbles upon a radio that contains kazaam a rapping genie . like all genies  he grants  wishes but  being good natured  also helps max with his personal life  as he has to deal with bullies and a father mixed up in organized crime . during all this  kazaam raps from time to time   also showcasing shaq  s dismal rap skills  .  br    br   this movie proves what we all know athletes need to stick to sports . i admit that it never looked like an oscar  worthy movie  but everything about this waste of film is horrible . the characters are either unlikable or stupid  the plot is not even worth mentioning  the dialog is a joke  and shaq is only a quarter of the problem . hell  even if denzel washington played kazaam this movie would still be a joke . i know that the movie only drew anybody was because shaq was so big  no pun intended  at the time . i honestly cannot think of a single positive thing to say about this waste of time . shaq should have put the time had used to make this movie toward practicing free throws .  
ok so after watching this invigorating movie and wasting an hour and so many minutes off my life here is the basic summary genie comes out of ghetto boom box  gives this kid with shaggy hair  wishes  the kid wastes his wishes on i forget what  shaq sucks at rapping  and i guess thats it .  br    br   so mainly i laughed  i cried . . . . . . but mainly i laughed at the shear comedy that came from the wonderful acting skills of an nba player  rapper and boy with shaggy hair .  br    br   i highly recommend this movie for college kids sitting around drinking some beers with their close friends and are in serious need of a good laugh .  br    br   i  m going to give it a  out of   only b  c the movie is based off of  magical wishes .  br    br   if i had  wishes one would be to erase this horrible movie and for everyone to pretend like hollywood didn  t waste money on making this .  
reviewing kazaam and saying it  s a bad movie isn  t hard at all   after all  critics at the time it came out fell all over themselves excoriating this film   saying it was among the worst films of the decade  so the fact that i say it  s bad or anyone else says it  s bad is certainly no surprise . it  s like someone talking about wwii   practically no one says that was a good thing  right   the question i have and no place on imdb can answer it is  why did they make this in the first place    . after all  it  s obvious to anyone who isn  t severely brain injured that the film would be horrible . but  movies like ed  a baseball playing chimp   cool as ice  starring the ever  popular vanilla ice   troll   which doesn  t even have any trolls in it   baby geniuses  einstain  like superhero babies  and pinocchio in outer space  huh     prove that any idea  no matter how dumb  can make it to the big screen  so  the idea of the best basketball player of the time starring as a genie to an obnoxious little brat seems downright  normal    br    br   the film starts with a kid who is pretty jerky keying the lockers in the hallway of the school . like the punk from free willy  this kid is somehow  misunderstood   in other words  a total brat  and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible he is  by the end of the film he  ll have learned something and grown . just once  i want to see a punk kid like this end up in prison or or dead by the end of the film  eventually  while the neighborhood bullies are in the middle of pummeling him  the genie kazaam  shaquille o  neal  is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes . but  the kid doesn  t believe him and the genie  s magic seems a tad rusty .  br    br   eventually the brat does realize that kazaam is for real . however  unlike most kids  he withholds making his wishes so  in the meantime  kazaam is forced to follow him around everywhere   like his own personal servant . and  according to the clich  you know that by the end of the film  max and kazaam will have become lifelong buddies and a bunch of tears will be shed . oh  and max will have come to terms with his absent father and mom  s fianc  i  m gonna gag  . apparently this genie is a bit of a social worker in addition to being a granter of wishes .  br    br   as for kazaam  shaquille speaks in rhyme through much of the movie and even takes a break to rap . . . very poorly . i  m a middle  aged white guy and i think i could probably rap at least as well  he  s an amazing basketball player and i  ve heard he  s a nice guy   but a rapper . . . no way  as far as his acting goes  he wasn  t great but had such a nice personality in the film that it  s hard to hate him   even if they made him do a lot of very stupid things .  br    br   so is the movie as excruciatingly awful as you  ve probably heard  through the first two  thirds of the movie  i would have said no . shaquille seemed to try his best with an unlikable kid and a bad script . however  later in the film  the bad becomes horrid   as kazaam seems too concerned with himself to help the kid when he  s really needed . and  out of nowhere  the plot gets really  really weird   as the guy who wants to make kazaam a rap star       turns out to be an evil mobster  and  oddly  this guy seems to accept that kazaam is a genie with no hesitation   br    br   in addition  the last portion of the film consists of people trying to kill max and his dad . i know that the kid was annoying  but this is supposed to be a kids  film   what part of  trying to kill the kid  didn  t the writers not understand    then  in an ending that makes this perhaps the worst kids film ending in history  kazaam becomes god or something and it all was like a drug  induced hallucination  this ending was even dumber and weirder than the one in the black hole . . . and boy  did it make my brain hurt   uggghh   the horrible dialog was just too much to bear     br    br   overall  it  s a terrible film that is due mostly to writers who were certifiably insane . yes  folks  with a messed up message  bizarre non  kid friendly material and horrible characters  this is one wretched film . sadly  given the idea and actors  it  s hard to imagine the final product turning out much worse    br    br   by the way  if you want to see a genie in a modern world film that is good  try the british made for tv film  bernard and the genie    a charming and exceptionally well  written film from start to finish .  
the only reason i dvrd this movie was because  . i live in cleveland and shaq plays basketball for us now and  . i  ve always heard how awful it was . the movie did not disappoint . the best parts were shaq  s outfits . the worst parts were  well  just about everything else . my   year old son and i just squirmed and couldn  t look at the screen when shaq started rapping and we kept wondering why max didn  t wish for kazzam to fix that front tooth of his  but for all it  s terribleness we just couldn  t stop watching it  the story sucked you in  like a black hole or quicksand or a tar pit  it was hypnotic . but it was worth it for the laughs and just to say that we actually watched  kazzam  .  
if you are a fan of really bad movies  and you think there funny  you will the great acting of shaq . first off putting pro players in movies hardly ever works . shaq had to of been the worst actor i have ever seen next to dennis rodman who also made a few bad movies . well any way this movie is also bad due to the hideous kid . i would give this a zero but that is impossible .  
this movie has successfully proved what we all already know  that professional basket  ball players suck at everything besides playing basket  ball . especially rapping and acting . i can not even begin to describe how bad this movie truly is . first of all  is it just me  or is that the ugliest kid you have ever seen  i mean  his teeth could be used as a can  opener . secondly  why would a genie want to pursue a career in the music industry when  even though he has magical powers  he sucks horribly at making music  third  i have read the bible . in no way shape or form did it say that jesus made genies . fourth  what was the deal with all the crappy special effects  i assure you that any acne  addled nerdy teenager with a computer could make better effects than that . fifth  why did the ending suck so badly  and what the hell is a djin  and finally  whoever created the nightmare known as kazaam needs to be thrown off of a plane and onto the eiffel tower  because this movie take the word  suck  to an entirely new level .  
i was given the book version of kazaam for my  th birthday  and people always say the book versions are always better than the movie  but this time they were wrong . at least with the movie it  s over soon .  br    br   the acting in this is terrible  which i expected from a film with shaq who plays a magical rapping genie that comes out of an old ghetto blaster  which there was probably a good reason he was trapped in there  . the kid in the film that plays max is whiny and a terrible actor . he  s bullied by neighborhood kids  which i don  t blame them because he  s a little douche bag .  br    br   the story is just plain stupid and extremely clich . about a boy who  s father is always working and never around who finds a new friend who makes his life better and eventually helps him reconnect with his father .  br    br   even at  years old i thought this was a stupid idea . it  s a surprise any of the people whom worked on this film had careers after wards because it  s an embarrassment and should have never been made . i could ramble on even more about how this movie sucks  but you should already know just by reading the plot .  
this is the worst film i have ever seen . i was watching this film with some friends and after   minutes we had enough . the plot was bad and there wasn  t a single likeable character . i could get more entertainment watching static . i gave this movie a  only because the scale didn  t go into negative numbers . avoid this movie at all costs .  
how a director of altman  s experience could ever expect us to want to spend time with  or to care about what happens to  a lead character who is neurotic  a whiner  a jerk with no redeeming qualities   that is the central puzzle about this profoundly confused piece of work . a monstrous piece of trash . in addition to this crippling flaw  the plot line requires serious concentration to follow . the setup that the branagh character walks into is so obviously a setup from the start that we are inclined to wonder whether the writer and director have totally lost respect for their audience . this latter issue is at the core of the film it represents directorial self  indulgence with profound contempt for the taste  values  and intelligence of the viewer . very unusual for mr . altman .  br    br   patrick watson  
there  s only one thing i need to say about this movie  the scene where shaq is in a musical number with francis capra  s character about wanting to be a genie never see this movie . the story is horrible  the acting is terrible  c  mon  it  s shaq   and i  d rather see capra in free willy  equally horrible  twice before ever seeing this movie .  
this is one of the most god  awful movies ever . shaq better just stick to basketball . this movie took away apart of my life i will never have back . i will make fun of this movie until i die  and then some . it is so horrible it is not even funny . mst     would have a blast with this one .  
what a pathetic movie .  br    br   i won  t waste much time commenting about it . i  m still trying to get back the couple hours i wasted on it .  br    br   let me leave it simply with  shaq has no business being an actor or singer . he is utterly without talent at both discplines . it  s a crying shame that substantially more talented people waste away in community theatres and karaoke bars while shaq uses his name as a basketball player to undeservedly get cast in movies and cut cds .  br    br   much of the failure of this movie was the pathetic no  talent that is shaq .  
the first half of this version was the best i  ve seen  and i think i  ve seen every version of jane eyre ever made  . the development of jane  s childhood and character were exceptional . then  it was as though someone said  uh oh  this is running too long   and hacked the rest of the story to shreds . the major scenes  when included at all  are glossed over  combined  and put out of order in such a way that they completely change the storyline . there was so little transition or even scene development that it would be difficult for anyone not familiar with the story even to follow . the big disappointment was that the beginning opened so much hope  and then the end dashed it .  
as a  jane eyre  fan i was excited when this movie came out .  at last   i thought   someone will make this book into a movie following the story actually written by the author .  wrong    if the casting director was intending to cast a  jane  who was plain he certainly succeeded . however  surely he could have found one who could also act . where was the tension between jane and rochester  where was the spooky suspense of the novel when the laughter floated into the night seemingly from nowhere  where was the sparkle of the child who flirted and danced like her mother  finally  why was the plot changed at the end  one wonders whether the screenwriters had actually read the book . what a disappointment  
i love the book   jane eyre  and have seen many versions of it . all have their strong points and their faults . however  this was one of the worst i have seen . i didn  t care about jane or mr . rochester . charlotte gainsbourg  jane  was almost tolerable and certainly looked the plain part  but she had no emotion in any of her lines . i couldn  t imagine what mr . rochester saw in her .  br    br   that brings us to mr . rochester . william hurt had even less emotion than jane  if that were possible . how two such insipid people could fall in love is a mystery  but it certainly didn  t hold my attention . perhaps the director  zeffrelli  fell asleep during the production .  br    br   the timothy dalton  too handsome for mr . rochester   version is far more faithful to the book  but ciaran hinds plays the perfect mr . rochester in the     a  e version  which is not all that true to the book  .  br    br   trying to find something positive about this movie geraldine chaplain was perfect in her role .  
oh just what i needed  another movie about   th century england . which is pretty much like regular england  only nobody  s vandalising football stadiums . in this picturesque setting of lords  dames and other randomly chosen titles  charlotte gainsbourg walks around aimlessly as jane eyre  from that novel nobody has ever read willingly . jane usually hangs out in mr . rochester  s crib  where she tries to teach a french girl to look at an empty chalkboard all the time . one day  mr . rochester  william hurt on auto  pilot  comes back to fall in love with jane and all that  but there  s still the matter of his fruitcake wife that is locked in the attic . oops  that wasn  t in the brochure . after some people being thrown around and some carefully spread fire  they probably rented the set   the movie finally comes to an end . everything looked really authentic  that  s something i guess . but then again  nah .  
this     movie was the first adaptation of jane eyre that i ever watched and when i did so i was appalled by it . so much of the novel had been left out and i considered william hurt to be terribly miscast as rochester . since then i have watched all the other noteworthy adaptations of the novel  the three short versions of        and    and the three mini series of        and      and i have noticed that there are worse adaptations and worse rochesters .  br    br   this is without doubt the most exquisite jane eyre adaptation as far as cinematography is concerned . director franco zerifferelli revels in beautiful long shots of snow falling from a winter sky  of lonely rochester standing on a rock  and of jane looking out of the window  but he is less good at telling a story and bringing characters to life . in addition  his script merely scratches the surface of the novel by leaving out many important scenes . as a consequence the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between jane and rochester  and sadly it does also not include the humorous side of their intercourse . there are a number of short conversations between rochester and jane  each of them beautifully staged  but the couple of sentences they exchange do not suffice to show the audience that they are drawn to each other . we know that they are supposed to fall in love  but we never see it actually happen . the scene in which rochester wants to find out jane  s reaction to his dilemma by putting his case in hypothetical form before her after the wounded mason has left the house is completely missing  and the farewell scene  the most important scene  the climax  of the novel is reduced to four sentences . zerifferelli does not make the mistake other scriptwriters have made in substituting their own poor writing for bront  s superb lines  neither are crucial scenes completely changed and rewritten  but he makes the less offensive but in the end similarly great mistake of simply leaving many important scenes out . what remains is just a glimpse of the novel  which does no justice to charlotte bront  s masterpiece .  br    br   the cast is a mixed bag while fiona shaw is an excellent mrs reed  anna paquin  s young jane is more an ill  mannered  pout lolita than a lonely little girl  longing for love . the ever  reliable joan plowright makes a very likable  but far too shrewd mrs fairfaix  and one cannot help feeling that billie whitelaw is supposed to play the village witch instead of plain  looking  hard  working grace poole . charlotte gainsbourgh as the grown  up heroine  however  is physically a perfect choice for playing jane eyre . looking every bit like    thin and frail  with irregular  strong features  she comes closest to my inner vision of jane than any other actress in that role . and during the first   minutes of her screen time i was enchanted by her performance . gainsbourgh manages well to let the audience guess at the inner fire and the strong will which are hidden behind the stoic mask . but unfortunately the script never allows her to expand the more passionate and lively side of jane  s character any further . as a result of leaving out so many scenes and shortening so much of the dialogues  gainsbourgh  s portrayal of jane must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore ultimately unsatisfactory . this is a pity  as with a better script charlotte gainsbourgh might have been as good a jane as zelah clarke in the    version .  br    br   but while it is still obvious that gainsbourgh is trying to play jane  there is no trace whatsoever of rochester in the character that william hurt portrays . hurt  who has proved himself to be a fine actor in many good movies  must have been aware that he was physically and type  wise so miscast that he did not even attempt at playing the rochester of the novel . his rochester  besides being blond and blue  eyed  is a soft  spoken  well  mannered nobleman  shy and quiet  slightly queer and eccentric  but basically good  natured and mild . he is so far from being irascible  moody and grim that lines referring to these traits of his character sound absolutely ridiculous . additionally  during many moments of the movie  hurt  s facial expression leaves one wondering if he is fighting against acute attacks of the sleeping sickness . particularly in the proposal scene he grimaces like a patient rallying from a general anaesthetic and is hardly able to keep his eyes open . if you compare his rochester to the strong  willed and charming protagonist of the novel  simply bursting with energy and temperament  it is no wonder that many viewers are disappointed in hurt  s performance . still  he offends me less than the rochesters in the        and     versions and i would in general rank this jane eyre higher than these three other ones . hurt obviously had the wits to recognise that he could not be the rochester of the novel and therefore did not try to do so  whereas george c . scott  ciarn hinds and toby stephens thought they could  but failed miserably  and i  d rather watch a character other than rochester than a rochester who is badly played . and i  d rather watch a jane eyre movie which leaves out many lines of the novel but does not invent new ones than a version which uses modernised dialogues which sound as if they could be uttered by a today  s couple in a starbucks caf . of course this jane eyre is a failure  but at least it is an inoffensive one  which is more than one can say of the    and     adaptations . i would therefore not desist anyone from watching this adaptation you will not find jane eyre  but at least you will find a beautifully made movie .  
having read the novel before seeing this film  i was enormously disappointed by the wooden acting and the arrogance of the producers in their blatant disregard of the plot . i feel this film in no way reflects the brilliance of bronte  s work  and rather gave the impression of a shallow love story . in the condensing of the film to a short  hours  the film lost many of the key features which make the book comprehendable and progressional  thus resulting in a somewhat jumpy plot with little grounding . there is no build up to the romance between rochester and jane eyre  so this appears rather abrupt and unfounded since the two characters have such infrequent interaction you cannot help but imagine their  love  is superficial . this is such an injustice to bronte  s novelyou are given no impression of jane  s quirky cheek and boldness which attracts rochester to her  and his arrogance which attracts jane to him .  br    br   despite to poor scripting  i think that a few of the characters were portrayed very astutely  namely mrs fairfax and grace poole  however overall the production was poor . given a better scripting  perhaps the film would have been more successful . see  jane eyre        with zelah clarke and timothy dalton for an outstanding production .  
i agree with one of the other comment writers about good story  good actors but mismatched  and i would also say rushed . it has been about   years since i read the book as it was in school . but i felt that you would need to know the story of jane eyre when watching this one as bits are left out  therefore it doesn  t fully make sense . for example jane  mr rochester have hardly spoken  suddenly he is proposing marriage    the actors don  t have time to let the audience know how their character feels about each thing happening in the story . the actors are good but aren  t given enough time to do this story justice . i  m sorry to say it but i didn  t really enjoy this version . the     version with susanna york  george c scott would be the jane eyre movie of my preference but you should check out the     bbc mini series version with zelah clarke  timothy dalton in the  main roles . i love it so much i watch it regularly . there is an abridged version which goes for    mins or the full version for    mins .  
there is not a single sympathetic character in this entire movie . is it the lawyer played by kenneth branagh that we  re supposed to be pulling for  well  let  s see   we learn he  s a sleazebag defense attorney who gets criminals off on technicalities . he treats his coworkers like cattle  gets them involved in his own personal crisis  in the process  getting one of them killed   jeopardizes the safety of his kids  threatens his ex  wife  s new boyfriend  tries to strong  arm the police and school administrators   and all this for what  because he was thinking with his little head  i was really pulling for the father and his gang to beat the stuffing out of the lawyer and drown him in the swamp . . . it would have made for a far more satisfying ending .  
what was franco zeffirelli thinking  was hollywood responsible for this travesty  or can i take comfort in the idea that someone who didn  t speak english as a first language just completely missed the point of charlotte bronte  s classic  i don  t think i can improve on a comment i read below  so i  ll just paraphrase it  jane eyre is a great great book  the screenwriter should read it sometime .  it  s true that this movie  s two leads were sadly miscast . but pity the actors  because the screenwriter left out all of the best scenes . the dialog that makes you understand the jane and rochester have a meeting of minds and a shared sense of fun . . . deleted from the script . the marriage proposal  the fortune teller . . . gone . the allusions  half joking  half sincerely felt  to jane as a fairy sprite from olde england come to rescue rochester in his despair . . . eliminated .  br    br   it is unfortunate that zeffirelli felt the need to completely rewrite the end of the novel and jane  s interactions with the rivers family . but it is unforgivable that he has surgically removed the love from one of the best love stories ever written .  br    br   do yourself a favor and go find the        mini series with timothy dalton .  
i read the novel  jane eyre  for the first time back in     . it was round that time that i saw the bbc  version with timothy dalton and zelah clarke . it was an excellent version and very much like the book . years later  i laid eyes on this version and was horrified . william hurt is totally miscast as mr rochester . mr rochester is a passionate character  where as william hurt portrays him as a block of ice . the same goes for charlotte gainsborough . it was like watching two zombies together . this is story about love and passion  but i couldn  t see it in this version . no  back to the bbc  version . a wonderful time is guaranteed .  
jane eyre  is one of the greatest novels in the english language and this screenwriter should of read it . i hate it when writers use spark notes for what a novel is all about . this movie is unbearable to watch if you have read the book .  br    br   the whole  red room  is so down played that i wonder why they even bother to put it in . in the book the  red room  is foreshadowing for the whole story and the rest of jane  s life . helen burns is treated so badly in the movie i  m sure she was happy to die and leave early . in the book she is one of the most compelling characters and she was not the red head . the whole christian theme is missing from her life and the rest of the movie .  br    br   do yourself a favor and miss this movie and read the story as charlotte bronte masterfully told it .  
i don  t like using the word  awful  to describe any work of the cinema for which a great deal of time  effort  talent and money is spent in its creation but zefferelli  s attempt to adapt charlotte bront  s novel  jane eyre  is a total waste of time .  br    br   the script is lacking in finesse and power  everything explained to the viewer in no uncertain terms  leaving little to the imagination . the lead actors are woefully miscast  clearly hired for their star names  and the musical score drippy and dull . charlotte gainsbourg and william hurt have absolutely no chemistry with one another at all . she is like a wet noodle  worse even than joan fontaine  who at least was capable of some modicum of emotional involvement in what should be a story of frustrated passion . and william hurt acts the entire film on one tone and that tone is flat and devoid of energy . of course the limp and vapid script does not aid any of these otherwise fine actors in their efforts to bring any whiff of life to this flick .  br    br   joan plowright  s mrs fairfax is like some disney creation who keeps popping up to sweeten scenes in which she would have been best left out .  br    br   there is no mystery surrounding the story of rochester  s first wife . the role of the would  be second wife  played like a barbie doll by elle macphearson  is an empty cipher .  br    br   fiona shaw  a very great actress  is completely wasted as jane  s aunt  mrs reed . she would have been better  cast as mrs fairfax . only amanda root  as jane  s beloved school teacher  evokes any authentic sympathy or believability .  br    br   i saw this version of  jane eyre  after viewing robert young  s for british television  made in      starring ciaran hinds  samantha morgan and gemma jones . there is no comparison . young  s vital  romantic and deeply moving version is like an exploding nova compared to zefferelli  s wet squib .  br    br   i will be interested now to see the     version with timothy dalton  about which i  ve read some very good things on this web  site . i am amazed at how many people liked zefferelli  s yorkshire picture book .  br    br   about all i can say good about this film is that the house is beautiful and the cinematography vividly colored  beyond that it is a complete dud .  
this version is pretty insipid  i  m afraid . jane eyre is one of my favorite books and has been since childhood  but william hurt  s weary  throwaway acting style is completely unsuitable to the bold passion of edward rochester and poor charlotte gainsbrough looks like a bored  petulant teenager whose dental braces hurt  i also can  t believe that they eliminated edward  s great marriage proposal scene from the end of the book  one of the most moving moments in literature . i do appreciate that they finally used such a young  plain woman to play jane  a character who is supposed to be a worldly    but if you want to see a version that closer approximates the personalities and passions of the novel  please see the    s version with george c . scott and susannah york . york was too old  tall and pretty to play jane  but no one has touched rochester  s character the way that scott did .  
what made the idea of seeing this movie so attractive was the hope that it would live up to charlotte bronte  s brilliance of the original classic story . i was deeply disappointed to find that this movie  which seemed to be either written or filmed in great haste  had not the qualities that made the original novel so powerful . much of the witty back and forth between the main characters  jane eyre and mr . rochester  seemed to be either missing from the screenplay or left on the cutting room floor . also missing was jane eyre  s charismatic sense of self  which enabled her to suffer through her turmoil and triumph over all . the original jane eyre was a hero . the woman in this movie did not seem to have much to triumph over  including one of the greatest parts of the story when jane runs away from thornfield and mr . rochester . her struggle to find food and shelter  her shame at having to beg for bread  the threat of freezing to death in the cold  all to get away from a man she loved were  in my opinion  poignant parts of the story that were simply left out of this movie . the title character seemed dry and uninspired . the story was unappealing and for those who did not read the book  i cannot imagine that this story would be the least bit interesting . the screenplay and direction did little if any credit to the classic story .  
i can  t say this is the worst film of all time  but only because there are still some movies i haven  t seen  yet  this has to be the most pretentious attempt at making a movie of all time  the director suffers from the same issues he had with  there will be blood   though he wasn  t quite as bad in that film . the whole movie it feels like you  re watching a guy trying to hard to impress beyond his abilities . it  s like he sits in his little director  s chair and thinks  how would a great filmmaker handle this scene   he just doesn  t have it in him . i don  t know if this film could be saved by a great filmmaker . there were certainly some nuggets of greatness that could have been polished  but nothing was brought to ripen . the scene where all the characters are singing was the worst moment in cinema history . one by one as we see the characters singing  and i squirmed in my seat  i kept saying  please  please  just don  t have the guy on the brink of death singing  too   sure enough  massive failure   
this ambitious film suffers most from writer  director paul thomas anderson  s delusions of grandeur . highly derivative of much better material  altman  s  nashville   lumet  s  network    this lumbering elephant takes far too long to get nowhere . a couple of misguided detours along the way  an embarrassing musical interlude  a biblical plague  don  t help matters . neither does the uneven level of performances . especially bad william h . macy  whose character and storyline could easily have been eliminated altogether julianne moore  for her unconvincing angst . and how many times must we see john c . reilly  s sad sack shtick   chicago  and  the hours  will suffice   tom cruise comes off well by comparison  his misogynist  foul  mouthed holy roller was rather amusing . speaking of foul mouths  the script was so loaded with  f  bombs  they lost their impact in no time . don  t even talk about that awful soundtrack  full of insipid and annoying vocals by aimee mann . her extended rendition of  one   a maudlin number to begin with  drove me to distraction at the start of the film . i should have heeded the handwriting on the wall and saved myself three more hours  by which time i  d been pushed to the brink of hell . one redeeming feature  which i haven  t seen mentioned in other reviews  is the best performance in the bunch  by unknown melora walters in the role of claudia  the damaged coke fiend bent on self  destruction . her credibility exceeded all others by far . this film took itself way too seriously and just didn  t know when to end .  
that  s not just my considered verdict on this film  but also on the bulk of what has been written about it . now don  t get me wrong here either  i  m not a total philistine  i didn  t hate the movie because it wasn  t enough like  police academy   or whatever  i enjoy more than my fair share of high brow or arty stuff  i swear .  br    br    magnolia  is poor  and i am honestly mystified as to why it is seemingly so acclaimed . long winded  self indulgent  rambling nonsense from start to finish  there is just so little that could credibly be what people so love about the movie . there  s some high calibre actors fair enough  and none turns in an average or worse performance . furthermore  my wife  a self confessed tom cruise hater  tells me it  s his career best performance by far . but the plot is so completely unengaging  meandering between the stories of several loosely connected characters at such a snail  s pace that even when significant life changing events are depicted they seem so pointless and uninteresting you find yourself crying out for someone to get blown up or something .  br    br   it doesn  t help that none of the characters are very easy to identify or empathise with  well i didn  t think so  but i don  t like most people admittedly  . they all play out their rather unentertaining life stories at great length  demonstrating their character flaws and emotions in ever  so intricate detail and playing out their deep and meaningful relationships to the nth degree with many a waffling soliloquy en route . yadda yadda yadda . the soundtrack  s dire as well  with that marrow  suckingly irritating quality that i had hitherto thought unique to the music of alanis morisette .  br    br   all in all  it was about as enjoyable a three hours as being forced to repeatedly watch an episode of  friends  whilst being intermittently poked in the ribs by a disgruntled nanny goat . the bit with the frogs is good though .  
magnolia presents itself as a wall to wall canvas of screaming  shrieking  overwrought  hysterical twits who are all bedeviled by regret  guilt and pain . pt anderson is certainly a gifted filmmaker but perhaps he should leave the writing to someone else or at least find someone with the balls to tell him he needed to edit this overlong mess .  br    br   a look at the cast will tell you that the performances were excellent  and they were . i just wish that every scene didn  t involve an over the top shouting match or long digression into the sins that have been committed and the pain that they have caused .  br    br   i also think that anderson fails miserably to create a story that parallels the bizarre tableaus that open the film . the opening sequences are wonderful in showing how fate can bring together people and circumstances that even the most optimistic believer in a cosmic puppeteer pulling our strings would scoff at . but the story that then develops lacks any of the stuff that these opening fables display . i kept waiting for some form of cosmic convergence to display itself  but instead all we get is waves of regret from morally challenged characters who see their past spread out before them and now seek absolution . throw in an out of left field biblical plague near the end and all you end up with is a cadre of anderson devotees who will marvel at his genius when all it really proves is that he has actually read the old testament .  br    br   i will say that the music by aimee mann was great and i  ll be looking for the soundtrack cd . in short  a good movie to look at and listen to  the music  that is  if the actors would have shut up or toned it down it may have been  
i think i  ve seen all of the grisham movies now and generally they  re all very poor  except for the rainmaker  but this one is so bad it  s unbelievable  br    br   warning spoilerish  br    br   it  s one of those movies where the character does the stupid irrational things that no one would ever do . he  s a lawyer for christ  s sake . why when his children go missing does he not call the police . oh yes it  s because all the police hate lawyers so they  re just ignore him and let him be attacked .  br    br   when he  s arrested for murder they just let him go free  he would be locked up in a cell pending a bail hearing .  br    br   why would you drag your kids halfway across the country when you could easily protect them at home .  br    br   the police don  t bother to try and find an escaped mental patient  they don  t bother to interview his daughter .  br    br   as for the ridiculous ending .  br    br   in summary  silly  very unrealistic and a complete waste of time .  br    br        one of the worst films ever made .  
     will go down in history as the year the movie critic lead the general public astray . first they sent us to eyes wide shut . then they hyped up the blair witch project and now magnolia which is by far the worst movie of the year . what is it about  who the heck knows . its full of self  indulgence and loaded with bad acting . i always like to stay and watch the credits  but when this thing was over i couldn  t get out of the movie theatre fast enough . most of the audience that attended the showing that i was at  felt pretty much the same way . dates were arguing with each other as well as strangers . it  s an ugly and hateful film that will make you feel ugly and hateful .  
my guess is that this director  writer had something to say . let  s see  what it could have been . . . a . frog storms would be creepy  b . can i get someone like tom cruise to say the  c  word many times and look like a bad patrick rafter  c . cast my wife and get her to say the  f  word every  seconds . this aside i really liked the beginning and the frog storm . the rest was a relentless  over  long  under  edited   over  indulgent failure . glad so many of you enjoyed it   br    br    
normally i dont have a problem with gratuitous swearing in films  but this one really annoyed me . all they did was swear . for the whole film .  and  as someone else noted  get cancer  it was boring  rambling and pretentious . i wouldnt if i were you .  br    br   its also not that i dont like films which  as most people who like it will claim  observe life  . i love eat drink man woman  and all that happens in that is that a load of taiwanese people lead their lives . but i could relate to them . i have never met anyone who swore as much as the  actors  in this film  and i used to work on a construction site . so go figure . having said that william h . macy made me grin . once .  br    br       . avoid  unless you enjoy tedium .  
i wanted to like magnolia . the plot reminded me of grand canyon  which i liked  .  different lives  stories that come together at the end but magnolia took a wrong turn halfway through the movie and i was lost . i almost turned it off right then and there but i felt i should hang in there until the end  little did i know it would be another torturous     hours . thank god i rented instead of seeing it in the theatre . i almost screamed out in frustration after  hours . the biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene . my dvd player still hasn  t forgiven me and i don  t blame it one bit . it was a unique movie  but a bad  boring  and pointless movie .  
sorry did i miss something  did i walk out early  the first ten minutes of unusual  and untrue   stories had me thinking  this is going to be a classic  but it was all down hill from there  the acting was brilliant  for what it  s worth william h macy is fantastic and just gets better and better every film i watch him in . but it never seemed to connect . i was waiting for the big moment where all the stories inter connect and then suddenly . . it rains frog   it was if the writer said  i  ve gone to deep how can i pull all these stories together cleverely . . . . oh sod it i  ll just have it raining frogs  . i like clever movies  i like strange movies but this was just odd and boring .      
great cast . great acting . unpredictable story line for the first half  br    br   hour or so . i was really wanting to know what was going to  br    br   happen to each of these unredeeming characters  and how their  br    br   seemingly disparate lives would become intertwined . but when  br    br   the writers took out the glue to start connecting the players  they  br    br   mistakenly used super glue and brought the movie to a standstill  br    br   for the last two hours . i kept thinking it would get better  but it only  br    br   got worse . don  t believe the reviews . this is a waste of time .  br    br   think about it   tom cruise made ugly   why  the gorgeous  br    br   hunky bartender wearing braces   why  i know it had to do with  br    br   the plot  but without them  at least there would have been one  br    br   attractive cast member to remember .  
  magnolia  is a preposterous  bewildering acting showcase that adds up to very little . like  eyes wide shut    magnolia  is an aimless series of episodes without any concern for coherence . the camera swoops through hallways and corridors  catching glimpses of sad characters . where is the reason to care for these people  the common theme seems to be people who yell a lot  who can  t care for others  except for john c . reilly  s and philip seymour hoffman  s characters   and are self  destructive jerks who are either falling to pieces or dying . i was reminded of how much i disliked  shine  because of the irredeemable monster of a father played by armin mueller  stahl . there are so many unattractive  unappealing characters here  why would we want to spend time with them   br    br   having said that  there is nothing held back about  magnolia .  paul thomas anderson  s ideas are splashed onto his canvas with abandon . there are two ideas in particular that bomb . both happen in the last hour of this     minute film . one has the camera flipping from one character to another while each one sings one of aimee mann  s coffeehouse folk songs . sweet  but ineffectual since we can  t see what strings them all together . the other idea i refer to cannot be revealed other than to say it is completely unexpected and completely ridiculous .  br    br    magnolia  has a lot of great acting . particularly tom cruise who unleashes a performance i didn  t know he had in him . and john c . reilly plays maybe the most decent and truly good cop in recent memory . but it all adds up to nothing . when the secret unexpected event happened  a girl behind me in the theatre couldn  t hold it in any more and said   this is stupid   my feeling is the majority of moviegoers will agree .  
i can  t tell you how angry i was after seing this movie . the characters are not the slightest bit interesting  and the plot is non  existant . so after waiting to see how the lives of these characters affected each other  hoping that the past  and a half hours were leading up to some significant finish  what do we get    a storm of frogs . now yes  i understand the references to the bible  exodus  and the underlying theme  but first of all  it was presented with absolutely no resolution  and second of all it would be lost to anyone who has not read the bible  a significant portion of the population  or charles fort  a still larger portion  . as a somewhat well read person  i thought this movie was a self indulgent poor imitation of a seinfeld episode .  br    br   don  t waste your time . it would be better spent reading . . .  br    br   . . . well anything to be honest  
the minute you give an  art film       you have people baying for your ignorant  half  ass  ed  artistically retarded blood . i won  t try and justify how i am not an aesthetically challenged retard by listing out all the  art house cinema  i have liked or mentioning how i gave some unknown  cult classic  a      . all i ask is that someone explain to me the point  purpose and message of this film .  br    br   here is how i would summarize the film opening montage of three unrelated urban legends depicting almost absurd levels of co  incidence . this followed by  in a nutshell  to save you  hours of pain  the following  a children  s game show host dying of lung cancer tries to patch things up with his coke  addicted daughter  who he may or may not have raped when she was a child  and who is being courted by a bumbling police officer with relationship issues  while the game  show  s star contestant decides that he doesn  t want to be a failed child prodigy  a fate which has befallen another one of the game show contestants from the   s  who we see is now a jobless homosexual in love with a bartender with braces and in need of money for  corrective oral surgery   while the game show  s producer  himself dying of lung cancer  asks his male nurse to help him patch up with the son he abandoned years ago  and who has subsequently become a womanizing self help guru  even as mr . producer  s second wife suffers from guilt pangs over having cheated a dying man and oh  eventually  it rains frogs  you read correctly  . and i am sparing you the unbelievably long and pointless  literally rambling monologues each character seems to come up with on the fly for no rhyme or reason other than  possibly  to make sure the film crosses  hours and becomes classified as a  modern epic  .  br    br   you are probably thinking that i could have done a better job of summarizing the movie  and in turn of not confusing you  if i had written the damn thing a little more coherently  maybe in a few sentences instead of just one . . . well  now you know how i feel .  
this was shown on the biography channel and was about as informative as a children  s comic  i gave it  out of   for it  s attention to detail because for the most part it had a   s feel to it and the three ladies that played the original three angels looked like them so the make  up was good .  br    br   this was supposed to be a biography on the biography channel but it was void of everything that is normally  usually seen in one of their biographies . no interviews with surviving cast members  crew members  production team members etc .  or their friends  families  and any biographers of those people . in fact i know just as much now about the programme as i did before i watched this film that was based on the  supposedly  biographical book . as for actually learning something that no  one knew about the program and wasn  t common knowledge well that never happened .  
this movie is like real life  by which i mean  not a lot happens in the available  hours or so  and not much game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently invisible cast  their invisibility being due to the  experimental  lighting as mentioned by many reviewers  .  br    br   a big bore . no big surprise that altman helms this  he is a very variable performer  yes we all loved  gosford park   but  pret a porter  anyone  kansas city  dr t . and the women  aaargh   but the fact that the raw material is a john grisham tale  and the excellent cast that you will perceive through the gathering gloaming of your insistent slumber  makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film . and no  it is not  so bad it  s good  .  br    br   it  s just bad .  
i happened to love the show growing up  along with millions of others . so i tuned in to this movie  thinking if not good it might be at least a bit dazzling and fun .  br    br   wrong  i just have to wonder  at the end of this  was charlie  s angels really that boring  i don  t seem to remember it as such . but this movie  as bad as movies of this type can be  bore little resemblance to the excitement of that time period and show . i did see it all  in spite of the negatives  it wasn  t unwatchable . but it was very bland  which i do not fault the performers for at all  particularly the women who played the angels as they really did look like them . the movie just wasn  t that interesting . it tried to make each angel a  character  .  one angel is to feisty  one is the  good girl   one is to into her husband . . . .   all characters were portrayed with one major characteristic defining them and little depth beyond stereotypes . the excitement of the show was missing and the dialog was . . . . dialog . that  s pretty much it .  br    br   not awful . not the worst of tv movies . but missable .  
it was everything this isn  t it had pace  pop  and actors who weren  t afraid to chew the scenery . it also had a decent script . this one had me scratching my head . if farrah isn  t really  serious  about a career  why does she have a manager  and why is he wasting his time   if kate and barney are  artists   why do they sign up for the mother of all jiggle shows  like the  brady bunch  movie where robert reed wants to do shakespeare  only to find himself on bb   they weren  t industry names  but they weren  t exactly starving  either . and while they got the history right  the poster was released before farrah got the show   silverman rejecting pitches for  funniest home videos  and  american idol  and spelling promising his baby girl tori someday he  ll create a show for her obviously did not happen .  br    br   what bothered me was how spelling  s role is distorted . he  s shown as the show  runner and creator when he was neither . and how he  comes up  with the  idea  for ca was is laughable   br    br   how were spelling and goldberg allowed to enforce farrah  s oral contract when the others were signed  and why didn  t farrah or bernstein tell them she was leaving not because she discovered her inner diva  but because majors wanted her to  this is why  when it tries tries to created conflict and tension by setting farrah up as the  bad girl   like suzanne somers   it fails because the groundwork was never laid   that was where the  three  s company  pic delivered .  
noting the cast  i recently watched this movie on tcm  hoping for an under  appreciated gem  as i regard many films from the    s . this is no gem  not even semi  precious . the anachronistic clothing and      s rolls royce limo hit you immediately . the casting is strange  also . but mostly  there are too many dumb and unnecessary plot devices . this film has lots of good ingredients and a basic plot that holds promise  but the components aren  t mixed according to the right recipe . it simply doesn  t come together like it should . and that  s a shame . with a few rather obvious  but minor alterations  this might have been a very good movie .  br    br   the film is about an american showgirl  jean harlow  seeking a rich british husband  preferably from the nobility . she meets franchot tone and his buddy  who are on a lark in a rolls royce owned by his buddy  s employer . harlow mistakenly assumes tone is the lord who owns the rolls  and she sets her sights on him . this early part of the film is a light comedy of no real distinction .  br    br   however  tone unwittingly uncovers the fact that his employer is actually a german  th columnist on the eve of wwi  and that is when the movie changes tone altogether and begins to fall apart . tone and harlow are married  but just as the honeymoon begins  he is gunned down by a mata hari  type  benita hume   and harlow flees the scene  with a bystander accusing her of tone  s murder .  in fact  tone recovers from the wounds .   br    br   harlow flees to france  where she falls in love again  this time with a wealthy french cad  cary grant  . tone  now in the army  and harlow are unexpectedly brought back together in grant  s hospital room where he is in rehab from a plane crash . in the following scene  tone accuses harlow of abandoning him because she is essentially a gold  digger . harlow never explains about the witness  accusing her of murder and her panic  that is one of those unreal  movie  plot  device break  downs in the story .  br    br   then tone is also brought back into contact with the woman  hume  who shot him . she is on hand to watch her paramour  grant  test the new plane that tone has delivered to him from england . incredibly  both hume and tone dimly recognize each other  but simply can  t place where from  okay  so tone was shot and almost died perhaps his memory is a little out of whack . but how many men did hume shoot that she would forget one of her marks   she does not seem to be faking the memory lapse .   br    br   this is inexplicable and unnecessary . hume should have absolutely recognized him  but played it coy when she realized that tone wasn  t able to place her . that would have been a much better treatment of that issue .  br    br   the finale also is very unsatisfying . the movie  as made  has tone and harlow conspiring to preserve the good reputation of the cad  grant  leading to his fraudulent burial as a hero . then harlow and tone just walk away . it is noble to preserve the french public  s perception of their national war hero  but very unsatisfying as a love story   br    br   what the film begs for is this harlow explains that she fled in a panic in the face of accusations of murder tone forgives her and quietly rekindles his love for her he then carries a torch for her  even while helping her to rig the crash site to preserve grant  s reputation . meanwhile  harlow finally recognizes grant for the cad he is . then having seen tone for the brave and noble man he is  harlow rekindles feelings for him  too . at film  s end  the two of them become reconciled even as they work together to rig the appearance of grant  s death . after grant  s hero  s burial  we see them embrace and kiss at the fade  out . that would have made a nice little movie . for cary grant fans  it would have been even better had tone played the french cad who is killed and grant the long  suffering first husband  reunited with harlow .  br    br   it is incomprehensible that franchot tone is cast as the irishman living in england  while cary grant is cast as the frenchman . this movie would have been much better had they reversed roles . that also would have been more conducive to the film that should have been . . .  
this may have been made for the hell of it  but it was most probably the worst film i  ve seen in years  the best thing about the entire dvd would be the case    i  m surprised that people took the time to make something so rubbish and yet spend money on it too  i  m glad i only rented . i suppose the real fans of this film would probably have to be sadistic and gothic to care about it without taking in any cgi or any other effects for that matter  i hope alex chandon learnt a lesson about lighting and sfx to make a better film in the future  that is  if he is still in work .  br    br   notes to buyers this is extremely disappointing  don  t buy it       
sadly  this is not  the best british gore film since hellraiser   though the dvd cover claims this  which is what tricked me into buying it . it is  however  an homage to many of the great horrors of old  films from most notably the amicus stable .  br    br   cradle . . . is shot on mini dv  which though we all know has more of a tv feel than a movie  can be done so much better . every scene  set and shot looks like it has been lit in exactly the same way  standard key  fill  rear setup   which only enhances the cheap look of the finished piece . the gore content is  quite frankly  laughable . from the opening shots where we see a man  s obviously foam rubber head torn apart  through to tacky cheap prop hammers  the creature effects and the terrible cg  there was nothing in there that impressed me at all .  br    br   the acting is abominable  from the near  comatose detective to the brummie dwarf  via dani filth  the least convincing horror movie bad guy i have ever witnessed . each of the substories is more formulaic than the last  and the sets get worse and worse as the movie runs . look out for the  mental asylum   a georgian semi detached house with a bad cg sign outside  and the most bizarre  and not in a good way  padded cell i have seen .  br    br   it took me four attempts to get to the end of the film without my attention wandering  nay  running  away at any available opportunity . i actually found myself dusting at one point while the film was running .  br    br   it does  however  mark one of the last known appearances of emily booth  s breasts  which i guess is one  um  two  things it has going for it . once that  s out of the way though  it is all downhill .  br    br   i  ve heard people say good things about alex chandon  and i would love to believe them  but on this evidence i  m not likely to . if you want a decent homage to amicus  avoid this and go for the league of gentlemen christmas special instead .  br    br   currently battling it out with blair witch   book of shadows for the title of worst film i have ever seen .  
it surprisingly had a plot    i  ve seen movies with less plot  i don  t wanna mention asian movies but . . .  . i thought the camera wasn  t bad at all for a cheap movie like this  and also the atmosphere wasn  t too bad . there is no real reason for most things people do and the way they react to what happens . although i do think that about a lot of movies  in this case it was horrible  of course .  br    br   it ripped off some movies so badly just for single scenes . the acting was bad but i  ve seen worse . the movie was bad but i  ve seen worse . watching this film is an experience between boredom  laughing fits  death wish  sadism  horniness and entertainment on a low level .  br    br   so if you like gory movies with stupid plots this one is the right film for you .  br    br   i gave it      because it can be entertaining if you don  t expect to see a good movie and you  re in the right mood .  
not since caligula have i considered turning off the movie half  way through . . . . but then with this one  i was only   minutes in when i considered . unfortunately  i did make it all the way through . make sure that you do not .  br    br   it  s not that cradle of fear is shocking or gory or scary or frightening or sexual . it  s that it  s not any of those things  yet it so desperately wants to be all of them . instead  it  s boring  trite  ordinary  predictable  and unexceptionally poorly executed  shot on video  high school special effects  no sense of even basic visual storytelling  dialog barely audible . . . not that it  s worth hearing  though  .  br    br   this movie is proof for the argument that even the straight  to  video distributors need to draw a line in the sand somewhere .  
the directors cut version  which was the one i saw  was very long for this type of movie . almost two hours is way too long . if you have the choice  definitely go for the non  directors cut .  br    br   the main plot is almost not taken up at all  the movie consists to the main part of several murder scenes  which are connected but the feeling is that they  re only shown in order to fill the movie with splatterish violence . the connection is not revealed until the latter part and the lack of context bored me out long before i was there .  br    br   as a horror movie it doesn  t work . you never get the required feel for the characters due to mediocre acting and the general disposition  character is presented    minutes later character is dead  . this pictures strong side lies in the splatter part .  
by all accounts  this could have been an interesting film . featuring a score by the mighty cradle of filth  starring their frontman dani and being hyped up as  the future of british horror   i expected alex chandon  s gore fest to live up to the hype .  br    br   i was wrong .  br    br   everything about this film is either cliche or inept . the short story anthology setup was done to death  and much better  in the seventies and eighties . admittedly  the idea of  the sick room  did send a chill down my spine  but as with most of the film was let down by bad script writing and acting .  br    br   chandon cannot write dialogue . every sentence with the main police investigator is brim full with swearing and insolence  the typical  cop on the edge  formula . funny  i  m sure i  ve seen that somewhere else before . . .  no chandon  you are not tarantino . or scorsese . it sounds bad . add ludicrously ott acting with very dodgy casting  don  t get me wrong  dani filth is a great singer and musician  but actor he ain  t  and the performances are beyond laughable to the vein burstingly cringing . give me bruce campbell any day .  br    br   the visual effects are on the whole poor  with some atrocious cgi  awful gore effects  for goodness sakes  peter jackson did better and that was over ten years ago with less budget  and editing filters that shriek over  use  as for the often mistimed use of cradle of filth  s score . . . man  they should sue .  br    br   the fundamental problem with cradle of fear is that it takes itself seriously  trying to build atmosphere and incite terror and repulsion within its audience . too many good horror films made in the seventies and eighties do this so much better with far superior gore effects  eg maniac  zombie flesh eaters  the beyond  suspiria etc   rendering cradle of fear  in my mind  second  rate and obsolete .  br    br   i hope chandon can learn from this hideous ghoul of a film and go on to make some quality horror that actually scares .  br    br   better luck next time .  
normally when i go on a raid of the local hollywood video i head towards the b  horror movies . to me the basic principals behind a b  horror movie is it  s camp value  heavy gore  lots of needless nudity  and special effects that anyone can put together with a pack of corn syrup and latex . i rented cradle of fear strictly because i  ve been a fan of the band since they released they  re first demo in     . the movie started off on an interesting note and then when i saw dani filth stomp on an extremely obvious latex mask i laughed . when i saw the lesbian sex scene for the sake of a lesbian sex scene i laughed even harder . i spent pretty much the entire movie laughing and when i wasn  t laughing i was shaking my head thinking about how a multi  million dollar rock star would want to make a movie that seemed like it was on a budget of multi  hundreds of dollars . the whole point of this movie to me seemed to attract the  hardcore goth kids who think death  destruction  sex  blood  and satan are the greatest things invented since lava lamps . that was really it . to me this movie seemed like   .   of the things that happened in this movie just happened for the sake of being satanic . this movie had a lot of potential and really could have been a real good movie but in the end this  movie  really is just an extended cradle of filth video .  
i rented this dvd for two reasons . a cast of great actors  and the director  even though robert altman can be hit or miss . in this case  it was a big miss . altman  s attempt at creating suspense fell on its keester . after seeing kenneth branagh in a good film like  dead again   i didn  t think he could possibly contribute to such a turkey  and i hope it didn  t ruin his reputation . robert duvall seems to have fallen the way of most one  time oscar winners . on a downward spiral that includes acting in eating  money films such as this one . duvall was once a great actor in excellent films  even though his best performance was not  tender mercies   but  the great santini  . this movie was truly a big waste of time . i give it a  out of   .  
this movie has a few things going for it right off the bat . having dani filth as a lead actor is automatically going to make some people like this movie . admittedly  i love cradle of filth and listened to the soundtrack to this movie long before i watched it . dani filth is a very recognizable character and makes for a great lead . the independent filming style of the movie is great for the creepy factor . there are some gorgeous actresses in this movie . for being low budget  the special effects weren  t bad either . the ways that people died were very creative and nightmarish .  br    br   now on to the cons . there is very little talking throughout this whole movie  thus making for very little as far as character development . it  s hard to fear for the lives of limp  static characters . when there was a little talking  the f bomb was abundant  popping up in random places . yes  i understand people swear but it seems like a preteen boy scripted this and thought himself cool for including all the language . the storyline  what i could make out of it  was pretty good although many parts are left dangling and the lack of conversation leaves one often wondering what  s happening .  br    br   in the end  cradle of fear is like a porno for people who love sex and violence  but like a porno trying to pull of a storyline  it just doesn  t work too well . rent it though  if you  re a morbid person looking to sate your blood and flesh appetite .  
this movie was made for fans of dani  and cradle of filth  . i am not one of them . i think he  s just an imitator riding the black metal bandwagon  still  i  m generally not a fan of black metal  . but as i was carrying this dvd case to pay for it  i convinced myself  that the less authentic something is the more it tries to be convincing . thus i assumed i  m in for a roller  coaster ride of rubber gore and do  it  yourself splatter with a sinister background . now  that is what i do like .  br    br   i got home and popped it in . my patience lasted   minutes . awful camera work and disgusting quality . and that was then        that it looked like it was shot using a hi  camcorder . i left it on the shelf . maybe a nice evening with beer and bmovies would create a nice setting for this . . . picture .  br    br   after a couple of months i got back to it  in mentioned surroundings  and saw half . then not only the mentioned aspects annoyed me . my disliking evolved . i noticed how funny dani      m     height  looked in his platform shoes ripping a head of a mugger apart .  yes  ripping . his head apparently had no skull .  i also found that this movie may have no sense . still  i haven  t finished it yet  so i wasn  t positive .  br    br   after a couple more tries i finally managed to finish this flick  a couple of months back . . .  yes  it took me    years .  so  dani in fact was funny as satan  manson  super  evil  man  s helper and the movie did not make sense . see our bad person employs dani to do bad things . he delivers . why  well i guess he  s just very  very bad . as a matter of fact they both are and that is pretty much it .  br    br   we have a couple of short stories joined by dani  s character . my favourite was about a guy  who steals someone  s leg  because he wants to use it as his own . yeah  exactly .  br    br   the acting  s rock bottom . the cgi is the worst ever . i mean stinger beats it  and  boy  is stinger  s cgi baaaaad  . the story has no sense . and the quality is . . . let  s just say it is not satisfying . the only thing that might keep you watching is the unmotivated violence and gore . blood and guts are made pretty well . why  you can actually see that the movie originated there and then moved on .  example  dani  the man  filth takes a stuffed cat  fake as can be  and guts it . . . and then eats what fell out . why  we never know . we do know  however  that this cat must have been on illegal substances  as his heart is almost half his size .   br    br   you might think  after my comment that this movie is so bad it  s good  but it  s just bad . cradle of filth fans can add  points . i added one for gore .  
this film is a very funny film . the violence is bad  the acting is . . . well dani  stick to singing or screaming or whatever the hell it is you usually do . the random chicks wearing hardly anything is just to catch sexually  frustrated goth lads in . personally  i think this movie really does suck . the story and characters could be very good  if say the directing  the actors and other little nibby things were made better . but the film is just bad  the only reason why people like this piece of crap is because it has danni in it . this film is possibly the worst b  rate film ever . and  believe me that  s hard to achieve  especially when you  re competing with def by temptation and over crappy excuses for  serious  horror movies . i  m not a cof fan  and so i just see this as another rubbish movie . . . a really bad one . if dani made this as a comedy then  good going him . very well done . over than that though  i rate it low  for it  s crappiness . watch it when you  re in a happy  happy  joy  joy mode so you can laugh at everything or if you  re high on multiple different types of drugs .  
 . . . and you can look at that statement in different ways  by the way . first of all  it  s a mess because of all the gruesome and extremely violent scenes . your wildest imagination doesn  t even come close to some of the explicitly shown scenes here . entire parts of this movie are just plain sick  disgusting  offensive  brutal and they bring you close to puking your guts out . now  i love horror movies and i am very  pro  violence   but i do think that it has to lead somewhere   is that too much to ask  cradle of fear is just a series of utterly sick and twisted thoughts . the  movie  contains out of four separate chapters connected by a wraparound story . this results in endless showing of torture  murder and sickness only to find out that the victims have something in common . not very informative  if you ask me . and yet  it has to be said  the basic plot idea surely has potential . it  s about a cannibalistic hypnotist who made a deal with the devil himself to avenge himself and cause misery and death to everyone who was involved in his trial . personally  i think that is an interesting topic  so they should have focused on that a little more instead of wanting to create the most disgusting movie ever .  br    br   secondly  the whole production of this movie was a mess . they didn  t have much of a budget and they spent it all on fake blood and guts . . . tons of it   the acting performances are a joke and some of the worst i  ve ever seen . any other special effects besides the make  up looks very amateurish  like that attempt to a realistic car crash  for example  . there  s no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere . . . not even an attempt to build up one .  br    br   cradle of fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least . with the presence of death  metal icon danni filth  from the band cradle of filth . . get the link   this movie is obviously only meant for the eyes of twisted teenagers who try to be controversial . troubled girls and boys who take pleasure in worrying their parents by watching crap like this . and then people keep complaining that the amount of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing . . . bah . i can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you  re easily influenced or dispose of an unstable mind . for every self  respecting horror fan  this movie is an insult .  
cradle of fear  br    br   this isn  t a movie where intricate delicate little narrative nuances occupy our attention . this is not a film where the special effects are supposed to leave us slack  jacked uttering that sense of whoa . what it is though is a slice of lo  fi goth horror which leaves little to the imagination  created in the eyes of the director  alex chandon  as  a throwback to sleazy    s and    s horror  .  br    br   this is a very visceral experience for  hours  where four plot lines are connected through lots of watery blood  reams of dismembered body parts and innards  tied by an intestinal thread of revenge .  br    br   the purveyor of such horrific violence is dani filth  lead  singer of the metal band cradle of filth  executing a role he was destined to play .  br    br   as other  s have said  there is nothing new about wanting to carryout occultist revenge . in this particular context a convicted sexual predator and murderer  kemper  the father of our devilish avenging  angel  compels his son to exact retribution on those who are some how connected to convicting him to purgatory within an insane asylum .  br    br   what this provides for the chandon  who should be congratulated on also penning and editing this piece  is the opportunity to let his sick mind run free . he seems to take delight in the idea of splattering blood into the orifices of those on screen  and into every nook and cranny that can be reached . we are also treated to close  ups of skull  s being crushed  demonic rape  and other assorted imagery to engage those who relish getting up close and personal to their horror . and for some of those who closely follow these type of films  there is the odd sequence which may have you thinking   did i just see what i thought i did   because of course pretty woman this  aint . it reminds me of some of the gore  fests created out of italian horror some   to   years ago  and a number of other works where disgusting images have left their mark but not the context in which they were viewed .  br    br   story  of the set is particularly intriguing where the idea of ones obsession can ultimately lead to death in the pursuit of internet violence through the  sick room   where the user is in control of how a life can be snuffed out . further acknowledgements should also go out to a pounding soundtrack that allows filth to exercise his daytime talent  and an effective use of drum and bass  often overlooked in film  making as a viable form of supporting visuals . using the city of london as a backdrop with real people as opposed to movie stand  ins also adds support to the commando feel of the film . ok  classic it may not be  but blood  guts  intestines  occult and demons in a slightly perverse unproblematic way it is .  
this sure is one comedy i  m not likely to forget for a while .  br    br   wouldn  t normally bother to comment on this movie it  s so minor that no one would watch it anyway  but as it happens  it  s kind of popular in p  p sharing networks such as kazaa  and so this saaad production needs to be exposed for what it is .  br    br   so what is it then  well  of course it  s not really a comedy instead  it  s intended as a horror flick    intended  very much being the key word here . the script is a totally incoherent and unbalanced mess  the special effects are only special in that they  re especially pathetic  and as for the acting  well  let  s just say that if this had been my graduating play at primary school  my teachers would have burst out crying at our talent .  br    br   of course i realise that this is a very low budget film and that in those cases one should lower one  s expectations  certainly as far as things like special effects are concerned . also  even though i  m a big fan of the horror genre  i  m aware that these movies are only rarely the places to look for interesting scripts and top notch acting .  br    br   but still .  br    br   b  movies often have some redeeming features to make up for the lack of funding  such as humour . the only laughs in cradle to fear lie in the ridiculous performances . if you can find the humour in that   and i could for the first   minutes or so  gradually dozing off after that   then that  s going to be the only thing the movie has to offer . oh  that and two or three pairs of breasts .  br    br   woohoo  how exciting .  br    br   as for the story  it  s not even that it doesn  t try to convey anything the victims either use drugs and  or are involved in serious crime . the lesson watch out  naughty boys and girls  because one day you  ll be made to pay for what you  ve done .  br    br   i rest my case .  br    br   so  all in all  a little bit of sex  a fair amount of drugs  but absolutely zero rock  n roll .  br    br   i rate this one  out of    but would go to  if i could . or perhaps i wouldn  t it deserves a  for spelling the actors  names correctly in the titles . i mean  that  s something  innit   
now look  i won  t lie to you  but i only got this movie for   .   from a friend because it had danni filth  the lead singer of the ever popular death metal band  cradle of filth  in it . i expected of course violence and gore at its finest  as that is what mr filth can be portrayed as  amongst a plot line .  br    br   but dear god  i was oh so wrong . this movie seriously bites  big time . being a low budget film  haha  wait  make that zero budget   this obviously lacks the beautiful howard stern orchestra musical scores and the spielberg special effects . nope  it  s all one camera  bad angles  and bad blood scenes .  br    br   take for example when our star and violent fiend  mr filth  violently kills a mugger . a grab at the throat  and blood spits out  but oh my  it looks like there  s a juice packet filled with fake blood in the man  s shirt .  br    br   to you cradle of filth fans you  ll hear two songs throughout the movie  but with the camera angles and shoddy filming  they drag the overall pleasure of the song down .  br    br   my final comment steer well away from it . it  s blood  gore  breasts  and hey  even a shoddy story to go with it . so if you like appalling violence  near no voices  yes  there  s hardly any words in this movie   then by all means  buy it . but if shoddy movies isn  t your thing  then avoid it . don  t waste your money .  
check out the film  s website  more time was put into making that than in the writing of the script for this movie . it couldn  t be more off in it  s boasting . original story  original  they must have found the script tucked away between the old testament  or face legal repercussion for that bit of horn  tooting . high  end special effects  come on  i could do better with an atari     and a jug of earwax . stylish cinematography  oh yes  the america  s funniest home video look is still a classic . i  m sure they had little money available for this title  so of course the sf aren  t really that good  or a bit bad now and then  or just plain hilarious  but it  s the story that makes this film a waste of time and money .  stories rolled into one and all of them brainless bits of seen  befores and done  already  s .  
i didn  t know if i would laugh or cry seeing this . only addicted fans of danni filth could have a taste for this . this is supposed to be a horror movie but there  s only filth in this . the most cool scene is the car accident  with real special effects from the best of hollywood . avoid this movie at all costs . see this only for studies of how bad can be a movie . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
this is another of the many b minus movies tagged as film noir in the hope of generating some interest in something that is devoid of it . all aspects of the film  script  acting  direction  are mediocre . the acting by the three leads is wooden . i guess john dall was expected to go places in the movie business but then someone realised he had little talent and therefore ended up doing tv work . lee j cobb who is usually terrific cannot rise above the poor script and poor direction . jane wyatt is supposed to be a femme fatale but comes nowhere near convincing the viewers . the movie does have two of the strangest looking cars that i have ever seen  the one in which john dall goes after lee j cobb is particularly strange . the dvd transfer is typical alpha .  
did anyone who was making this movie  particularly the director  spare a thought for the logic of the story  line  these are not mere plot  holes  but plot graves  that become ever deeper as we lose any sympathy for the main character and his plight . that is  if you are kind enough a viewer to valiantly ignore the fact for most of the movie that the characters are either servants to the grave  hole plot  or boring and unlikeable . or  in the case of downey  s  hannah  s characters  apparently superfluous . in pondering the reason for existence of downey  s character  s significant screen  time in the movie  i decided that either the director had liked his character and unnecessarily increased his screen  time  unlikley  as the director didn  t change anything else about the script he actually needed to  or that his character was going to be sacrificed on the altar of bad plotting . i  ll leave you to guess which one it was to be .  br    br   i had to keep checking the cover of the dvd to confirm that this really was made by credible talents . i cannot understand why robert altman would take this job . surely he has some power to pick and chose . actually  i can  t understand why anyone would take this script on  except a first  time director looking for the experience .  br    br   i suppose robert downey jr . needed the money for his habit . i suppose kenneth branagh wanted to try a southern accent . i suppose robert duvall was only given a few pages of the script and thought the role in isolation sounded intriguing . these are the only motivations i can see that would coerce good actors to take on roles in this movie . as for robert altman  plenty of effort has gone in on his part to making the movie look fantastic . i found myself noticing how he had framed such and such a scene  or used the bright orange float vests in another scene to draw the eye  s movements  or imposed a beautiful filter to create a particular mood . i do not typically notice such things in movies  since most movies i bother to watch to the end actually engage me for reasons of good story  telling and interesting characters with understandable motives . i watched this to the end only because some ridiculous element of optimism in myself kept looking at that dvd cover and being convinced that  due to the talent involved  there had to be some redeeming factor in this movie .  br    br   nice direction . but that  s not why i watch movies .  
this was a disappointing film for me . it came to me via a boxed set entitled   classic film noir   which was a gift from someone who knows i typically enjoy films done in that style  i insist that noir is a style  not a genre  . i do not think it is a noir film at all . there seems to be a tendency these days to label and market every black and white b movie made from     to     as noir  and the label does not always fit . there is a persecuted male protagonist  ed cullen  lee j . cobb   and most of the film  s action takes place indoors . those are just about the only noir elements that i could see . there is no pervasive paranoia  or any real reason why one should sympathize with ed cullen . jane wyatt was overdressed and unconvincing as a femme fatale . i do not want to spoil this film for potential viewers . however  i would be interested in hearing what other connoisseurs of film noir have to say about it .  
maybe i  m missing something because i  ve read more positive things about the man who cheated himself than i have read bad reviews  and i just don  t get it . i like my noirs to have a little style to them with characters that speak  look  and act like humphrey bogart in the big sleep or gene tierney in laura . none of the characters in this movie have that style or presence or whatever you want to call it . take the lead actor  lee j . cobb . his rumpled  rolled  out  of  bed look is about as far from the dashing  smooth  talking noir archetype as you  ll find . or  take jane wyatt as the femme fatale as another example . this is one of the worst cases of miscasting i  ve seen in a while . she  s just not convincing in the role .  br    br   as for the plot  it  s tired and lacks any real surprises or anything new for the genre . i could have predicted the outcome of the man who cheated himself after about five minutes . and that final cat  and  mouse chase scene is plain old dull . ten to fifteen minutes of nothing happening really ruined any pacing the movie may have had going for it .  
i watched like  or  herzog movies and none of them had any impact on me .  br    br   i watched several documentaries about him . he is obviously an intelligent man  with great knowledge about films and passion for making them  but does this makes him a good director . definitely no  a complete anti  talent . he can make a good documentary because of previously mentioned traits  but a film with actors  never   br    br   he can  t direct nor write . his screenplays are full of badly thought out situations  and many situations  dialogues in his movies are so childishly and badly done that they cannot be hidden behind the word  art  in any sense . no way . not to mention the unskillful direction  so amateurish  like . to say that he wants to direct like that and write crap like that is a lie .  br    br   like the scene when scheitz gets arrested and storszek hides in the back of the store . who is he kidding   br    br   he is a cheater he knows what fake intellectuals and critics want . he knows what elements he needs to put in the script to get your their attention and empty praising . never mind the rest of the script and sloppy direction .  br    br   just look at julio medem . if herzog can make a movie like medem can  then i might re  check his old movies and try to find talent in them .  
lage raho munnabhai is really a disappointing movie . i have seen the first part of munnabhai and it was really good but this one really make u bore n disappoint u . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  br    br   this movie really waste yours time and money . i went with my friend to this movie on the first day of its release and v both get bore in cinema  hall . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  br    br   role of circuit was very small n useless n this movie . i think sanjay  dutt cut down the role of arshad varshi . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  br    br   character of the movie is also not well define like the previous one . this movie show u the result of over  confidence . . . . . . . . .  br    br   the ideas of mahatma is also not define and confusing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  br    br   a really very big disappointment  
the reason i intended to give this movie a chance to take  hours of my life  actually it was only   minutes  was my wish to try to understand and hopefully appreciate indian cinema . all i have ever seen were few older movies of s . ray .  br    br   browsing through imdb i came across this one and after seeing rating of  .  i concluded this must be the one which will open the doors of unknown and bring artistic enjoyment . oh my how wrong i was  the only logical explanation for this rating of  .  is that most of    people who voted are indian and their only venture outside bolliwood production were adam sandler movies .  br    br   with this rating this movie would be ranked on  th place on imdb list of    best movies above citizen cane  goodfellas of psycho  i am really not in a mood to review and criticize because there is simply nothing that i find worth remembering from this painful experience . my only hope is that there is a lot of hindu who like me find this movie as is   plain stupid  with abundance of kitsch and cheesy music .  
i love the munna bhai mbbs but  lagge raho . . .  sux really sux . i have never seen such a boring movie in my whole life . and these high ratings really astonished me that wat happened to the taste of indian cinema viewers    br    br   may be spoiler  br    br   an educated girl needs an advice from a bhai  people discussing their personal prob . on phones come on man from which part of the world u r    i agree that films should be fictitious but these things are really indigestible .  br    br    out of   .   stars is for   mins good starting   
let  s see where to begin . . . bad acting i  m not sure if i  d even call it that  as it more along the lines of a no  effort script read . the actors didn  t even seem to be into their parts and seemed quite lifeless and listless . sure there was a scene or two with nudity  but that couldn  t save this movie from it  s lifeless characters .  br    br   to call the main character a rapper is an insult to the people who actually do . the lyrics had no rhythm or flow and seemed more along the lines of senseless rants .  br    br   budget  did this movie even have a budget  it seemed like they used less money than i  ve seen in a home  shot youtube video . bad lighting  props  poor sound post production . bad special effects  if you want to go so far as to call them that . story could have been good if the people actually seemed interested in making it so  but there was no life to this flick i don  t care who directed it .  br    br   i  ve seen some really bad flicks in the past year and this one is definitely at the very bottom . don  t waste your time or you  ll be wishing you listened to this unbiased review . check the ratings  you  ll see the   s are rapidly outpacing the fluffed    s with hardly anything in between . wish i would have looked a little closer before wasting my time . what a suck  fest   
this is a film that makes you say  things . . .   i can do much better than this  acting  writing and directing    this is so bad i must leave a review and warn others . . .  br    br   looks as if it was shot with my flip video . i have too believe my friend who told me to watch this has a vendetta against me . i have noticed that there are some positive posts for this home video must have been left by crew members or people with something to do with this film . one of the worst  movies i have ever seen . hopefully the writers and director leave the business . not even talented enough to do commercials       
with a story and screenplay that seems to have been written by a high schooler   the art of seduction  fails to deliver the romantic  sophisticated experience it tries to bill itself as . the two main characters have the potential to be interesting  both male and female lead are  swinging singles  or in the female lead  s case  engaged    but  the art of seduction  doesn  t even try . shirking from a frank examination of these two characters  personalities   the art of seduction  eschews anything of substance for a basis of thin  lean stereotype .  br    br    the art of seduction  is insulting  insulting to its characters  insulting to men and women  and insulting to its audiences  expectations . it takes the awful beautiful people we all know and plays out their painful interactions while expecting us to idolize them . ji  wan is an immature  spoiled  manipulative bitch . the viewer is expected to like and forgive her flaws because she  s pretty . min  jun  well  he  s exactly the same . neither are nice people . the  humour  in this film primarily revolve around ji  wan and min  jun  s outlandish attempts at outdoing each other in the honourable art of lying and manipulation . no character development occurs  and we never learn why ji  wan and min  jun are like this . we are simply expected to take them as they are  and not ask questions  they  re cute   and that  s all that matters . the copious references to the celebrity of the main actors in azn cinema scenester  s reviews may tip you off to  art of seduction  s shallowness .  br    br   if you  re still in high school  you liked grease  or you are a yellow fever victim  you may like this movie .  br    br   despite its  romance  tag  this is not a very good date movie .  
a friend of mine lent this video to me and i was fairly excited to watch it  but after ten minutes of james hetfield  s slow pitched vocals and lars banging on his drum set in what appeared to be slow motion i began to think  why am i watching this   that question will be coursing through your minds in     minutes after you hit play . i gave the tape back the same day  as you would suspect  not worth buying or watching   br    br   just my opinion   br    br    
in spite of its impressive cast and crew pedigree gingerbread man crumbles early and often . the plot is unrealistically convoluted  the actors sport bad accents and director robert altman  s participation amounts to collecting a pay check . once again he has assembled an impressive cast  like woody allen  everyone wants to work with altman  that this time around to the letter is miscast . but that  s only part of the problem .  br    br   kenneth branagh is rick magruder a high powered georgia lawyer who in the film  s heavy handed opening scenes manages to get himself preposterously seduced by a mysterious catering company waitress who convinces him she is in grave danger from an ex  husband and a loony dad . with red flags everywhere the astute lawyer plods on even managing to get his children in harms way . fights of gun and fist follow along with a requisite car chase and if that  s not enough there  s a hurricane thrown in for the ridiculous finale .  br    br   branagh plays macgruder with a mealy and unconvincing southern accent . running around in a trench coat in all kinds of weather he  s blind to the obvious in order to keep the story going . hipster bob downey jr . is every bit as bad as a p . i . but with a little more emphasis on the bad accent . robert duvall as the old man is boo radely all growed up en crazier than a bed bug serving some thick slices of ham but at least his twang is plausible . the female leads  embeth davidtz  darryl hannah  famkhee jansen  are lean leggy and unemotive . even the celebrity lawyers doing cameos  vernon jordan  are wooden with the few throw away lines they have .  br    br   in addition to paying little attention to his actors  altman  s mise en scene dripping with spanish moss is murky and shapeless  his action scenes comic book . it lacks his offbeat touches and observations  he does inform the viewer that the stars and bars still wave in georgia  that make a well done altman so unique . unfortunately  gingerbread man is altman at his worst  even if the pay is the same .  
bill  buddy rogers  is sent to new york by his uncle  richard tucker  to experience life before he inherits    million . his uncle has paid  women jacqui  kathryn crawford   maxine  josephine dunn  and pauline  carole lombard  to chaperone him and ensure that he does not fall foul of gold  diggers . one such lady cleo  geneva mitchell  turns up on the scene to the disapprovement of the women . we follow the tale as the girls are offered more money to appear in a show instead of their escorting role that they have agreed to carry out for the  months that bill is in new york  while bill meets with cleo and another woman . at the end  love is in the air for bill and one other . . . . . . . . . . . . .  br    br   the picture quality and sound quality are poor in this film . the story is interspersed with musical numbers but the songs are bad and kathryn crawford has a terrible voice . rogers isn  t that good either . he  s pleasant enough but only really comes to life when playing the drums or trombone . there is a very irritating character who plays a cab driver  roscoe karns  and the film is just dull .  
i had read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel . . . so invariably my expectations were crushed . but they were crushed more than should be expected . the movie would have been a decent movie if i had not read the novel beforehand  which perhaps ruined it for me .  br    br   in any event  for some reason they changed the labor camp at toulon to a ship full of galley slaves . the scene at bishop myriel  s was fine . in fact  other than the galleys  things survived up until the dismissal of fantine . because we do not want to have bad things happen to a good woman  she does not cut her hair  sell her teeth  or become a prostitute . the worst she does is run into the mayor  s office and spit on his face . bamatabois is entirely eliminated . because having children out of wedlock should also not be talked about  tholomyes is fantine  s dead husband  rather than an irresponsible dandy . valjean is able to fetch cosette for fantine before the champmathieu affair  so they reunite happily  yet another change . then comes the convent  which is a pretty difficult scene to screw up . thankfully  it was saved . after this three minutes of accuracy  however  the movie again begins to hurtle towards classic novel butchering .  br    br   as cosette and valjean are riding through the park  they come across marius giving a speech at a meeting . about prison reform . when he comes to hand out fliers to valjean and cosette  he says the one line in the movie that set me screaming at the tv set .  we aren  t revolutionaries .  i could hear victor hugo thrashing in his grave . of course they are revolutionaries  they want to revolt against the pseudo  monarchy that is in place in favor of another republic  you dumb screenwriters  it  s a historical fact that there was an insurrection against the government in     .  br    br   at one point cosette goes to give marius a donation from her father for the reform movement and meets eponine . except . . . not eponine . or at least not the eponine of the book . this eponine appears to be a well  to  do secretary girl working for the prison reformers  who are working out of the cafe universal as opposed to the cafe musain  . not to mention the audience is already made to dislike her thanks to her not  period  low  cut  tight  fitting dress and her snooty mannerisms .  br    br   the prison reformers  lead by the most poorly cast enjolras that i have ever seen  decide that handing out pamphlets isn  t good enough anymore . so they  re going to build barricades . i don  t know about you  but i have never heard of reform movements tearing up the streets and building barricades and attacking government troops . about three hundred people  it was not supposed to be so many  start attacking the national guard and building a bunch of barricades  etc . eponine does die for marius  thankfully .  br    br   the rest of the movie is sort of accurate  except that javert  s suicide again seems hard to understand thanks to his minuscule screen time and odd character interpretation . the movie ends with valjean watching javert jump into the river . this is again inaccurate because valjean would never have let javert drown . he saved the man  s life earlier  why let him die now  then there  s the whole skipping of valjean  s confession to marius  his deterioration  and his redemption on his deathbed with marius and cosette by his side .  br    br   overall  i can blame the script mostly for the problems . while i am glad enjolras and eponine were at least present in the film  they were terribly misinterpreted  as was the entire barricade scene . the elimination of fantine  s suffering prevents us from feeling too much pity for her . that cosette knows valjean  s past from the start messes with the plot a good deal . i did not even see thenardier  and mme . thenardier only had a few seconds of screen time . the same with gavroche . i did like frederich march  s interpretation of valjean a lot  however  which was one of the redeeming features of the movie . on the other hand  charles laughton  for all his great acting in other movies  seems to have missed the mark with javert . the lip tremble  the unnecessary shouting  and his acting in general all just felt very wrong . he also  like many javerts i have seen  did not appear at all menacing  something required of the character .  br    br   again  this film would probably feel much better if i had not read the book . i would not recommend it to book purists  though . i would also say that the movie would have been a good adaptation for the time had not the infamously accurate french version come out the year before .  
here  s an indie film i really wanted to like  but ultimately could not . the lack of script  boldly proclaimed in the main titles  really shows through and kills the picture . the story is a nonsensical mess that isn  t worth trying to figure out . i quickly became bored within   minutes  then suffered through the remainder of the first   minutes   hoping for the best   before hitting the chapter stops to  mercifully  get to the end . . . even that wasn  t worth the extra effort . ozark savage clearly tries too hard to be clever  lifting its best sequences from evil dead  and the matrix . as a result  there  s very little in ozark savage that hasn  t been done before  and better . this film would have been much more fun as a      minute short  but as a feature  it just feels padded and forced . of course  there  s no money in shorts  so i completely understand the financial reasons that i assume motivated it being stretched out to    minutes . director matt steinauer shows great promise  and i wish him luck .  
many people thought that this is a good movie but i don  t agree with them . at the beginning of the movie  a spaceship crushed on earth and some of the aliens escaped from the spaceship  then hey killed some people on the earth  but for no reason . also  it is in a dark forest  i can  t see anything on the screen  i can only hardly hear the sound .  br    br   after a few days  the predator came to the earth but no one had sent signals to him before that  he should not know what happened on the earth  so there is a contradiction . finally  the predator found the headmaster of the aliens and killed it for no reason . he was not live on earth  t is none of his business about the things happened here . lastly  the duration of the movie is only   minutes long  the summary is too short and it can  t tell the reviewers about the story clearly .  br    br   in conclusion  i don  t think this is a good movie .  
i just finished a marathon of this series  and it became agonising to watch as it progressed . from the fictionalising of the historical elements  to o  herlihy  s awful accent in later episodes  the show just slumps the further it goes . if you are looking for some low quality production generalised ww  fluff  then i could recommend season   but avoid anything after that  it degenerates into being one step from a soap opera  with increasingly worse story lines and sensibility .  br    br   the old bw film is by far the best of any form of entertainment with the colditz name attached to it  and even that is not what one could hope for .  
saw this  film  recently and have to say it was the worst attempt at film making i have ever had the misfortune to see . what the hell was going on with coolio  totally unprovoked shooting at people in distress . totally uninvolving  slow  tedious and detached . worse than spawn . long live  evil dead ii  .  
what the hell of a d  movie was that  bad acting  bad special effects and the worst dialogues  storyline i ever came across . the only cool thing here was coolio  who had a nice cameo as a freaked out cop . however  the rest of the film is awful and boring . it  s not even so bad  you can laugh about it . just plain crap . and whoever compares this to the evil dead series might as well compare tomb raider to indiana jones  well  ok  at least there was angelina jolie in tomb raider    out of    
this movie is bad  it  s basically an overdone copy of michael jackson  s thriller video  only worse  the special effects consist of lots of glow in the dark paint  freaky slapstick fastmoving camera shots and lots of growling . i think the dog was the best actor in the whole movie .  
this film is so much of a rip  off of the masterpeice  demons  and thats the only thing that makes the movie worth watching . the acting is terrible  the action scenes are speeded up  the script is almost painful and budget non existent .  br    br   if you think this film is good then you havn  t seen a real horror film  skip this and get a copy of the movie demons .  
lame  lame  lame    a    minute cringe  fest that  s   minutes too long . a setting ripe with atmosphere and possibility  an abandoned convent  is squandered by a stinker of a script filled with clunky  witless dialogue that  s straining oh  so  hard to be hip . mostly it  s just embarrassing  and the attempts at gonzo horror fall flat  a sample of this movie  s dialogue after demonstrating her artillery  fast dolly shot to a closeup of barbeau  s vigilante charactershe any questions   hyuck hyuck hyuck  . bad acting  idiotic  homophobic jokes and judging from the creature effects  it looks like the director  s watched the evil dead  way too many times .  br    br   i owe my friends big time for renting this turkey and subjecting them to ninety wasted minutes they  ll never get back . what a turd .  
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . while featuring good actors the movie doesn  t live up to the expectations . the most dramatic thing about this movie is the music  which pretty much sums up the movie compensating for a bad and confusing storyline by having known  good actors  loud and dramatic music . it doesn  t change the fact  that this is a very boring movie to watch . earned itself a score of  .  
this is arguably the worst film i have ever seen  and i have quite an appetite for awful  and good  movies . it could  just  have managed a kind of adolescent humour if it had been consistently tongue  in  cheek    la rocky horror picture show  which was really very funny . other movies  like plan nine from outer space  manage to be funny while  apparently  trying to be serious . as to the acting  it looks like they rounded up brain  dead teenagers and asked them to ad  lib the whole production . compared to them  tom cruise looks like alec guinness . there was one decent interpretation   that of the older ghoul  busting broad on the motorcycle .  
my friend  s mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out  so when she brought home the convent  a horror movie  i couldn  t wait to watch it . given that it  s supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious  i can say that in some weird way  i like this movie .  br    br   yes  the acting is bad  and yes  it  s the cheapest movie i  ve ever seen  but it  s so damn funny   what  are you smoking ca  rack    i didn  t know this movie even was ever released . . . i figured it was too bad . . .  br    br   yeah  so . . . overall the movie is pretty bad  you gotta admit that much at least  but i promise you  you will get a good laugh out of it .  br    br   this movie kinda sucks but it  s good for a laugh . . . especially that guy that holds the  dagger of despair  . . the dagger of despaaaaaair   
this movie is one of the worst horror movies i have ever seen . from the very first scene  i knew it would be a smash crash . it starts with a seemingly bad girl killing a bunch of nuns in a mission . as it turns out  the people in it were possessed by some random zombies . well  some years later  some college kids are pulling some pledge prank . horrible acting goes from pledge to the head jock . things like the jock yelling at him to do stuff in quite a non  chalonte manner  with pledge over reacting and over  doing the whole  eager to be popular role  what really took the cake with this one is the final battle . absolutely horrible special effects with the guns . for example  guns making a noise with no muzzle flash  and vice  versa . this is accompanied by stop  animation zombies  why they move in stop motion is a mystery   cheesy music  and about   guns that come out of nowhere .  br    br   overall  this movie is crap . just like so many others you can rent for   cents at your nearest low brow movie rental place .  
this film wasn  t programmed in italian cinemas  i have seen it at a manifestation called  fantafestival  . i find it terrible because some scenes seems like music videos chaotic and dark  the use of fluorescent colors is ridicule and there  s no suspence in the film . music is completely out of the story and i don  t have words to describe the visual effects . if you look at the first scene the film seems to be interesting  but a few minutes later it becomes busy . the story is interesting but the development needs a complete review .  
in fact  these young people were so distasteful that i couldn  t wait for all of  em to get slaughtered  and that includes clarissa  joanna canton  since i considered her the most annoying of the bunch .  br    br   but i knew it was gonna be a mess from the opening minutes when a teen christine opened fired on the priest and the nuns with the leslie gore music playing in the background . it had nowhere to go but down .  br    br   even the prosthetics looked fake and the  blood  looked suspiciously like hawaiian punch  although later on it took on red day  glo look to match the silly halloween makeup they were all wearing . i  m sure all the goth morons out there will appreciate this bullsh  t since it  ll appeal to that bunch . it sure didn  t appeal to me . blah . . .  br    br   and not even my favorite horror babe adrienne barbeau can save this stupid teen horror flick from itself . she still looks hot  though . i  m glad she takes care of herself since we don  t get to see too much of her nowadays .  br    br   however  it is a step up from dante tomaselli  s meandering horror       in that it has a somewhat coherent plot  so i  ll give it that much . that and the little boston terrier named boozer also brings it up a notch . i like what boozer does to clarissa in the end . it was the only good scene in an otherwise silly film .  br    br   lion  s gate films sure must have been desperate when they picked this one up .  br    br    out of    
when i tell people that i review movies as a hobby  the first thing they say is  what do you think of such  and  such movie   there are a couple of problems here . firstly  there is the probable chance that i  ve not seen it and thus  i ruin my reputation . secondly  i could trash the movie in question without realising that it  s actually their favourite . lastly  i could be given dvds to watch so they can judge my opinion . thus  i find myself sat before  the convent  which is the sort of film i would ignore completely given the choice but unable to avoid here . more  s the pity because this frankly dreadful  horror  is about as scary as a box of kittens .  br    br   following well  worn clichs   the convent  focuses on a bunch of american high school students on a trip to an abandoned convent on a mission to get stoned  laid and mildly spooked . but you  ll never guess what happens next  a group of cannibalistic demonic nuns emerge from the cobwebs who proceed to pick the kids off one by one in classic horror movie tradition . will any of them survive and more importantly  haven  t you got better things to worry about   br    br   the only thing that saves  the convent  from being a total waste of time is the fact that nobody is really taking this tosh seriously with the exception of coolio  s bizarre cameo as a hyperactive cop with an itchy trigger finger . it  s far too amusing to be properly frightening  the zombie cheerleader who makes chipmunk noises for no reason  the day  glo paint jobs that appears when you become a zombie  but what really kills it as a horror is the fact that you can instantly tell when someone is going to jump out and get messily murdered . but even if they were trying  i still doubt that it would work  demonic nuns wearing the sort of make  up you  d see in the  buffy the vampire slayer  tv show aren  t really that scary . the scariest thing about this movie really is that over    of voters gave this a maximum score . i mean  i know it  s funny but i hardly split my sides . to be honest  i  ve had more fun in a dentist .  br    br    the convent  isn  t really a horror movie as such . it  s more of a comedy horror like  scary movie  or  shaun of the dead  but you  re laughing at it instead of with it . i honestly can  t recommend this to anybody except the family of the cast and crew but even then  i doubt very much they  d enjoy it . i don  t enjoy the  so bad that it  s good  genre  i personally feel that if the film  makers can  t be bothered to salvage a turkey then i shouldn  t bust a gut trying to watch it . yes  it  s a bad film and yes  they really should have gone home and done something more constructive . a rubik  s cube  for example . the dvd box has two price stickers  one for   .   and a reduced price of   . but it was sold for   and that should tell you everything you need to know about this poxy  cheap  awesomely bad flick . sorry if you do like it but  the convent  really is a pile of unholy crap .  
i just watched the convent for the second time . i had enjoyed it previously and figured it would make for a good drunken friday night film  some gore  some style  bit of humour and suchlike . i was saddened to find that i could no longer appreciate it much . it seemed like someone had set out to revisit cheeseball epics like night of the demons for a modern audience but lost the things that made the original worthwhile . for the record i  m not even a huge fan of night of the demons  but there were some things i really dug about it . the convent does the cheese but the not the goodness so much . apart from the main girl  likeable performance from joanna canton   the goth girl and a sweet cameo from adrienne barbeau pretty much all the characters were excruciatingly unlikeable  festering at the absolute lowest levels of moronic  offensive jockhood . the film is then gravely hampered by the complete lack of gratuitous nudity which means that  given the awful dialogue  it is difficult to watch the characters and harder to appreciate the good points of the film . the evil nuns are original in design and get lots of good scenes  though not scary their certainly kinda cool  and the film also fields a fair amount of neat gore . towards the end  when adrienne barbeau is on the scene the film becomes quite entertaining cause all the obnoxious people are dead and its an evil nun bashing frenzy . the stylised direction also occasionally yields good results  although sometimes the camera just moves too fast . all in all  this was a film where for me the shining good points just can  t make up for the things i hated . those more fond of this kind of film may well enjoy it a lot more  but for me it wasn  t a good time .  
 . . . . . . this film is pretty awful  the only thing stopping me from giving it a rating of  was the fact that i unfortunately have seen worse .  br    br   the jungle music  juttering demons  and fluorescent uv style blood  teeth  eyes give it that  awful  look  and the script is dire . . . . . this film is more like a test to see how long you can last before giving up on it . it  s also predictable but not in a good way . nothing this film does is in a good way . i watched it   minutes ago and thought i would rant a bit so there you are .  oh and the acting doesn  t let the film down  it  s also terrible   
this film is absolutely horrific . one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen . the story does nearly not exist  the characters are full of stereotypes and the special  fx only make you laugh . the only remarkable thing about this movie is the guest appearance of the rapper coolio as some kind of police officer .  br    br   if this film was supposed to be a comedy i didn  t quite get the point . if you want to watch this movie please get yourself drunk first and then prepare for some good laughs . . . especially when the first special  fx appear on the screen .  br    br   but if you like trash movies made on the cheap this film is a must  see for you .  
worst movie i have seen since gingerale afternoon . i suppose that this is a horror  comedy . i pretty much predicted every scene in this movie . the special  effects were not so special . i believe that i could come up with as good of effects from what i have lying around the house . i wish i could have something good to say about this movie  but i am afraid that i don  t . even coolio should be ashamed of appearing in such a turkey . i do  after a little thought  have one thing good to say about this movie  it ended .  
rarely have i witnessed such a gratuitous waste of talent . there is almost nothing constructive to be said about this hopeless swamp of a film . what few interesting strands the film seems to promise initially turn out to be little more than red herrings . actors of stature  robert duvall  robert downey  jr .  are deployed in roles which go nowhere a director of occasional genius produces a film which looks like it is filmed through a coffee  stained camera lens a writer  john grisham  who has never produced anything of merit  discovers new depths of under  motivated incoherence . the film has a cheap  lecherous feel about it  but barely at the level of commentary  its really part of the aesthetic . normally  i come on to the imdb to write balanced  generally appreciative comments . this egregious disaster of a film just makes me want to produce an endless  bilious rant . i won  t  but only because i no longer want to occupy my  mind  with this trash .  
i thought that this movie was pretty lame . if you  re looking for cheesey  you may like this . i  myself  don  t mind a fair amount of cheese  but this was ridiculous . the progression of the movie bored me and the storyline was very weak .  br    br   the only thing entertaining about this movie was the day  glo zombies  but even that isn  t reason enough to see this flick .  
i saw the trailer to this film and it looked great  so i went out and bought it . what a mistake  the acting is a shambles  the special effects  if you could call them that   look like something that wouldn  t be out of place at a school play . some of the characters are so stupid in this film you will cringe the minute they are on the screen  which unfortunately is all to often . as for a story  forget it . this is a warning  don  t waste any money at all on this film it has to be one of the worst things i have ever seen . if  for some reason  you like this film watch troll   you will probably enjoy that as well .  
this movie is awful  i don  t even know where to begin  i  m speechless i can  t even describe how awful this is . the blood is flourescent first of all  and the acting is awful  the only good part was the biker chick that saves the day . this movie was rediculous  i don  t see how it could even get a vote of  its so bad . it looks like it was made by highschool students .  
this is one of those movies that should have been way better than it turned out to be . i dread to think what the blockbuster  approved edit must have looked like  because the director  s cut on dvd was a bore of the epic proportions . naturally  you don  t expect it to be  the godfather   but an acting class or two might have come in handy .  br    br   also  there were so many cute guys in this movie  but they were woefully under  exploited . i like watching a bevy of hotties writhe around in their bvds as much as the next guy  but even i have a right to expect a little more . it wasn  t a total loss  though at least we got a peek a drew fuller  s  covered  junk and truly upsetting haircut . and there  s huntley ritter looking even cuter than he did in  bring it on   and acting about as well  . there  s always a silver lining  kids . you just have to look really hard for it . and occasionally  you have to make use of your pause button .  
  voodoo academy  features an  academy  like no other  one that houses only six male students in one bedroom . these teenage guys are instructed in religion by a sinister young priest  who enjoys tormenting and comforting them simultaneously . the sole administrator of this  academy  is a young and seductive headmistress  and she retains her handsome charges on a short leash  so to speak .  br    br   sexual overtones abound  and the director obviously has high regard for young male bodies . these young actors occasionally strip down to their designer underwear to sneak about the  academy   and their sexuality is the entire focus of the movie . if you  re not interested in the male form   stay away   br    br   burdened by weak and awkward dialogue  this low  budget exploitation piece just stumbles along with a few laughable special effects tossed in between the yawns . the mood is claustrophobic  with tediously long takes  a handful of cheap sets and few costume changes . these visual elements come interspersed with seemingly unending sequences of banal dialogue  intended as character and plot development . it gives one the feeling it was filmed in three days . . .  
i have seen a lot of bad films . most of the time i can enjoy a crappy horror film for what it is . but this really takes badness to new extremes .  br    br   it is bland  the plot for what it is never really goes anywhere and takes its time over it . there are no shocks  no horror  no suspense  just a load of guys rubbing themselves for an hour and a half and then a quick finish .  br    br   a blight on the crappy horror genre  avoid at all costs .  br    br    
i know you  ve read that before  on countless other films no doubt if you  re reading the comments here  but voodoo academy still stands as the absolute worst film i  ve been able to track down . no doubt the really bad ones aren  t even available to buy or watch on tv  but even so i feel it  s fair to qualify that i  m not just some dumb renter who picked badly .  br    br   i  ve seen two thirds of the bottom    ranked films here on the imdb  and i  m ticking of the remaining ones with every chance . most of those stand head and shoulders above this . . . excersize in absolute monotony .  br    br   i like to rate truly bad films  as in ones with no humour even in how bad they are  by how many people you need to watch it with to make it all the way through . if you can watch it by yourself  it isn  t that bad . if you can watch it with one single friend . . . it  s bad but could be a lot worse .  br    br   it took  of us to make it all the way through voodoo academy . and not even the usually fun moments of watching bad films  spotting the boom mic for example   times in this one if i  m not mistaken  could take away the dry taste in my mouth . yes i  d watched it  but i  d also forced  of my friends to watch it with me to achieve that end .  br    br   i hope and pray we saw the directors cut . . . to think that there could be a version with   more minutes of big eyebrowed lugs with baby oil glands rubbing their torsos just scares the hell out of me . so much of the film centers around this .  br    br   i do applaud david decoteau for managing to lens this film in two days on a short budget  just as i applaud him for convincing people to pay him to make what is no doubt a celluloid version of some of his fetishes . but it isn  t a good film . the original shop of horrors was shot in the same length of time for a comparitive amount of money  considering inflation  and was an utter gem . it  s not an excuse for how bad this baby is .  br    br   spoilers ahead . . .  br    br   it  s not even worth picking apart the plot holes or cliched know it all hero characters . . . the pacing of the film . . . is insane . . . nothing . . . is interesting for the length of time decoteau dedicates to the pectoral self massaging . no matter what your alignment or sex . . . rubbing just cannot sustain that kind of screen time .  br    br   the acting is cheese . . . but not overly amatuer . . . i  ve seen a lot worse in better films . . . but somehow it  s the semi competent delivery of some of the worst lines you  ll ever hear in a film  that really grates .  br    br   rent this if  like me  you have a fascination with the worst of the worst  and only if you  re going to watch it with a group of people who are prepared to work to get through it . this is no ha ha ha the set wobbled affair . it  s an endurance test you probably want to skip .  br    br   i  m sure there is worse . . . but i wouldn  t be surprised if it has decoteau  s name on it .  
this was probably the worst movie i have ever seen in my life   it was stupid there was no plot and the special affects were ridiculous   and i have never seen such bad acting in my life  the only good part about the movie were all the hot guys  especially drew fuller  . i don  t know what these people were thinking when they made this movie   i didn  t even want to finish the whole thing because you get to this point in the movie where the guys are all in bed touching themselves . i mean it was like some kind of sick and twisted kiddy porn  i would advise anyone who has heard of this movie and was interested in seeing it to just forget about it and find another movie to watch  i was very disappointed   the whole movie was a complete waste of time in my opinion .  
if you like to comment on films where the script arrive halfway the movie then this is the one . a setting and acting as in a porn movie but nothing is happening only some groping and touching of the third kind . which actually becomes very boring after   minutes of touchy feely but no action . a few of the actors i  ve seen in real x rated movies and there their acting then was a lot better . all the special effects are done by the great  rondo  whom performs all the magic whit his mind . a cult movie is written on the box . does that mean that this film is not to be watched at all     br    br   get drunk with some friends and watch this movie on new years eve ore thanks giving .  
cheap and mind  blisteringly dull story and acting . not a single good line  not even a line bad enough to be good  and no memorable delivery . even the blooper reel included with the dvd showed how inept the actors were and how little fun any of them were having . the esoteric and occult basis was apathetically inauthentic  and the antagonists failed to be creepy or believable . the  homoerotic  overtones were pointlessly tame and dissatisfying  and were limited to young boys caressing their chests while flaccid in their boxers . i  m not gay enough to appreciate it  but a little action might have at least kept me and my girlfriend awake .  
what  s up with robert  pretentious  altman  was he saving on lighting  everything was so dark in this boring movie that it was laughable . i mean  have you ever seen a lawyer  s office where everyone works by candlelight   br    br   don  t waste your time . in fact  don  t waste your time with anything altman makes it  s all a pretentious waste of film .  
pros nothing  br    br   cons everything  br    br   plot summary a female reporter runs into a hitchhiker that tells her stories about the deaths of people that were killed by zombies .  br    br   review never in my life have i come across a movie as bad the zombie chronicles . filmed on a budget of what looks to be about   bucks  tzc is a completely horrible horror movie that relies on lame  forgetable actors whom couldn  t act to save their lives and gore that  s more gross than frightening . how does a movie like this even get made  simply put  avoid tzc like a sexually  transmitted disease .  br    br   my last  cents humorously enough  this movie was made by a movie company called brain damage films . they  re brains must have really been damaged to come up with a craptacular movie like this .  br    br   my rating  out of    if it were up to me  this movie would get the rating of negative bajillion   
you can  t hold too much against this knowing that it was made in four days  and i had expected it to be campy anyway .  it  s not all that campy in reality . with the exception of kevin kalisher and huntley ritter  who don  t take themselves seriously  the rest of the cast plays it halfway straight riley smith is exceptionally bad .  the ridiculous story is actually paid attention to  which kind of shocked me i assumed the whole purpose with these ultra  low  budget horror movies was to cater to the basest sexual fantasies and not give a damn about the story  but they use lots of words like  technological  and  physicality  in the script to get their point across .  although it  s possible that the story is important only to explain why there  s so few cast members .  nobody cares about this stupid storyline  and the only things that are interesting in the film are the mocking of cults and the soft  core homoeroticisms  which aren  t all that edgy  . i would have enjoyed it more if there were just some random killings for no reason . the film is grainy  with a tv  quality look and acting level . there are a few  sexy  scenes that are alright   the boys writhing in bed in their boxers  feeling themselves up or being tied down and making orgasmic faces while wine is poured on them   and some of them are kinda funny . and i liked the digs at l . ron hubbard and the intended irony of a story about religious cultists told with intense gay overtones  but it still isn  t any good .      
and a few more  no  s on top of that . voodoo academy is  without a doubt  the least ambitious film of all time . what exactly is it trying to do  tell a story  obviously not as has been pointed out  most of it  s just barely  legal guys rubbing themselves . could it  then  be an attempt at subversive homoeroticism  well  maybe  if not for the fact it never ever ever goes beyond the most innocuous and nonthreatening forms of male contact .  which is  to the delight of none  repeated about eighty thousand times .  well  it is sort of a horror movie is it trying to scare us  not unless the director meant to do so through the utter tedium and vacuousness of his  work .   br    br   never in my life have i enjoyed a movie less . this is the most boring and unnecessary thing i  ve ever seen . it  s like voodoo academy takes the genres of horror  zombie  and gay movies  puts them in a grinder  then runs them through a coffee filter   only instead of it being the kind of coffee filter that filters out coffee beans  it  s the kind that takes out everything vital  edgy  or in any way interesting . the result is   minutes of film every bit as exciting as a glass of warm water   only without the ability to rehydrate you after the    day gin binge that will inevitably befall you if you watch this abomination of human effort .  
i have been reading the reviews for this movie and now i wanna kill my self . i don  t wanna live in a world where people find this move or rob schneider funny . what is wrong with these people . i  m not angry at rob schneider because he has the intelligence of a dead cat . i watched this film in disbelief . who would pay money to make this   this film is so bad that its painful . most bad films are funny because they are crap . the animal is just disgusting    watch this film and if you like please for all of man kind kill your self . we don  t need you . i want to raise money to get rob scheider off all movies . if someone killed rob schneider they should be given a nobel peace prize .  
rob schneider is a famous comedian cause of his movements  facials and performances of  not humans  . this time he is the animal . marvin is a loser who is trying to be a hero and one day  nobody takes a call from a man that gets attacked  so marvin has to take this case and save the attacked man . but on his way to the crime scene  he crashes with his car and gets really damaged . he doesn  t remember what happens and at the next ordinary day  his life is not same when he finds out that he has animal instincts . of course  we got our female that our main character is trying to reach but his tryings  are useless . she is played by collen haskell . there are no negative characters . the negative character  is destiny if i could use this metaphor . marvin should find out  how to become a normal human being again . by the way  his animal instincts  helps him in some situations . schneider  s performance is a so  so . the movie is so unreal that gets stupid at some moments but it is one of those movies  called mindless fun as i have written above . so watch it for the monkey style rob schneider but it is definitely not one of the best comedies ever or one of the best movies that schneider appears in . he is a great comedian but this is not his best movie .  
i hired this movie expecting a few laughs  hopefully enough to keep me amused but i was sorely mistaken . this movie showed very minimal moments of humour and the pathetic jokes had me cringing with shame for ever hiring it . . . aimed at an age group of       this movie will certainly leave viewers outside of these boundaries feeling very unsatisfied . worth no more than  votes highly unrecommended for anyone not wanting to waste  hours of their lives .  
guy is a loser . can  t get girls  needs to build up  is picked on by stronger more successful guys  etc . seen it  saw it  moved on . i  d have to say that rob needs to move past the adam sandler part of his life . and get out of the adam sandler plots . there are two funny parts in the whole movie . i couldn  t even finish the last  minutes . i was getting bored .  the animal  is an alright film . i do usually enjoy adam sandler films that have the same plot . but this was trying too hard to impress . the jokes are very old . so  trust me . this is not a film that most people could really get into . but some did  so i  ll be nice .  br    br        
redundant  but again the case . if you enjoy the former snl comedian and his antics  in this case  schneider   then you should go . basic comedy . man  s life is saved by having various animal organs transplanted into him . unfortunately  he takes on each animal  s characteristics . former survivor colleen looks pretty good here  now that she doesn  t have open sores on her legs  and a little makeup on her face  d  
i was expecting a movie similar to deuce bigalow  which i enjoyed . however  this dud seemed to last forever . it  s one of those flicks which enjoys the sad placement of pg    while not being kid appropriate . the jokes aren  t just low  brow or ft jokes  they  re crude  lewd  and many acts cross the boundaries to not only bad taste but beyond legal and moral decency . many scenes appear to have been chopped to get the pg    rating . . . too bad . . . it might have made a bigger splash as an r  rated film if the funny was left in .  overstatement  probably .  i do not recommend this movie . it is a full  on waste of time . . . and i  m a movie lover and ready to give just about anything a shot . at   minutes in  the movie felt like it should be winding down . . . and boy were we ready for it to . the ending is quaint but doesn  t salvage the rest of this quagmire  tourist trap of a rental .    star  glad i saw it as a freebie . . . would have been sickened to pay hard  earned greenbacks for this tripe   
nothing in this movie is funny . i thought the premise  giving a human the libido of a randy ram  was interesting and should provide for some laughs . wrong  there is simply nothing funny about the movie . for example  the main character making a pass at a goat in heat in the middle of a farmer  s yard is not funny  it borders on obscenity . they are toying around with bestiality in this film on one level  and it just aint funny .  br    br   we all know that dogs will eat anything  anywhere  anytime . the main character doing this with everything  everywhere  everytime is also not funny . it becomes a cliche .  br    br   rob schneider is  i guess  acceptable in the role . by this  i mean that he  s not a bad actor  but with rotten material it  s difficult to comment on quality . however  coleen haskell  the other half of the human  romantic leads  does one count the number of animals that the main character has interest in as romantic leads too    seems embarrassed by the whole thing  as well she should be . she seems to be acting in some kind of vacuum  detached from all the other actors in the movie .  br    br   see this film only if you wish to be bored by tasteless  dull  repetitive material .  
this is a very bad movie . i laughed once or twice  and the storyline sucks  there is maybe one funny joke  it is stupid and it is boring . through the whole short movie  i was falling asleep and wondering when it was going to end .  br    br   no one acts human  and everyone acts stupid and ridiculous . rob schneider acting like an animal isn  t something i would pay to see . it looked funny  but the bottom line don  t waste you  re precious time on such a ridiculous and stupid movie .  br    br   i was wondering when it was going to end  even though it is a short movie . in the beginning we thought it would get better but it gets worse . stupid  all the way to the end . i walked out of the theater  and i would remember that movie as extremely bad forever .  br    br   the writer and co  producer of this film is a simpsons tv writer  but this is nothing like the simpsons  this movie sucks      
this was the most pointless film i have ever seen as there was no plot and the actors did not seem to care .    of the film had absolutely no plot whatsoever  i laughed so much my ribs began to ache . the bit where the old men when to capture robert duvall was ludicrous . on a directorial level making a noir film does not involve lots of raining sequences and pointless closeups on the main character . this is a failed attempt to create a noir thriller and instead alienates the viewer with incoherent scenes . seeing as this was based on a  manuscript  by john grisham i do not count this as one of his book to film adaptations as it displays none of the suspense and engaging storyline as films such as  the firm  or  the rainmaker  .  
i saw an interview with rob schneider  who plays the lead character  marvin mange  in this film .  he said in it that he wanted to emphasize physical comedy here so much that even if you had the volume turned off you  d be laughing at this movie . obviously that must be the secret . i had the volume turned up . i was actually listening to this thing and thought it was a disaster  and completely unfunny  a major disappointment after schneider  s hilarious performance in  deuce bigalow  male gigolo .   br    br   the story is stupid mange is a major loser who dreams of being a cop who gets filled with a bunch of animal transplants after a car accident by a mad scientist type appropriately named dr . wilder  michael caton   and as a result starts to lose control of his  animal instincts .  this makes him a  supercop .  he can sniff out drugs hidden in body cavities and outrun horses . of course  he also has a nasty habit of eating people  s cows and trying to seduce their goats  but surely that  s a small price to pay  it just didn  t do anything for me .  br    br   the cast left much to be desired . is there a more irritating actor in all of hollywood than john mcginley  here  he plays sgt . sisk  mange  s commander on the police force  as a repugnantly cartoonish character  much the same as his doctor character in the inexplicably popular tv series  scrubs .   i was anxious to get a look at colleen haskell  s first  serious  acting job  can anything in this movie be called  serious    she  of course  gained her fame as a contestant on the first  survivor  and she proves here what we knew from that she  s cute as a button . what she doesn  t prove here is that she has any discernible talent as an actress . and what  s with ed asner as police chief wilson . i mean  how old is this guy now  he  s the size of some of the cows mange tried to eat  and he seemed out of breath the whole way through . i  m surprised he made it through the filming . there  s a brief cameo at the end by adam sandler  who also served as executive producer of this .   br    br   anyway  i chuckled twice mange playing with his squeaky toys in the police car  and the scene schneider has with haskell and the orangutan  the orangutan has more acting talent  so  for two chuckles      .  
i hated this movie so much i remember it vividly . it is not even funny . any movie that relies on unfunny sex jokes and racism humor does not deserve the money it costs to make it . in the first half hour  rob schneider drinks a carton of rancid milk . all i could think was  he deserves it  for making such a bad movie  . don  t waste your time or money on this one .  
i didn  t really like this movie that much at all . it wasn  t really funny and in some cases it was just downright stupid . rob schneider is definitely one enormously talented individual and while his acting was fine in this  it just seemed like a real waste for him to star in . i mean there were some parts that were okay and somewhat humorous in a cute kind of way but that  s about it . the only thing that actually caught my attention during this whole ordeal of over the top jokes was that there were some very good looking females present and i  m not one to watch a movie solely because of that but in this case it was the only nook where even the slightest case of redemption could be found . all in all it was a couple notches below an average movie   br    br   final query  br    br   theaters so glad i didn  t squander too much money on this .  br    br   dvd purchase ummm  let me think . . . . no   br    br   rental if you have a prehistoric sense of humor then why not .  
marvin  rob schneider  does not have the ingredients to be a cop which is his lifelong dream . but his luck changes when he has a car crush  a very bad one  and is found by a doctor . the doctor has to use animal organs to rebuild him . after this moment  he starts to have wild behaviours unconsciously and becomes a best cop one could ever be . by the time  he realises the changes and his animal instincts starts to take over his human side . in the mean time  he finds a lovely girl and try to be a perfect gentleman that means he has to control himself and behave civilised . i am not a big fun of rob schneider . in fact  this is the his first film i have seen . however  i can easily say that he is the best person to play the loser .  see his part in ally mcbeal  quite funny actually  . there are some good parts in the movie such as his flirting with the goat . in such movies  the biggest problem is that the script is seems to make the viewer feel less intelligent . i am sure this movie is okay to watch as long as it is not taken too seriously . but very sad to see such films doing very good in the box office . the animal is not the worst film i have seen to date but fails to get more than  .  
ain  t it hilarious when an average schmo leading a pathetic life suddenly has something outrageously magical happen to him  turning his life upside down and causing him to learn a few valuable lessons along the way  that formula never gets old  does it  it  s such a sure fire way to make a classic film  just look at major hits like liar liar and big  . . . this must have been rob schneider  s line of thinking when he made semi  successful deuce bigalow male gigolo and followed it with the animal . since i  ve already traced the plot through sarcasm  allow me to color it in more schneider plays a loser cop who  s suddenly involved in a tragic accident but is saved through surgery . . . by a loopy veterinarian who loads him up with animal parts  causing him to whinny like a horse at inappropriate times  run like a cheetah  etc . this movie is slightly more likable than other schneider  starring flicks  such as another lame same  plot follow  up the hot chick   but it almost feels like they want audiences to hate it by casting a reality tv star as the romantic lead  colleen haskell from  survivor   and inserting a cameo by norm macdonald . my favorite scene . . . just does not exist . sorry  nothing memorably good except the production value . i just want to end this review by saying that slight references to other movies in a movie can be okay  but when it comes to lines being delivered the exact same way   you can do it     there  s a word for that   milking .  actually  here  s another word   cheap .   
i believe that war films should try to convey the terror of war  avoid idealism and respect some rudimentary military principles . zvezda barely does the first . zvezda being a russian war film  i was expecting patriotism  sentimentality  beautiful poetic pictures  a lush score  slavic cheekbones and cruel germans . what i didn  t need was the naive love non  affair  the unrealistically silly war scenes and the abuse of the syrupy soundtrack in a film which avoided carefully all historical or political references  stalinism  nazism  holocaust  only to end on a passing but nonetheless insulting to our sense of history endnote about  liberating poland  . a missed opportunity as a film but not as propaganda apparently .  
for domestic audiences i can see how they would applaud this movie . for outsiders  with no vested interests  it did not make much sense . the germans were portrayed as incompetents and the russians as heroes . the supposedly romantic angle was superfluous and a distraction . how a young woman could  love  the lieutenant from just glimpsing him was nonsense . how she could  as mentioned at the end of the movie  never marry just because of this infatuation was beyond me . i mentioned the germans were portrayed as idiots and that was exemplified in the chase into the marsh . several hundred german troops advanced  pushing the russians into the marsh . so the russians hid and the germans stopped at the edge of the marsh and just stood there listening . i suppose they did not want to get their boots wet  but i am sure an officer would have ordered   or   men into the water to search the marsh . but that would have ended the story . also  the germans entered the barn where the russians were hiding in the loft and did not bother to fire into the roof . at the worst some soldier would have tossed a grenade into the loft and not climbed a ladder to peer in .  br    br   i did see some reviewers who said they cried at the end . i wonder why  you knew this small band would perish and they was nothing heart  tugging in that .  
i  m a fan of columbo  especially on a rainy saturday  and it was fun to see oskar werner after fahrenheit     but this episode was very lacking . the original plot and plot twists were obvious and could be guessed way in advance  even years before the modern detective shows of today . but it was amusing to see the crazy couch patterns and  modern  electronics equipment and  of course  the mandatory suburbanite humor poking fun at modern art for sale . the high  tech home is a jetson  s or disney version of tomorrowland  and fun to think of writers inventing those  way  out gizmos  .  br    br   if its sunny outside  go play  as there are much better columbo episodes . still  we should be thankful for cable tv that these episodes are being broadcast .  
manmohan desai made some entertaining though illogical films like aaa  parvarish and naseeb but he made some craps like coolie and mard and then gjs  br    br   this movie is one of the worst movies ever made by him the dial became famous mard ko dard nahin hota but the film is so bad you cringe  br    br   the british are made carricatures and the film looks so weird the scene in the british hotel is damn stupid  br    br   the film has many stupidities like amrita assaulting amitabh and then the entire scene plus towards the climax the film becomes even worse there are more gems like the horse statue getting life  the masks of amitabh haha and more  br    br   direction by manmohan desai is bad music is okay  br    br   amitabh does his part with style  nothing different from coolie  laawaris type roles amrita singh is okay satyen kapuu is okay prem chopra is as usual  nirupa roy is again her usual self dara singh is also as usual  
bollywood fans pretty much hold amitabh bachan  s mard in high regard but i think it is very overrated . manmohan desai collaborated before on movies like suhaag  parvarish  amar akbar anthony  naseeb  desh premee and coolie and i have seen all of them i liked so i had very high expectations before i watched mard and was bitterly disappointed . my main gripe about mard is that it feels like amar akbar anthony part   maybe mr desai ran out of ideas  after all he had been using that formula for years and years .  . first of all some members of the cast is repeated from aaa  for instance the police inspector who brings up amar  the muslim who brings up akbar  nirupa roy and a few more .  . in aaa nirupa roy loses her eyesight  in mard she loses her voice  . in aaa there is the famous song  shirdi wale sai baba  well in mard we have amitabh singing maa sherawali . having seen aaa for over     times i noticed that straight away .  br    br   my other gripes are that some of the situations just seem ridiculous  true manmohan desai made leave your brain at the door kind of movies but with mard i thought he went too far . my last gripe is that compared to songs in previous manmohan desai movies i found the songs rather disappointing . i know it has many fans that swear by it but i didn  t like it one bit . it actually pains me to write this review because i am such a huge fan and have loved his movies since i was a child .  
dreary . schlocky . just plain dreadful and awful . let  s be honest  when you sit down to watch something called the double  d avenger you aren  t expecting great art or even mild mainstream entertainment . you are probably expecting a cult film type and maybe get some good looks at some impressive busts . you don  t get really either of these in the video . the story  as it consistent with most of these types  is inane kitten natividad runs a local pub  finds out she has breast cancer  flies down to south america for a fruit that claims to be a panacea for any ills and a super  human abilities giver  returns and fights  dressed as the double  d avenger  a group from a local strip club wanting to edge out the competition . as stories go  i have seen a lot worse  but as another reviewer noted the execution is horrendous . the action sequences lack zip  drive  motivation  and are tissue thin . the acting isn  t even properly campy and the dialog is the pits . nothing  and i mean nothing is funny from the wincing puns to the heavy  handed boob references . all could be forgiven if the girls could make up for it  but they all fall way short . kitten  haji  and raven de la croix are all quite older  still lovely in their own ways  yet expose nothing and become the antithesis of what they are trying to be older  campy caricatures of their former selves . instead  they look so lame and desperate  more because of the vehicle they are  starring  in rather than their own abilities . there are some other lovely ladies  but you really do not see much of anything . pg    definitely could be an appropriate rating for this . the material  the actresses  and director are all tired  tiresome  and dated  and again  not funny  it was a brutal hour plus sitting through this  and that is a shame as i was expecting something campy and fun . the guy playing bubba by the way was the only real laugh for me . not that he was good at all mind you  but every time he opened his mouth i kept thinking how truly awful he was . the lone bright spot here at all is seeing mr . sci  fi himself  forrest j . ackerman  play the curator of a wax museum and chatting to his wax frankenstein affectionately called frankie . other than that this is a complete bust  now how is that for another tired  dreadful  trite pun   
this must have been one of the worst movies i have ever seen .  br    br   i have to disagree with another commenter  who said the special effects were okay . i found them pretty bad it just wasn  t realistic and they were so fake that it just distracted from the actual story .  br    br   maybe that distraction is the reason that i did not fully understand the story . the archaeologists are looking for  the set  . they do not bother to tell what set  or what is so special about it . that also makes it unclear why they search for it in california  while the intro of the movie takes place in ancient egypt .  br    br   if you  re shooting a movie that takes place in the desert  take the effort to actually go to the desert . the beginning  the ancient ceremony  looks like it was shot inside a studio instead of a desert .  br    br   the action  level was constant throughout the movie  no ups and downs  no climax . it made the movie look short  and that  s certainly a pro for this particular movie .  
i make a point out of watching bad movies frequently  and the sci  fi channel original movies tend to be one of the best sources for these movies you can find . as such  i  m sure you can imagine my disappointment when i saw sands of oblivion . the acting was uncharacteristically sub  par  as opposed to the woefully disgraceful display sci  fi usually has in store for us . there are a few cameos made by people you  d most likely recognize  although you may not know their names by heart . the cgi special effects are minimal  and as such  one of the largest sources of comedy in a sci  fi feature is lacking . sure  there are some funny moments like when a guy gets beheaded by a bulldozer  or when the main character leaves his friend to die in order to save a girl he  s known for a couple of days  but overall  it ends up just not having you rolling on the floor with laughter  and i consider that a major disappointment .  br    br   if i was rating it on a   star scale made specifically to judge made  for tv movies  i  d probably give it a   maybe even a  . a real shame that i may have to wait  till the next sci  fi original movie to get a good laugh  and i really hope that this movie isn  t part of some overall quality increase in sci  fi original movies .  
worse than the rating it has been given . this is a typical scifi movie nowadays bad to awful acting  a script that is poorly written  and shoddy direction . from the opening scene where demille is burying his set to the end  this movie is terrible . in the beginning scenes this movie has moses  which was charlton heston in the demille film   pharoah  yul brynner  and nefretiri  anne baxtor  overlooking a boy burying a box in the sand . the characters that were to represent the three aforementioned icons were awful and had to resemblance to the people they were to  supposedly  be . the fact that this is in the desert away from civilization is hilarious when someone is hurt and they are all yelling for an ambulance . the screenwriter obviously is oblivious to the fact that there are no ambulances in the middle of the desert . i was sorely disappointed that morena baccarin decided to do a film of such low quality .  
tv movie about an ancient egyptian curse brought to the us in the    s during the filming of demille  s first version of the   commandments and which is reawakened when demille  s sets are unearthed in the desert .  br    br   one of the worst films i  ve seen in a long time .  br    br   the question is were the filmmakers serious or kidding when they made this film  if this is serious its a laughably bad movie and a great film to pick on for its badness . if its a comedy its less good but funny for all of the wrong reasons . you will laugh long and hard at this film  probably more than many other hollywood  comedies  .  
watching the first   minutes of sands of oblivion gave me high hopes . it seemed i was in for a cheaper version of the mummy . the setup was promising  in the      s cecil b . demille makes his opus of the ten commandments . it seems in using real egyptian artifacts for the movie set they unleashed an ancient and terrible evil  don  t they always   . aware of what had been unleashed demille orders the entire set buried instead of the usual practice of tearing it down . hopefully the evil will be buried with it for all time . then we switch to present day where a team is attempting to excavate the site  the movie  s first mistake  but hey those period costumes are expensive and this is a sci  fi channel movie  . the first sightings we get of the anubis monster are well done and it  s a costume that they put some effort into and not the usual cheesy cg effect . then the body counts starts . this is were the movie went south for me . the reactions to the fact that people are dying in gruesome and strange ways gets a strangely subdued reaction . once they realize that the ancient evil has again been unleashed and is on a killing spree what do the stock issue leading man and lady do  they make the usual stop to the  guy who knows the truth but never told anyone  . after getting that vital information do they share it with the comrades at the dig site  no  they stop off at a hotel for a refreshing shower and some pleasant small talk . really i  m not the most motivated person but if i knew a demon from ancient egypt was on the loose and killing everyone in sight and would be coming after me i  d put a little hustle in my step to solve the problem . after this overlong and pointless middle section they get around to destroying the anubis monster in the usual way  by racing around in dune buggies and shooting it with a rocket launcher while it  s standing by a pile of phosphorous grenades . for a sci  fi movie it was above the usual crap they put out  which isn  t saying much at all . what disappoints me is this could have been a lot more if someone had wrote a decent script for it .  
i  m at this very moment debating whether i should even finish watching this  poppycock  of a movie . they had a pretty interesting idea  with the buried movie set  and that was it . so far this incomprehensible mess has no real story . there is the buried set  some wolf headed monster running amok  an amulet  and a bunch of bad actors attacked by the wolf masked whatever it is . what i would have missed  had i had the good sense to eject this nonsense is a dune buggy chase  some really bad c . g . i .  some incredibly stupid dialog  more bad c . g . i .  and the hero fighting paper cut outs . other than the original idea  this film has absolutely zero redeeming qualities . my mistake for continuing to watch .  merk  
while the idea is more original than most sci  fi movies  the execution is  as usual lacking . while the practical mummy effects are not bad  and the  gun nut  character is over the top giggle inducing  the only real draw is to see morena baccarin and adam baldwin reunited on the small screen . i suspect that was the idea all along . they do the best they can with what they have but the  must see  moments for me were in the first   minutes or so when morena  s character sported some tomb raider style shorts . not high brow cinema i know but you can  t deny true beauty when you see it    and adam baldwin once again hams it up as the guy you love to hate . if you just want to watch a couple of your favorite firefly characters have a good time with some sub par material then this might be for you . if you want good acting and character development then be advised to look elsewhere .  
reviews for this film were lukewarm at best while expectations were sky high a big budget  tons of popular faces  a rather funny idea and a main actress everyone loves . the end result is a disaster . alice tremblay  s supposedly humorous journey in fantasy world fails in every way to entertain it  s audience  i didn  t hear a single laugh throughout the entire presentation   going through it  s page  thin story line and one  dimensional characters without a single spark  not a sign of the magic it wished it had . the   minutes of film here are sterile with clumsy direction and some good actors doing their best to come of as professionals in a feature that certainly couldn  t seem that great an idea on the set  let alone on paper .  l  odysse d  alice tremblay  is a collage of comic sketches  linked together with a  very  thin layer of good ideas . avoid or boredom will haunt you .  
just saw this movie  and what a waste of time . the movie was predictable and slow . it  s basically the mormon bad news bears that play church sanctioned basketball . rather than watching this movie  i should have had a root canal . the cameo performances were obviously driven by sponsorship  funding . this movie had potential due to the outrageous behavior that is exhibited by mormons when they play church sanctioned basketball  however because it  s rated pg  the true nature of the spectacle could not be transfered to film . the acting is horrible with the exception of clint howard and fred willard . thurl bailey  s appearance in the film was completely unnecessary .  
this movie was the beatliest mormon movie made yet . it made the rm  sons of provo look like well done films  it was supposed to be funny from what i was told . the best part was the best actor in the movie  travis eberhard  if he wasn  t in the movie it probably wouldn  t have been made  he ruled   br    br     . it wasn  t funny  . it was beat  . it had thurl big t bailey  who  s character made no sense  . it was made in provo  . it didn  t make fun of brokeback  . it had larry h . miller in it  . it was the  st movie clint howard wasn  t funny in  . gary coleman chose the perfect movie  a comeback  . they should have cast at surreal life auditions  . it was made by halestorm entertainment    
well  i suppose the good news concerning william winckler  s     opus   the double  d avenger   is that it manages to unite three of russ meyer  s mammarian marvels   kitten natividad  haji and raven de la croix   in one picture .  i can only assume that lorna maitland  tura satana and babette bardot were busy the week they shot this thing . . . or else managed to see a copy of the script in advance   the bad news  though  and there  s plenty of it   is that this film   if it can even be called that  having been shot straight to video   is a complete misfire  a total abortion  an out  and  out atrocity  an absolute abomination  and truly one of the worst pictures that i have ever seen . look no further for the lamest superhero movie ever made  the plot here  such as it is  deals with kitten gaining superpowers after fellating the rare cockazilla plant in south america to cure her breast cancer  oy   and later battling a trio of megalunged bikini dancers back in l . a . too bad that every lame boob joke trotted out falls completely  you should pardon the expression  flat  that there is zero actual nudity in the film at all  other than some old photos of kitten in her heyday   and that some shaving cream and a papier  mache boulder are the sum total of the special fx . the meyer gals here are a bit long in the tooth  saggy in the chest  to put it kindly  although sheri dawn thomas  as bikini girl ooga boobies     does manage to  uh  stand out nicely . so why have i given this juvenile  unfunny  failed embarrassment of a movie  stars instead of   to be succinct joe bob briggs . his voice  over commentary in the special features of the dvd i just watched is absolutely hilarious  especially when he pulls out around    synonyms for the word  breast  from the       on his web site  s  canonical hooters list .  the man is a national treasure  and he manages to upgrade this skeet of a disc to coaster status   
this movie is a total dog . i found myself straining to find anything to laugh at just so i wouldn  t feel like i  d totally wasted my money   and my time . the writing in this film is absolutely terrible . it  s a shame it  s not up to the standards of other hale storm movies .  br    br   they should have saved the money on getting d  list actors like fred willard and gary coleman and spent the money working the script until it was right . even gary coleman wasn  t properly utilized for his role .  br    br   this movie leaves you wondering what the point of most of the plot was   including the subplots . after viewing this movie  i  m left with the impression that the producers were hoping to capture some kind of napolean dynamite  like humor  where it  s not so much the lines as the character and the delivery . unfortunately  this movie fails to deliver the lines  the characters  the delivery or the humor . i should have gone to the dentist instead   
i went to see this film with fairly low expectations  figuring it would be a nice piece of fluff . sadly  it wasn  t even that . i could barely sit through the film without wanting to walk out . i went with my two kids  ages   and    and even they kept asking   how much longer   after lasting until the end  i just kept wondering who would approve this script . even the reliable fred willard couldn  t save the trite dialogue  the state jokes  and the banal plot . i  d suggest that whoever wrote and directed this movie  i use the term loosely  should take an online screen writing class or drop by their local community college for a film class . at the least  there are many books on directing  screen writing  and producing movies that would teach them something about structure  plot  dialogue and pacing .  
the really sad thing is that this was supposedly the highest budget  halestorm entertainment  has had to work with . all involved should be fined for littering since all the celluloid they wasted is good for nothing more than filling the trash . not only is the writing atrocious and the jokes awful  but the camera work and film quality are amateur at best . the soundtrack sounds like it was created on some guys laptop pc . the worst part of all is that i actually sat through the whole thing . i think just because i couldn  t believe that i had actually paid to buy a ticket and that the theater i was watching it in had actually agreed to show the  film  .  
trot out every stereotype and misrepresentation you  ve heard about semi  devout mormons  and you  ll see they  ve all starred in this ridiculous excuse for a film . finally kurt hale  s fortunes have changed  thank goodness  and hopefully it will be a long while before we see any of his features in theaters .  br    br   the cinematography was amateurish  i think they used a camcorder for some of the basketball scenes  . the plot was limp and very unfunny . you really didn  t understand why anyone did anything . it was like i had sand in my eyes  and a     pound lady was sitting on my face  it was that painful .  br    br   the only reason i didn  t give this movie a negative rating was because the scale won  t let me .  
first of all  let me say the i am lds or rather  i am a mormon . so when i watched this film  i automatically gave it the benefit of the doubt . i can usually find something redeeming in every movie i watch . and this one was no exception . it does have its redeeming moments . but they are few and far between .  br    br   one of the first things i noticed that bothered me very greatly was that it seemed as though halestorm was ashamed of our church  in the lds church  congregations are called  wards  and the basketball court is in the  cultural hall  . never once are either of these two names mentioned . the church is never referred to by name and  the standards  is as far as it goes in mentioning what our church believes .  br    br   it makes me wonder if the directors are really lds or lds wannabes  this film had so much potential  it could have really shown our church in a positive light and helped the public to see not only what we have to offer  but also what we believe . instead it was only mildly entertaining and left much to be desired . if i were not already lds  i  d be left thinking mormons are stupid  idiotic and ashamed of their beliefs .  br    br   it is not a film i will recommend to my nonlds friends .  br    br   sorry halestorm . you can do better than this   
i  ve never been a huge fan of mormon films . being a mormon  i  ve always felt that the humor was too exclusive to the lds community and made us seem like a bunch of obsessive wackos . i was hoping this would be the breath of fresh air  the halestorm movie i could finally discuss with my non  mormon friends .  br    br   boy  was i wrong .  br    br   i figured  since this had b  list talent like clint howard  gary coleman  andrew wilson  and fred willard  one of my favorites   this would have to be at least a little funny . and besides  church basketball is ripe with potential for plenty of hilarious gags and such . but i must say  throughout the entire movie  it seemed as though no one knew what they were doing . every joke fell flat  and every opportunity for a genuinely funny gag went ignored . the dialogue was bland  and the film had some of the worst character development i have ever seen . every single character but wilson  s was less than one  dimensional . it  s hard to believe that after nine re  writes the film was still as mind  numbingly stale as the train wreck i witnessed . i can  t put into words the rage i felt sitting through this . my friends and i were extras in the final game scene  so we went to the premiere in washington city  ut . kurt hale  the director  was there  and i must say  i avoided all contact with him after the show . he waited at the door  seemingly ready for feedback . i couldn  t bring myself to tell him that his film not only ripped away a good hour and a half of my life  but it left a nasty  painful scar that i will never forget .  br    br   here are a few specific problems i had there was a minor love story subplot between the janitor and the chubby piano player  but these two characters came out of nowhere  and were impossible to care about  so my friends and i were left constantly wondering why we were supposed to care about these two lame  uninteresting characters . there were many subplots that popped up every now and then  each promising the audience the chance for laughs  but each one came and went in a puff of smoke  ending before you could even start caring . this was pretty much how the whole movie felt .  br    br   this film was a major letdown  and i feel bad for everyone who  s expecting the first real funny mormon movie . true  the jokes in this one aren  t too exclusive to mormons . then again  it  s hard to tell what was a joke and what was a loud ringing sensation in my ears .  br    br   please  do not see this movie . keep in your mind the fantasy that this movie is hilarious . spare yourself the disappointment i went through  
i wanted to like this film  i really did . it  s got some good actors but ultimately it falls flat . it tries too hard to be funny in some places  the daughters over zealous cooking attempts   over reaches in others  the scene where they clean up someone  s yard  so he agrees to join the team  and has some scenes that  while mildly interesting  are really just filler  all the work scene  s  . and i didn  t find the  villians  intimidating  or worth hating  so much as i found them to be childishly annoying .  br    br   i  ve met people like those in the film while playing church ball . and i will say the referee  s are spot on  still  in the end  i really didn  t care all that much about the characters  or their quest for church ball glory . maybe because they were all so one dimensional  which i might not have minded so much if the film were funnier or seemed to flow a little more smoothly overall .  br    br   kurt hale  and halestorm entertainment  has made some good films  but this is not one of them .  
every once in a long while a movie will come along that will be so awful that i feel compelled to warn people . if i labor all my days and i can save but one soul from watching this movie  how great will be my joy .  br    br   where to begin my discussion of pain . for starters  there was a musical montage every five minutes . there was no character development . every character was a stereotype . we had swearing guy  fat guy who eats donuts  goofy foreign guy  etc . the script felt as if it were being written as the movie was being shot . the production value was so incredibly low that it felt like i was watching a junior high video presentation . have the directors  producers  etc . ever even seen a movie before  halestorm is getting worse and worse with every new entry . the concept for this movie sounded so funny . how could you go wrong with gary coleman and a handful of somewhat legitimate actors . but trust me when i say this  things went wrong  very wrong .  
i was not expecting much going in to this  but still came away disappointed . this was my least favorite halestorm production i have seen . i thought it was supposed to be a comedy  but i only snickered at  or  jokes . is it really a funny gag to see a fat guy eating donuts and falling down over and over  what was up with the janitor in heaven scene  fred willard has been hilarious with some of his christopher guest collaborations  but this did not work . they must have spent all the budget on getting  known  actors to appear in this because there was no lighting budget . it looked like it was filmed with a video camera and most scenes were very dark . does it really take that much film to show someone actually shoot and make a basket  as opposed to cutting away and editing a ball swishing through a basket  i try not to be too critical of low budget comedies  but if you want to see something funny go to a real church basketball game instead of this movie .  
this movie has some of the worst acting that i have ever seen  some scenes are original such as the nails coming through the floor . this nail trap catches these bad guys . the rest of the movie degrades as you go . i can  t believe that this movie is not even in the bottom    movies of all time . i also can  t believe that there are sequels  the next crap movie that i want to watch is r . o . t . o . r . could r . o . t . o . r really be much worse than this   br    br    
kitten natividad  of russ meyer film fame  plays chastity knott  a woman who has found she has breast cancer  so she goes to south america to get some special fruit  crockazilla   that is supposed to have healing powers . after going down on some of this fruit  which appears to be plastic bananas on stalks  chastity is endowed with some mystical magical powers that makes her a super  hero  specifically  the double d avenger . note that she  s also wearing a pair of panties as a mask . in writing  that all sounds pretty good . in execution  well  it leaves more than a little to be desired . it seems that chastity owns a pub and a local strip joint is upset because she  s taking away their business so some of the strippers  including haji  also of russ meyer film fame  go after her to ruin her . of course  chastity fights back in the guise of the double d avenger . watch her do a  wonder woman  type spin to change into her outfit and also lose her balance due to excessive centrifugal force . bad jokes and lame double entendres fly like there was no tomorrow . with the inane theme song playing over and over this comes off like a twisted    s  live action  kid  s show with adult content  although while this is unrated it could probably get away with pg    at the worst . and it  s probably a blessing that the faded stars kept well covered . this makes doris wishman  s chesty morgan films look positively wonderful in comparison . special appearance by forest j . ackerman but so what . very stupid  and i  m never buying another film with joe bob briggs on the cover .  out of   .  
first  let  s all agree that lorenzo lamas could never be considered a skilled actor  barely even decent  sometimes just plain lousy . however  in this piece of    called snakeeater  the film industry as a whole sank .  br    br   first  let  s start with the plot . a vietnam vet named jack kelly  aka soldier  who is supposed to be as tough as a strap of leather and then some  which you can believe when he shoves a palate of nails through  guys  feet and pins them to the floor   gets word that his family has been killed and his sister kidnapped . therefore he goes on a solo mission to save his sister . had some potential  but still pretty thin to begin with .  br    br   now  the acting . being an actor myself  i am qualified to say that this was some of the worst acting in the history of the art      lamas is  well  himself . the jackasses playing the clampets  deliverance rejects should be strung up and shot for their so  called performances which are insulting to actors everywhere  especially talented ones who never get their big break   br    br   finally  the action . the gunfighting is so  so at best  and the fist  fighting is deplorable . i  ve seen more real  looking fights at the renaissance festival  and those were pretty fake  looking    br    br   readers  listen to me avoid this piece of caca at all costs  if it were the only film in existence  you still would want to avoid it  for the sake of your brain  cell count  do not watch this thing   
wow what can i say . i like shity movies and i go out of my way to watch a corny action flick  but snake eater i would have rather had a nail driven into my pee hole while my grandma gave me a lap dance . lorenzo lamas  pfft more like lorenzo lameass this guy has as much acting ability as bill clinton has self control . it has all the goods to make a really bad movie even worse . crazed hillbilles yep  needless tit shot  with a real weird scar  yep  crappy soundtrack yep  i wish i could give the movie    stars but  is as low as it goes . seriously i think someone was playing a joke on me when i saw this it cant be real . . . . . . the worse thing there is  more snake eater movies  . . . . . . guess its in demand .  
lorenzo lamas stars as jack solider kelly an ex  vietnam vet and a renegade cop who goes on a search and destroy mission to save his sister from backwoods rednecks . atrocious movie is so cheaply made and so bad that ron palillo is third billed  and yet has  minutes of screen time  and even those aren  t any good . overall a terrible movie  but the scenes with lorenzo lamas and josie bell hanging from a tree bagged and gagged are worth a few  unintentional  laughs . followed by an improved sequel .  
this is a really bad film  with bad acting and a very boring pace lorenzo lamas is really cool though  . all the characters are just annoying  except lamas   and there is absolutely no one to root or to care for   plus the action is very boring . the film gives us  villains who were supposed to find menacing and disturbing when in fact there boring  laughable and just a bunch of morons that i wanted to shut up   plus it looks very cheap and amateurish  . lorenzo lamas has a lot of charisma but he can  t save this piece of crap  and believe it or not the opening was really cool  as was the ending  however the middle is incredibly boring  and got me to have the urge to press the fast forward button   plus the dialog is especially laughable  . there is a cool bar scene that i really liked  but once lamas heads to the dock it all falls apart  plus the scene where the villains torture jennifer  s family  and kills them were supposed to find it disturbing when it in fact is laughable  . this is a really bad film  with bad acting and a very boring pace  lorenzo lamas is really cool though   however it is not enough  not recommended . the direction is very bad . george erschbamer does a very bad job here  with mediocre camera work  bland location  and keeping the film at a boring pace . the acting is pretty bad  except for lamas  . lorenzo lamas is awesome here  and while he isn  t required to act  he is quite fun to watch  and has a really cool character  and had a lot of charisma  however even he can  t save this one  and he had no chemistry with the cast either   lamas rules   . josie bell is terrible here  and while she  s decent looking  she isn  t very convincing and had no chemistry with lamas . cheryl jeans is hot  but does not have much to do but scream and scared  she did okay at that . robert scott is incredibly annoying as the main villain  and wasn  t menacing at all  he was laughable as were the other  . rest of the cast are bad . overall avoid  avoid   even if you do like lamas  like me  .  out of   
now  i  ve seen a lot of bad movies . i like bad movies . especially bad action movies . i  ve seen  and enjoyed  all of jean  claude van damme  s movies  including the one where he  s his own clone  both of the ones where he plays twins  and all three where he  s a cyborg . i actually own the one where he plays a fashion designer and has a fight in a truck full of durians .  hey  if nothing else  he  s got a great ass and you almost always get to see it . with dvd  you can even pause and zoom in   that  s why you can trust me when i say that this movie is so bad  it makes plan  look like citizen kane .  br    br   everything about snake eater is bad . the plot is bad . the script is bad . the sets are bad . the fights are bad . the stunts are bad . the fx are bad . the acting is spectacularly  earth  time  bendingly bad  very probably showcasing the worst performance of every so  called actor in the cast  including lorenzo lamas  and that  s really saying something . and i  d be willing to bet everyone involved with this movie is lousy in bed  to boot . especially lorenzo lamas .  br    br   it does manage to be unintentionally funny  so it  s not a total loss . however  i recommend that you watch this movie only if you are either a congenital idiot or very  very stoned . i was able to sit through it myself because i needed to watch something to distract me from rinsing cat urine out of my laundry .  br    br   it didn  t help much  but it was better than nothing . one point for ron palillo  s cameo as a gay arsonist .  
words can  t simply describe how awful this film is . i watched it on video last night  and i simply could not believe what i was seeing . basically   snakeeater  is about an ex  military man  lorenzo lamas  and his search for his kidnapped sister who has been held captive by deliverance  style rednecks . the film  s acting  writing  direction  photography  and editing are deplorable along with a song called  soldier  that has to be one of the worst theme songs of all time   br    br   however  there is one treat .  horshack   ron pallio  from  welcome back carter  is in the film playing a laughable bad guy . otherwise  please avoid this mess at all costs .  
  that  malcom  show on fox is really making a killing . . . can  t we do our own version   i speculate and paraphrase  of course  but in our hearts we all know it  s true  and that the only thing nbc added to the  malcom  metric was sex . and  boy  did they add sex . . .  br    br   thirteen  year  old tucker gets a boner and covers it up with his skateboard . tucker accidentally walks in on his aunt in the shower and she accuses him of watching her and beating off . he spies on the cute girl in the next house from his bedroom window  and she knows he wants to see her topless but she teases him by smiling and closing the window . and this is all in the pilot .  br    br   take it from a grown man  a boy  s puberty is so sex  crazy and testicle  driven it is impossible to make it funny for a mainstream audience . the only times anyone has ever come close has been in movies  and you can count those on one hand . so it  s no surprise that  tucker  has the warmth and appeal of a strip  club bathroom . did the network actually think we would like watching kids grapple with puberty  isn  t this the stuff people go to jail for  if you doubt the show  s depravity consider this   episodes were filmed but nbc canceled it after only  episodes aired they then made the unprecedented move of  burning off  the remaining episodes by airing them at midnight so no children could see them . ironic since kids were originally the target audience .  br    br   apart from its general scuzziness tucker features a running voice  over from the lead character to flesh out the shoddy writing . even in     it was horribly dated  with it  s ska incidental music and super  sarcasm . i couldn  t like any of the characters enough to laugh at the jokes and the jokes didn  t exactly come a mile  a  minute . . . shame on nbc for this dirty rip  off . . . they  re better than that .  br    br   grade c   
first of all  i became dissy after watching this movie for five minutes  cause of the bas screenplay  . i don  t think this movie has any purpose . it  s boring from the first minute to the last . i don  t understand why this movie scores so high . i gave it     but actually it  s not more wurth then     .  
what were they thinking at  cannes   one of the most irritating  films of all time . every detail of this film  no matter how meaningless was shown . if i had to watch her put on those boots one more time i think i would have shouted . if the point of this film was to show how pathetic a life rosetta had  then it was covered within the first fifteen minutes of the movie and then the credits should have been running . but no  we had to see countless redundant scenes over and over . the whole thing was filled with un  likeable and unsympathetic characters . they deserved the misery that was rosetta . and to think i passed up  tumbleweeds  to see this over  hyped film of boredom . it was like watching grass grow  only that is more exciting .  
i go to the cinema to be entertained . there is absolutely nothing entertaining about this film . from beginning to end  there is no respite from the gray  grinding reality of this woman  s life . it is one  paced  with no change of mood . i remained until the end only because i was convinced that things must get better . they don  t  and i don  t think i was the only one  as evidenced by the many groans ringing around the cinema as the film drew mercifully to a close . honestly depicting social depravation is no crime  but boring your audience to groans is not the way to win the sympathy of the public . a dreadful film .  
hard to describe this one   if you were a fan of russ meyer films back in the day  you will surely be pleased to see that haji is still looking really hot  though forry ackerman has not fared so well  what is he doing still making these movies anyway  if i go up to him with a camera will he be in my movie   . it was a pretty fun premise   a superhero whose giant mammaries are her secret weapon   but sometimes it did not pan out for the whole length  and the jokes were on a level with your average joe e . brown comedy  or  abbott and costello if that  s your thing    basically just bad puns . still  i found this movie fascinating to watch  and for more than  reasons . good job  but still a fundamentally flimsy production .  
if i had known this movie was filmed in the exasperating and quease  inducing dogme   style  i would never have rented it . nevertheless  i took a dramamine for the seasickness and gave it a shot . i lasted a very  very  very long forty minutes before giving up . it  s just boring  pretentious twaddle .  br    br   the last french movie i saw was  romance  and it too was pretty dismal  but at least the camera was steady and not breathing down the necks of the characters all the time . i am baffled at the continuing popularity of dogme   overseas   it  ll catch on in america about the same time as the next big outbreak of leprosy .  it  s called dogme   because that  s the average number of times the actors are poked in the eye by the camera .   br    br    
i have no idea what idiots gave this movie a palm d  or at the     cannes film festival because it was atrocious  i actually watched the entire thing simply because i couldn  t believe that someone would make such a worthless film . there is nothing interesting about the plot  the characters are devoid of depth and there is no attempt at giving any sort of ambiance with music or sound effects . also  if you do decide to waste  hours of your life by watching this film  be sure to bring something to throw up in because the cinematography is simply someone running around with a hand  held camcorder and half the time you can  t even see the main subjects . this style has been used much more successfully in movies such as  blair witch  because it creates suspense . in rosetta  there is no plot and no suspense to which that style would lend anything . i should have known better when it came on at  o  clock in the morning that it was going to be horrible .  
i hate how this movie has absolutely no creative input . i know they  re going for realism  but to be frank i just don  t want realism . realism is boring . if i want to see daily life  i  ll uhm  live . tell me an interesting story and we  ll talk . i can deal with the low production values  hell i  m a sucker for low production values  but at least work in some good ideas . the direction only goes as far as grabbing a camcorder and walking around a bit  but obviously i  m supposed to dig that because it makes stuff so much more realistic . hitchcock used to say drama was essentially life with the dull bits cut out . i can only conclude this is not drama  not by a long shot . we get to see rosetta walking to someplace  rosetta working in a bakery  rosetta eating a waffle  rosetta carrying around bags of far  rosetta walking back home  rosetta walking someplace . . . it  s just not that entertaining . there isn  t really a deeper meaning either . i got so bored i started looking for some reflections on life in this movie but it  s just plain realism  the most overrated quality in the business . i guess i  m supposed to love this  but come on  there  s nothing in there .  
this rubbish excuse for television is the single most god  awful piece of trash ever to hit australian television . the house  mates are dull  uninteresting  ridiculously unintelligent and are picked on the basis that you would be likely to attempt to murder them if you had to live with them . as far as i am concerned big brother is the decline of western society  showing how us as a society are on a steep slope to becoming brain  dead morons . whatever happened to television that didn  t target the lowest common denominator of society as an audience  this cannot be classified as entertainment . i think that it true that channel ten can remove your soul . it happened to rove mcmanus who was once a respectable comedian and  once moving to channel    become horribly unfunny . with the exception of the simpsons which is highly intelligently made .  
if there was a  stars rating i would gladly hand it out to this absolutely horrid pile of waste . the fact that the actual summary is perfectly fine and that if it had been made different it could have been brilliant only makes it worse . the basic task of locking up a group of people in an experiment chamber is fine  but wheres the experiment  all i see is a bunch of unintelligent surfers and blondes chatting about music and culture i don  t know or want to know about . . . the challenges are pathetic and silly . the whole point of reality tv is to show reality . if you set a  challenge  don  t make them play with exaggerated props of food and stereotypical cultural elements in  friday night games  . make them do an actual challenge . and as for  earning  prize money  thats fine  if they actually earnt it  these people are nuts . if only they would make the show better  the actual idea would be glorious . but that ain  t gonna happen   
this is the story of two guys who found a copy of  funky monkey .  finding this seemed odd at the time figuring that there are still posters for the movie at the local cineplex odeon . after seeing such classics as  every which way but loose  and  project x   these two guys figured movies with monkeys are awesome .  br    br   these guys were in for a long ride as they watched this movie . there was some monkey that was replaced by a stunt man when action sequences were required . it was apparent that the monkey wasn  t trained in the school of shakespearean acting . perhaps replacing the monkey with ben affleck might have helped the guys thought .  br    br   maybe a strong sidekick would help like a jackie chan or heck maybe even hulk hogan . luckily this movie had amazing martial artist and jet li look  a  like matthew modine . while some might argue that matthew modine doesn  t come close to jet li  camera tricks prove that he is every bit as good . when it becomes obvious that an untrained chimp can  t handle the movie  the movie leans on matthew modine to be the real star .  br    br   did i mention that there is some dorky kid that develops a bond with modine and the monkey  is there a possibility that the kid learns confidence and even picks up a girl in this movie  even matthew modine should get jealous with this one  because using the pick  up line  i  m second fiddle to a monkey  doesn  t seem to work with the ladies .   br    br   shortly after watching this movie the two guys got a phone call from matthew modine telling them  seven days .   
i bought this movie from gamestop  s discount used movie bin and the cover caused me to laugh uncontrollably so i bought it for   cents . the movie itself is retarded and they use like ten different monkeys throughout the whole film that hardly look alike . not to mention they use a stunt double who is just a short guy in costume making a desperate attempt to impersonate a monkey .  br    br   the director more than likely committed a murder  suicide with the chimpanzees after the movie debuted in a preview for some other low rent warner bros . film and he ended up owing money to the studio . it also doesn  t help that he wasn  t even infamous for the terrible job he did  he wasn  t even known for producing a poop  chute film .  br    br   why was this movie ever made   
i am a student of film  and have been for several years . and the concept of a cyber  kung  fu  satirical chimpanzee had me wondering   is this the film that  s going to break the mold   let  s face it  america has never been let down by any piece of cinema that features a simian costar . after such great classics as  monkey trouble  and  dunston checks in   i thought that the best ideas were already taken . but then comes  funky monkey  . i laughed  i cried  i contemplated suicide .  br    br   now i  ve read about demon possession in the bible  but that still doesn  t explain why someone would create such a product of evil . first off  having at least a shred of intelligence  i realized that a chimpanzee was in fact an ape  not a monkey at all . however  i was sure that the filmmakers would clear this problem up further into the film . they didn  t . let me sum up this work of art a company by the name of z . i . t . has decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers . why  i think they mention something about the soldiers working for bananas  but when it would cost about an estimated   million dollars of government money to train one chimp  this doesn  t seem cost  effective . well anyways  z . i . t . brings in a cia specialist  matthew modine  to train clemens  the chimp  . clemens is everything z . i . t . hoped for . he can take out an entire shift of guards  who all appear to have gotten their training skills at the local mall  and yet still manage to remind us that we  re watching a kid  s movie . as you may have guessed  modine finds out that z . i . t .  s intentions may be evil  gasp   and decides to break clemens out . being a cia agent and all  modine knows that best way to make himself disappear is to go to a large city  rent a guest room  regularly make appearances on television while fighting crime  and using checks to pay for everything .  br    br   z . i . t . finds out where modine is staying  and sends two of their finest to retrieve him . these guards are possibly the greatest comedy team up since martin and lewis  or was it turner and hooch  it doesn  t matter anyways  because in the end  for a heck of a twist ending  the good guys win    yay  hooray for predictability  throw in a nerdy kid who learns to be himself  a lonely mom who needs a date  and music montages that feature songs that would even be blackballed by radio disney and you get  funky monkey  . the climax to the movie  a football game  played by thugs  bumblers  a chimp  and the nerd boy . no one seems to care about such substitutions at a high school football game .  br    br   funky monkey never lets up  it  s edge of your seat entertainment . some might even call this the  american beauty  of monkey  filled features . after finishing this epic  i recalled hearing a story about a railroad worker who lost much of his brain functions when a metal rod pierced his temporal lobe . funky monkey is a metal rod among movies .  
having watched this after receiving the dvd for christmas      i came here to pan it   but after reading the other comments  i haven  t the heart . clearly this is a film that has worked very well for children of a certain age . well  let me not be a complete grinch it might still work for some children   if they are not too media  saturated and have not become visually over  sophisticated  e . g . from watching all of lotr and harry potter . but if you are an adult  stay miles away you will not enjoy it .  br    br   the good bits barbara kellerman as the witch  especially in her early scenes with edmund  creates just the right blend of charismatic evil and restrained madness .  at the stone table she goes a bit over the top .  michael aldridge in the minor role of the professor and jeffrey s . perry as mr . tumnus also have the kind of polished  skillful acting we  d expect from the very best bbc dramas . and the aslan costume works very well  amazingly well considering . they got the eyes just right .  br    br   the bad bits almost everything else  but two areas in particular . one  the casting . england is crammed with good actors and contains tens of thousands of attractive british school kids . how could they possibly have ended up with these four stiffs  they move like wooden soldiers and speak about as well . peter has no gravitas or charisma  and is visibly shorter than his supposedly younger siblings   edmund is just whiny and lucy . . . sophie wilcox as lucy is so dramatically  visibly  drastically wrong for this part that i can  t imagine how she got the job .  br    br   two  the animal costumes . again  it appears that they worked for some kids . if the kids are still at a level where big bird and elmo are exciting  believable characters  they might be entranced by this film . but to a viewer with the sophistication of  say  a    year  old who  s seen prisoner of azkaban  when mister beaver comes out from behind that tree  there will be hoots of cruel  derisive laughter . the costumes just do not work   i could not  and i think any adult or modern teen could not  suspend disbelief when looking at mister beaver . the drawn animation later  gryphons  etc .  works better  is easier to take .  br    br   so ten stars for the very young and tender of soul everyone else read  or re  read the book and watch the far better film that unrolls in your imagination .  
i  m a fan of the series and have read all  books . i wanted to see this just to see how it was done . all i can say  is that the only people who should watch this are ones who have already read the series and are curious about it . its pretty bad  and will turn you off reading them . not to be mean  but lucy is so ugly it detracts from the movie . was she the directors daughter  seriously  i  m sure the beavers in the movie were jealous of her teeth . she had an overbite that would put any beaver to shame . the movie just loses so much in translation . cs books don  t translate as easily as the tolkein lotr books  or even harry potter .  br    br   one thing they did right  aslan  very well done . although the other human actors with painted faces  beavers  wolf  look silly  aslan was really well done since it was not just a human actor walking around .  i guess its like that old horse custume   people inside   also  i would be curious what kids think of this movie . maybe they would enjoy it  but as for adults  safe bet they wont  even if a cs fan .  
i watched this a few days ago  so details are getting hazy . the film is shot on hand  held cameras  and a lot was made of this at the time it was released originally  since we hadn  t had many studio pictures made in this way . i can  t help but feel this was more of a gimmick than anything  designed to make the audience think that what we are seeing on the screen hasn  t had all the compromises that come with a big budget  and so was more  real  . however what we have here isn  t much more than a not  as  good rip off of the first half of full metal jacket  so anyone who has seen that  or any one of the other rip offs there of  will know what to expect .  br    br   the main problem i had was the stereotyped characters  with the weedy soft kids out of their depth  close harmony singing  ebonics spouting black dudes  world weary sergeants  bitter and twisted psychos etc etc . . . all being put into the sorts of situations that would provide the most friction and tension at any given time . maybe this was intentional to highlight the stupidity and injustice of the situation  maybe it was laziness  or maybe it was just a committee trying to appeal to the biggest audience  all i know is it was annoying . one novel thing was the mixture of volunteers and draftees  where normally all the characters would have been forced into the situation   although only the scenes between the two main characters really make much play of it . this seems to be the main pivot of the plot  with the volunteers coming to their senses and the draftees gaining a sense of duty and self worth  but its all done in a rather forced and unsubtle way . the other big bug i had was how all the characters  with the exception of the psychos and the real softies  would react to each inevitable conflict with at first aggression and threats of violence  faced with farrell  s ubiquitous stoicism  immediately back down and be all reasonable and diplomatic .  br    br   i guess if i had to find a plus it would be the acting from the two leads  which was strong and very convincing  tho considering the formulaic nature of the characters  this wasn  t too hard .  br    br   in my imagination  bozz grew up to be zeke off tour of duty  and for my money   episodes of that would be more fun to watch .  
ouch  they don  t come much worse than this horrid adaptation of c . s . lewis  s beloved novel . while the adaptation is very true to the novel  the acting is simply awful and the sets and special effects are on a scale equivalent to a school play . i  ve read that the budget for this miniseries was the grandest that the bbc has ever given at the time  but surely they could have scraped together a bit more than the   that it looks like this was filmed for . the worst effect of all is mr . beaver . i know computer effects weren  t at the level necessary or even cost effective at the time  but the costume store man in a suit look was horrid . better to have just cut the character from the film than do that to the role  avoid this at all costs .  
though the movie may have been  true  to lewis  s book  in that the script was basically word  for  word  verbatim   it failed to capture any of the grandeur that would otherwise be associated with an epic story like this . the mythical creatures  unicorns  centaurs  griffins  ghouls  ghosts  are drawn in  and as in the previous review  the green  screen flying sequence was very hard to swallow . i nearly laughed to death when i saw the humanoid beavers with their giant stiff suits and buck teeth i nearly cried when i heard the wolf  s  howl    a man in a grey fuzzy suit basically shrieking as loudly and as girlishly as he possibly could .  br    br   all of the acting is tremendously forced  especially that of little lucy penvensie . . . i could only take so much indignation  desperation  and buck teeth in the  what felt like  fourteen hours of watching the movie . the actress who plays the white witch  in all her histrionics  seems that she  d be more at home on stage  where a booming voice  spread arms  and a valiant effort at something shakespearian would be more than welcome .  br    br   the sets feel claustrophobic  whether the scenes are taking place indoors or outdoors . indoors  it  s as if bbc could only afford to spend     on constructing a set  and so it is very small  and all the characters are constantly huddled together . the white witch  s castle is a run  down  rotting countryside english castle filled with styrofoam statues and bad lighting . when the penvensie children are wandering through the woods   actually  any scene in the woods   feels like they are simply wandering around in circles .  br    br   the only thing that looks decent in the film is aslan  but you can bet that bbc probably blew the film  s entire budget on building the mechanical feline . it looks great when it  s standing still and before it starts speaking  but once it starts moving  you can  t help but pity the poor man who has to be the rear  end in the lion suit .  br    br   yes  if you are a hardcore narnia fan  you may want to see this version  simply because it preserves every word that lewis ever wrote   but lewis was certainly no screenwriter  and a lot of the dialogue feels chunky and awkward when on screen . during the scene in which the children are at the beavers  and getting ready to flee from the wolves  mrs . beaver  s incessant   oh  just one more thing  dearies  and then we will be ready to go   punctuated by the children  s simultaneous cries and sighs and moans of  no  mrs . beaver  please     a scene of comic relief  so incongruous  they are supposed to be fleeing from imminent danger  not wondering about whether to pack the sewing machine or not   detracts from the drama that the scene might otherwise have . in fact  the whole movie is peppered with directing faux pas such as these .  br    br   i would recommend seeing the new narnia  disney      . the new movie  with updated effects  spectacular computer animation  great timing all around  and a gorgeous and scene  stealing white witch  who plays her part with all the subtle evil of a seasoned politician  as opposed to a shrieking banshee  captures all of the grandeur and the magnificence of the world of narnia without detracting the least bit from lewis  s original vision  i think  . lucy is a lot cuter  no buck teeth  yay    as are the beavers  and realistically  sized   and bratty bbc edmund has nothing on the divine  desperately  hungry  for  acceptance  insecure  and  angsting  with  an  inferiority  complex edmund that the new disney version fronts .  br    br   unless you  re the type who enjoys wasting time by making fun of campy movies  i would not recommend this film to anyone .  
this movie is terrible but it has some good effects .  
i went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned alice entertainment . once i realized i would not be getting that  i watched it for a pretty well made movie  in terms of filming  and yeah . . that was it  . but aside from it having a good film quality  considering i had been watching grainy movies all day long  there was nothing good about that movie .  br    br   he killed   . why were tweedle dee and dum played by mudler and scully  serisouly  who can answer that for me  who can answer anything awful about this movie for me .  br    br   i agree with whoever said it was just one big long inside joke for the staff . that  s all it seemed to be .  br    br   poor mr . carroll . i  m so sorry somebody did that to his wonderful tales .  
i was unlucky enough to have seen this at the sidewalk film festival . sidewalk as a whole was a disappointment and this movie was the final nail in the coffin . being a devout fan of lewis carroll  s  alice  books i was very excited about this movie  s premier  which only made it that much more uncomfortable to watch . normally i  m enthusiastic about modern re  tellings if they are treated well . usually it  s interesting to see the parallels between the past and present within a familiar story . unfortunately this movie was less of a modern retelling and more of a pop culture perversion . the adaptation of the original  s characters seemed juvenile and usually proved to be horribly annoying . it probably didn  t help that the actors weren  t very good either . most performances were ridiculously over the top  which i assume was either due to bad direction or an effort to make up for a bad script . i did not laugh once through out the duration of the film . all of the jokes were outdated references to not so current events that are sure to lose their poignancy as time goes by . really  the only highlight of the film was the opening sequence in which the white rabbit is on his way to meet alice  but even then the score was a poor imitation of danny elfman  s work . also  i  d have to say that the conversion of the croquet game into a rave dance  off was awful . it was with out a doubt the low point of the film .  br    br   what a joke . don  t see this movie . after its conclusion i was genuinely angry .  
i  m actually watching this film as i write this . . . if the following comments  prove my lack of development as a true  artistic film maker   then so be it . . .  br    br   but . . . i thought  am still thinking as i  m presently viewing  that this film . . . to put it mildly  is very  very overrated . again  very .  br    br   it looks like a really  really bad student film done by a someone with beyond extremely limited resources . . . and who didn  t pay that much attention to detail .  br    br   i don  t want to go on and on regarding all the different ways that i find this film lacking  but . . . well . . . i just don  t get it  rememeber  i fully admit that maybe it  s me that  s the idiot here  not the film maker  for not getting this  piece of imaginative genius   . . . i rented this on a whim because the reviews were very  very outstanding . . .  br    br   sheesh . . .  
a friend once told me that an art  house independent film ran in a cinema when  upon the closing of the film  audiences were so enraged they preceded to tear up the cinema seats . of course  my imagination ran amok  trying to conjure up the contents of such a piece of work . well  now my imagination can be put to rest .  br    br   i am a lifelong andrei tarkovky fan and an ardent admirer of his work . i have come across many people who thought tarkovsky  s films are slow  moving and inert . opinions being what they are  i found this not to be true of the late director  s wonderful works  which are wrought with meaning  beautiful compositions  and complex philosophical questions . upon hearing aleksandr sokurov called the heir to tarkovsky  i was excited to experience his films .  br    br   with the exception of the open air ride through the fields  stalker   this movie has no kinship to anything tarkovsky has done . it does not seem to possess the slightest meaning  even on a completely mindless level . it  s supposedly  gorgeously stark  cinematography is devoid of any compositional craft . there is a no balance  no proportion  and the exposure meter seems to be running low on batteries in the freezing snow . the main character is so inept and indecisive  it makes you wonder whether his father might have been alive if he made up his mind sooner .  br    br   i am also not adverse to non  plots or story lines that progress on multiple non  linear fashion . but there isn  t even a non  story here . one must surely enter the viewing of this film with a shaved head if one were to exit it with nothing gained and nothing lost  as hair  pulling would be the only possible answer to a pace that could make a tarkosky time sculpture look as if jerry bruckheimer had filmed a charlie chaplin short .  br    br   i won  t rule out that this may be one of sokurov  s stinkers  tarkovsky  s solaris   but to conclude that he is one of tarkovsky  s heir  based on this film  would be to call paris hilton the successor to aristotle . c  mon guys  don  t be afraid to say it . no amount of big impressive words is going to magically bring this corpse of celluloid back to life . i don  t profess to fully understand russian culture and i probably don  t have russian values  but i immediately picked up on tarkovsky  s work as something magical  a treasure and a gift to viewers .  br    br   if it didn  t have sokurov  s name on it  and it aired on say  saturday night live  i  m pretty sure nobody would  read  all these magnificent analysis into this wet noodle of a flick .  
believe me  i like horror movies . i like science fiction movies . i like independent films . and  i like low  budget  b movies .  br    br   sometimes  i even like bad acting  plodding scripts  wooden lines  improbably situations  and the like . however  i did not like christmas on mars .  br    br   it just doesn  t work on so many levels . for all the reasons listed previously  and many more . that includes the nonsensical  blatant use of images of female genitalia . and the many allusions to male genitalia  in a very freudian way .  br    br   i am convinced this is purely from ineptitude . as opposed to some attempt at doing something really different . i mean any movie that takes years to film  just cannot keep up the level of congruity and focus demanded by modern audiences .  br    br   i had hoped that the whole movie was just a dream or hallucination by the main character . however  sadly  it was meant to have happened  as we saw things unfold on screen .  br    br   about the only kindness that i can express  is that the image at the end was stupendous . if this had been used at the beginning  instead of the end  it could have allowed the film to take off where     ended . . .  br    br   to bad they didn  t try that instead . i just don  t understand what was so important about this film that it even had to be made . was it the plot  surely  it couldn  t be . was it the characters  i doubt it i mean  i could live without knowing about ed   . was it the dialog  emphatically  no . the music  perhaps  but more  likely the unvarnished ego of the principals needing to be stroked .  br    br   much better efforts have died on the cutting room floor .  
 this contains many  many spoilers  not that it matters  since everything is so patently obvious   br    br   oh my god  where do i start  well  here  this is the first time i have ever come home from a movie and said  i have to get on imdb and write a review of this now . it is my civic duty .  such is the badness of this flick .  br    br   begin digression but let me just state one thing before i start . i  m not some harvard  art  major  film  noir  weenie  in fact  i went to the college at the other end of mass . ave in cambridge  the one where the actual smart people without rich daddies and trust funds go  which should put me squarely in the nerd  who  would  obsessively  love  comic  book  films census group  and still i hated this film . . .  . my viewing preference is for the highbrow cinematic oeuvre that includes the die hards  bond flicks  clerks  and the grail . i wish the titanic had never sunk  not so much for the lives lost  but so we wouldn  t have been subjected to that dung  heap of a film . and the single and only reason i will watch a snooty french art film is if there is a young and frequently disrobed emmanuelle beart in it . i even gave maximum overdrive one of its precious few   s here on imdb  for god  s sake . so i  m as shallow as they come  therefore i  m not criticizing this film because i  m looking for some standard of cinematic excellence  it  s because elektra stinks like a three  week  old dead goat . end digression  br    br   ok  there  s so much badness here that i have to try to categorize it . here goes  br    br   ms . garner one of the compelling reasons a male would want to see this flick is to see lots of hot jgar  i have no idea why my wife wanted to  . i think that between this and  finding nemo   the latter was the sexier film . you know the red outfit she  s advertised wearing in every freaking ad you see  you see her in it twice  once at the beginning  once at the end . bummer . in the rest  she basically looks like what morrissey would look like if he were a female  lots of pouting and black clothes . which brings me to the incredible range of expression jgar shows in her acting  ranging from  pouting  all the way to  pouting and crying  . oh my god  you  d think she was being forced to date ben affleck or something horrible like that . um  wait . . .  br    br   the bad guys  gal they show about the same range of expression and acting ability that you  d expect from a slightly overripe grapefruit . at least next to jgar  s performance  it doesn  t stand out too badly . one guy  s role is to stand there and be huge  another  s is to stand there and have stuff come out of him  and the woman  s role is to stand there and breathe on and  or kiss people . they manage to pull these incredible feats off . the main bad guy has the most difficult role of all  he has to simultaneously a  appear angry and b  appear asian . he does a fine job at this . i think there was a fifth bad guy  gal  but my brain is starting to block parts of this movie out in self  defense .  br    br   plot twists  this movie has about as many surprises as a speech at the democratic national convention . let  s just put it this way  my wife  who has only been in the u . s . for half a year and speaks only a small amount of english  whispered this to me when the girl first appears in jg  s pad  and i swear to god i am not making this up  she go to house to kill girl . and father too .  and this is before the father has even appeared on the screen . now my wife isn  t stupid  but she isn  t being courted by mensa for her gifts  either  and she  s had zero exposure to daredevil or the comic book genre . and she figured this out in .      seconds with no prodding and no prior information . such is the blatant obviousness of this film .  br    br   rarely  before  seen stupidity  ok  so there  s this big dude in the film . he can take a chestful of shotgun blast and brush off the shot like it  s lint  and he can take a vicious electra stab to the chest and just bend the metal  or melt it  or something  more defenses kicking in  thank god  . but jg jumps on his head  and he explodes  an achilles noggin  ok  such is the mind  numbing stupidity of this film .  br    br   ack . i  m starting to feel a cerebral hemorrhage coming on  so i have to stop . but you have been warned . if you have to intentionally slash your own tires to prevent yourself from going to see this movie  do it . and if armageddon is going to come  please let it be  before  this comes out on dvd .  
perhaps i  m out of date or just don  t know what electra is like in current publications . . . but the electra that i read was far more manipulative and always seems to have a plan . she usually used others to do her dirty work and more often than not some sort of double cross was involved . just when you think you have it all figured out she pull the wool over your eyes and gets her way .  br    br   this movie was fairly weak on the dialog  the acting wasn  t particularly convincing  and the action was spotty . i was really looking for something more along the lines of frank miller  s book  electra assassin .  which is much darker than anything in this movie .  br    br   special effect where cool  action was interesting at times  but more often than not the story and plot was slow or illogical . tha hand was not menacing enough  and electra was not . . . . . bitchy enough . she  s the girl you love to hate . . . but in this story  i just didn  t care either way .  
while some scenes of training were realistic  too many of them depicted military instructors as ex  nazi types . obviously  the people who wrote the screen play were either anti  military types or writing a film for that audience .  br    br   i am a viet nam vet and  even during this period  military instructors who behaved in the manner some of these did would probably still be serving time in military prison .  br    br   and i really loved the scene where the  hero  and his buddy  both privates  are sitting down in the captain  s office  smoking cigarettes and talking and cussing with the captain as if he were their buddy . this sort of thing never happened in training or in a formal situation  as was the purpose for the scene .  br    br   at the end i asked myself   what was this film about   as it seemed to wander around all over the place with no focus except  i hate all authority .  thank god i got it from the library and did not pay to rent it .  
this is absurd  aside from the fellow australian who has reviewed this flick  i can  t help but think that everyone else who has submitted a review so far was some way involved in the production of elektra  considering how generous they were with their praise .  br    br   admittedly i  m not really a fan of comic  book  to  movie conversions so i didn  t go in with many expectations  yet still i found elektra to be incredibly underwhelming . the thing that irked me the most was the fact that there was so much in this film which went by unexplained  that left you thinking  huh  what relevance does that have to the plot   or  so how did that aspect of the character come about   i can only hope that these are things which are perhaps explained somewhat in daredevil  which i have no intention of seeing .  br    br   furthermore  the behaviour of the characters in this film appear to do an about  face at random moments to suit the storyline  and don  t even get me started about the utterly pointless romantic sub  plot . i  m also  still  scratching my head over the fate of cary  hiroyuki tagawa  s character  which seems to have gone by unexplained .  br    br   if i can give kudos to this movie for anything it would have to be the fantastic locations in which it was shot  but otherwise i gained little enjoyment from elektra . i know we  re supposed to suspend our disbelief for fantasy  action films  but almost everything in this film was so improbable or confusing  even by action film standards  that it simply frustrated me .  br    br   well  hell  at least jennifer garner looks damn good .  
how irish critics rave about this movie is beyond me . overacted by the usual band of irish actors dragged out for every irish movie . terrible script  with forced character quirks  the brown sauce  . romanticising all that is bad about dublin . the attitude of  ah  it  s a dump but sure isnt it great all the same  . plenty of tidbits purely for american audiences  the supermarket boss and his horribly forced catchphrase  . and the nail in the coffin was colm meaney  s character . a great actor forced to play this part that could  ve been written by a five year old . cringeworthy stuff . the best thing about this movie is farrell  and it  s a bad when you have to say that . well  at least he wasnt putting on his dreadful american accent . international audiences be warned stay at home and watch snatch and lock stock . you  ll have a better time . intermission is a walk  outer  
this was no trainspotting or guy ritchie film . it was a big wannabee . it wanted to be an edgy  nervous  laughter  urban  life affirming film  but it  s more of a camera jerky  mess . it  s a lot easier to imitate something else  than to create a real story with real characters . from the beginning  i couldn  t care less about the characters or what they were involved in . they were always always hitting  pissing  or crying on each other . only  there wasn  t any substance to what they were doing . the dialog between characters is meant to be hip  revealing  instead it comes out trite  and one scene after another is predictable . i know there are viewers out there that really liked this movie  so i could be wrong .  
if you loved  pulp fiction  and like hand held cameras you should love this film . i liked the quirky story  even though i feel that  pulp fiction  was the most over  rated movie since  the english patient   and found the characters unrealistic but interesting . it  s not  on the waterfront  or  citizen kane  and is burdened by european pretentiousness . but the worst part by far is the hand held camera . it is so distracting and annoying i found myself waiting desperately for the movie to end . i don  t know why new directors think this method of filming is so great . if you are prone to motion sickness  stay away  the hand held camera will have you nauseous in about   minutes .  
i  m irish and i  ve been living in denmark for a while so i was looking forward to going home last week so i could see intermission . and i will go on record as saying  br    br   this film is awful .  br    br   it is not quite as bad a something like  the most fertile man in ireland  but it definitely does not stand up there with other irish films such as the commitments  i went down or michael collins .  br    br   some aspects of the film are actually quite funny  such as colm meaneys american  style garda . but the film itself is shot completely wrong . the bouncing around of the camera and the constant zoom  in  zoom  out tries to give the film an edgy look as if it were a gritty drama . but it isn  t . this is an irish lock  stock and two smoking barrels and it should be shot like this . it should have smooth movement from one shot to the next . the film just looks sloppy and thrown together .  br    br   the performances are okay  given the awful script . a friend of mine said to me like it was like they just followed colin farrell around dublin for a week . he gives a decent display as a dublin dirtbag  but it no way compares to his performances in minority report  tigerland or phone booth . the best performance was from dierdre o  kane who plays a sexually frustrated middle  aged woman who has just been dumped by her bank manager husband for a younger woman . i think she should leave her god  awful stand  up and focus more on her acting .  br    br   all in all  its does in no way live up to the expectations put on it by the irish press or deserve to be even considered as one of the best irish films ever .  br    br   i  m expecting a backlash from these comments because most people i have spoken to have said it was great . but before you reply  ask yourself would think so highly of this movie if it was set in england or america   
this movie blows  let  s get that straight right now . there are a few scene gems nestled inside this pile of crap but none can redeem the limp plot . colin farrel looks like brad pitt in    monkeys  and acts in a similar manner . i normally hate colin because he is a fairy in general but he  s ok in this movie . there were two plot lines in this movie   one about a kid who throws rocks through windshields of moving vehicles and the other about a woman with a moustache . let  s face it  this movie has no freaking idea of what it wanted to say or where it wanted to go . the characters story lines intertwine on some levels but are in no means worthy of being included in a script . the whole thing is weak and pointless and then there is an occasional ok scene . but overall  don  t bother unless you love irish accents so much that you can watch mediocrity and it is rescued by everyone sounding like the lucky charms elf  an american fetish that has catapulted some truly crappy movies to success .  
a terrible film which is supposed to be an independent one . it needed some dependence on something .  br    br   this totally miserable film deals with the interactions among irish people . were they trying to imitate the wonderful film  crash   if so  this film crashed entirely .  br    br   there is just too much going on here culminated by a little brat running around and throwing rocks into buses and cars which obviously cause mayhem .  br    br   the film is just too choppy to work . one woman loses her husband after   years to another while her younger sister is ripped off by a suitor . this causes the former sister to become a bitter vetch and walk around in clothes not worth believing . the older sister also becomes embittered but soon finds romance .  br    br   then  we have  losers who purchase masks to rob a bank . obviously  the robbery goes awry but there doesn  t seem to be any punishment for the crooks . perhaps  the punishment should have been on the writers for failure to create a cohesive film .  
i live in ottawa where this film was made and i really wish it hadn  t been . this is one god  awful flick . i really try and support independent films but there is this stigma attached to anything indie and that stigma is indie films blow . well  this film does nothing to shed this curse . the actor  writer  director brett kelly does little to contribute to the genre  rather he re  hashes tired clichs from movies past . i am really tired of menacing evil looking characters that lurk in the shadows and prey on the unsuspecting  it  s way too overdone .  br    br   i can remember one scene in particular right near the end of the flick where the whole scene is lit with car headlights . now some may say that this was an effect used to create mood and tension  but sadly it was to showcase the shoestring budget of this movie . as well for a movie that dares to call itself horror  a viewer will find themselves hard pressed to find any actual gore  other than a few scenes with corn syrup and red food colouring .  br    br   the biggest thing that drags this film down is the pacing and the lack of character development  the basic plot is that children are being kidnapped and the parents must track down this bonesetter fellow before a certain time in order to get their kids back . not that this concept bugs me  but  i didn  t really find it believable that when the two main characters  both who have lost children can find time to make out with each other . this is done in such a short time span that it  s inconceivable  my first priority would be to get my daughter back and at least get to know the lady before making out with her .  br    br   the last point that i have is . . . . and i won  t hold this against kelly  but the movie is shot entirely on boring  emotionless video and that really takes away from any tense moments that would have just oozed style on film . although if this movie were given a million dollar makeover and redone the story and boring acting and lame everything could not keep this movie afloat . my only hope is that something happens to prevent brett kelly from making a sequel  which has been reported on his website  a sequel that was half written in one sitting .  br    br   lord help us all .  
usually when a movie receives a vote of one it is because someone simply dislikes it and is annoyed it doesn  t have a lower rating  and so decides to drag it down as much as they can instead of just giving it a low rating . this is not the case here .  br    br   bonesetter is a perfect example of a     film . it does nothing right and it doesn  t have the chance to because it doesn  t really attempt to do anything . there are strands of a bad dd novel kind of plot which doesn  t hold together and a complete lack of any kind of acting throughout . it is clear that nobody involved in this project gave it any kind of serious effort  because even a completely patently untalented persons  hard work would amount to more . a truly awful film .  
words cannot begin to describe how blandly terrible this movie is . i wish it were  so bad it  s good   but it  s not . it  s just dull  lifeless  and boring . it  s so bad i couldn  t even laugh at it .  br    br   in response to other posters  anne  marie frigon is not the highlight of the movie . the only person less charismatic is the director brett kelly  who as a true statement on vanity  cast himself as the male lead . they both look like inbreeds  sister and brother .  br    br   the gal  sherry thurig  is a looker . the complete opposite of anne  marie  attractive . this girl is tall and willowy  and can act . although you can tell she  s holding back .  br    br   all the actors seem to be holding back  especially the supporting male  mark . i  ve seen less wood in a rain forest  but he  s still better than kelly . why would kelly keep his actors from acting  is he really that bad a director  everyone else has summed the story up perfectly  there isn  t one . kids are kidnapped and kelly steps in poo to solve the crime . i know how he felt stepping in the poo  it  s how i felt after watching his movie .  br    br   yes  i tried to get my money back from the rental store . this is a home movie best left to be seen by the friends of the director  and if you search them out  you  ll see those same friends were the one who gave the movie positive marks  .  
i realise that the us army was demoralised by      but this film was unbelievable . it was supposed to be a training camp not the ss punishment battalion in a sven hassell novel . the writer must be a real army hater . the psycho sergeant who kept beating the crap of people belonged in a prison cell  and the useless black top sergeant should have been sacked as well . these men were going overseas  the receiving units would surely have wondered where all the unusable damaged recruits were coming from  and an investigation would have ensued . the scene that blew it completely was the electrocution one . farrell  the alleged barrack room lawyer  would have had the instructor over a barrel for issuing an illegal order  to torture pows in contravention to the geneva convention   actual assault on an enlisted man  sexual assault and conduct unbecoming an officer . intead he just walks away . after this  discipline brakes down into a madhouse level and the film becomes unwatchable . i don  t know how it ended  i went to bed .  
a truly frightening film . feels as if it were made in the early    s by a straight person who wanted to show that gays are good  normal  mainstream  aspiring people . retrograde to the point of being offensive  ltr suggests that monogamy and marriage are the preferred path to salvation for sad  lonely  sex  crazed gays . wow  who knew  the supporting characters are caricatures of gay stereotypes  the effeminate buffoon  the bitter  lonely queen  the fag hag  etc .  and the main characters are milquetoast  middle  class  middlebrow clones  of little interest .  br    br   as far as the romantic  ideological struggles of the main couple are concerned  there  s not much to say we  ve seen it all before  and done much better .  
or listening to  for that matter . even the soundtrack is a bore .  br    br   honestly  this isn  t the worst gay movie i  ve seen  that would be regarding billy   but it  s down there very close to the bottom of the barrel .  br    br   this thing drags and drags and drags . it  s not that the plot is inane   in the hands of a good writer it might have worked . . . it certainly could have been much more entertaining . there  s not one plot point you can  t see coming for ten miles down the road . the dialog is flat . the jokes are old . to add insult to injury  it  s full of one  dimensional  stereotypical gays .  br    br   nothing in this movie convinced me that the situation or the relationship of the two leads was possible  much less real . there was no chemistry  no dynamic  in fact no evidence of why the leads love each other . . . we  re just told they  re in love . hard to figure when they have nothing in common and aren  t compatible sexually . they like the same book  huh   br    br   the acting is not totally bad  but the pacing is excruciatingly slow . i mean  almost jarmusch  slow  but without jarmusch quality . in fact  that would be a good barometer for you . if you like jarmusch films  avoid this one .  
movie had some good acting and good moments  though obviously pretty low budget   but bad rating due to basic premise being badly developed . the main point of conflict between the two leads doesn  t play out in a realistic manner at all . there are a few scenes where they disagree because of it  but no discussions of any great depth that would explain how they can be together while seeing the world so differently  especially since the employment of glenn is so wound up in this part of his life  and adam is active enough with his that he supports it with time and money .  also  several times glenn is portrayed negatively for being the way he is  apologizing to adam for his past  while adam is shown to be upstanding and  traditional   which the film proclaims to be the  good  way in the end . i don  t like being preached to like that . i attended a discussion session with the director after viewing ltr  and he said that he presented this conflict between them because  if he was in glenn  s shoes  and he said he does in real life relate to glenn  s view  that he could never date someone with adam  s views . well  then  i think he should have done a much better job explaining how glenn could do it in the film . also  director said he directed this  his first movie  only after reading  directing for dummies .  directing was not that bad  but far from a top notch effort . i  ve seen worse  but i rarely leave films feeling this frustrated .  
when this play was first shown by the bbc over   years ago  it would have been something quite different for the time . so therefor some people would have found it quite scary  and may well have been impressed with the special effects   br    br   looking at the play in this day and age  it doesn  t seem to be all that scary anymore  even the special effects can leave a lot to be desired .  br    br   would a train really be allowed to pass a red light into a dark tunnel  i don  t think so . . . . . . but if you watch this play again  you will observe that the first train that enters the tunnel  rushes straight through the red light   maybe that  s how it was in dickens time    br    br   you will also notice that the footpath that leads down to the signal box is very steep and in a poor state . surely there would have been a series of proper steps with handrails for the signalman to climb up or down into the cutting .  i can  t help but notice things like that   br    br   i will not take anything away from the acting  both denholm elliott  signalman  and bernard lloyd  the traveller  gave wonderful performances .  br    br   i am not at all sure what is going on . . . . . . i mean was the ghost the traveller  or what    does anyone really fully understand this rather confusing story     well maybe i am the only one that don  t      br    br   to sum up . . . . .  br    br   the play has a wonderful atmosphere throughout  with great character . it suffers from not being that scary these days  and a little if not very confusing in places  and has some rather unusual signalling practises . . . .  br    br   thanks for reading my review .  
i watched this movie for its two hours and have absolutely no idea what it  s about . somebody got murdered or maybe they didn  t and maybe somebody did it or maybe they didn  t . this brought back memories of the good old days  bad old days   when all cbc canadian movies were stinkers . lately stinkers have been the exception but this confused hodge podge of trendy feminism  mind reeling flash backs and mumbled dialogue makes up for lost time . i  ve never found margaret atwood  s books easy to read . this movie continues that fine canadian tradition . it isn  t easy to watch . maybe the trendy folks at the chi chi toronto cocktail parties will pretend they liked it . us folks in the boonies are a little less pretentious .  
i don  t know what margaret atwood was thinking to allow this movie to have the same name as her book . i  ve always been a big fan of the robber bride and was so excited to learn there was a movie in the works . i am aware that the translation of book to movie isn  t perfect but this movie was the worst ever . the names of the women are correct and some of the back story is correct but that is about it . i feel like i lost a good portion of my time trying to make it through this movie . this really should have been a mini  series to tell the story the way it was written .  br    br   the actors for roz  tony  charis and zenia were well  chosen even though i was skeptical at first about mary  louise parker . i only wish they  d had a better script to work with because this really had nothing to do with the book at all .  
when i saw that mary louise parker was associated with this epic novel turned film  i was intrigued . being a fan of the book  i assumed she  d be playing tony  roz  or charis  but more so  i was intrigued to see how they would turn this very head  y  almost psychological  but not psychological thriller  novel in to a movie that would be accessible to those who hadn  t read the novel  and that would be at least mildly satisfying for those who had . the book is a complex reflection of society  women  and modern life  and i was interested to see how they used the  different narratives that lead to the unfolding of the story in a film . what they actually did was a crime .  br    br   the biggest error and confusing issue is why would oxygen  a network that advertises as being for women  take an amazing book about how complex  wonderful  and terrible women are and can be  and change the protagonist from  women to some dumb former cop with no real motive to be involved in the story  it seems like whoever adapted it took an easy way out by using this guy to straight up ask roz  tony  and charis about how they knew zenia and in doing that  they rushed through bulk of the book . in doing this though they muddied the story and cut everything that is great about the characters in it  aside from making it so the audience had no one credible to associate with . in the film  these women aren  t people  they are characters .  br    br   in the book zenia does fake her death  but the book mentions it to get this point across  while the film wastes      minutes focusing on this former cop running around and doing nothing of use . they tried to make this complex book an episode of law and order or csi .  br    br   it turns out that mary louise parker played zenia  which was so wrong . zenia is a catherine zeta  jones  angelina jolie  or maybe even a scarlett johnasson type . she is a woman men can  t not adore  and a woman that women are intrigued and threatened by  but in a  keep your enemies closer  kind of way . and once she gets closer  she seems totally genuine and trust worthy  despite your better judgment . she  s the kind of woman who  even when she loses  she wins she  s always still beautiful  still rich  and there are always still people out there who don  t know her game .  br    br   in the film  zenia didn  t take charis  s man  the blonde american draft dodger who was using charis in the first place . . .  but instead took august and tried to become her legal guardian  and apparently came back to be her lesbian lover as a lingering kiss at the coffee shop implies  . and zenia did kill the chickens before leaving with august  but it made no sense since all of the build up to it was removed . it  s was as if whoever wrote the screenplay was grasping at straws to satisfy those of us who read the book  but i think had i not read the book  i would have spent the whole movie confused  if i had bothered to stick with it at all .  br    br   and roz  s husband was dead before zenia came in to the picture  which was weird since zenia took roz  s business and home life in the book  which is why roz hated her so much  and she and zenia had conspired to kill roz  s husband years and years back . and according to the film tony and west had been dating forever . . . even at the party where zenia and west  in the book  had painted the whole place black and they made tony seem like this totally with it  and evil  bitchy  person who was always respected by everyone for her intelligence and popular for it . tony  s character was so wrong in this film . . . she seemed a little psycho and like the mastermind behind whatever conspiring was going down as opposed to the kind of gawky  mildly reclusive teacher that she was in the book . the film basically implied smart women are evil  beautiful women are evil  powerful women are evil  and women who teach yoga are off their rockers .  br    br   they basically tried to make it so zenia wasn  t necessarily as awful as she was in the book  and then  in the end  the three women convince this former cop  who  of course in the process of researching this  meets zenia and has an affair with her that is supposed to end with them moving to barbados or something ridiculous  which of course zenia bails on  to hide zenia  s body  which they found splat at the hotel she was staying at  but the film implies that one of the three women pushed her over the balcony  or they conspired together to do it . . .  and then zenia also managed to take all of roz  s money in the process . by the end of the film i was only half paying attention between commercials b  c it had spiraled so far out in space from what it could and should have been .  br    br   if you aren  t confused by this breakdown of the film  then maybe you would like it  because i have read the book and seen the movie  and from the movie alone i am ridiculously confused . it was terrible . i get that making a film out of that book is quite a task  but if you are going to take on the task  you should start by determining what in the book is unnecessary  instead of creating some useless character to be our alice in wonderland .  br    br   are there really no fluffier books that oxygen could be making at least half decent tv movies of   
i greatly enjoyed margaret atwood  s novel  the robber bride   and i was thrilled to see there was a movie version . a woman frames a cop boyfriend for her own murder  and his buddy  an ex  cop journalist  tries to clear his name by checking up on the dead woman  s crazy female friends . it  s fortunate that the movie script fixes ms . atwood  s clumsy plotting by focusing on the story of these two men  victims of scheming women . . .  br    br   heh . okay  you got me . if these guys are mentioned in the book  and i  m pretty sure they  re entirely made up for the movie  i  ll eat the dust cover of my hardback copy . apparently  the three main female characters of the novel aren  t enough to carry the movie . zenia  s manipulations aren  t interesting unless we see them happen to a man  and a man  s life is screwed up . roz  charis  and toni tell their stories   to a man . because it  s not important if a man doesn  t hear them .  br    br   i liked the characters in the book . it hurts to see them pushed off to the side for a man  s story . i normally do not look for feminist angles on media  and i tried to enjoy the movie as is . if i hadn  t read the book  i might have enjoyed the movie a lot more . so if you like the cop and the ex  cop  and you want to read more about them  you  re out of luck . read the novel  if you want to enjoy luscious prose and characterization subtly layered through a plot . it  s the same plot the movie excavated it  ironed it  and sprinkled it with male angst . it  s like zenia  s revenge on margaret atwood .  
if i had never read the book  i would have said it was a good movie . but i did read the book . who ever did the screen write ruined the storyline . there is so many changes  that it wasn  t really worthy of the title . character changes  plot changes  time line changes . . .  br    br   first off who was henry and the investigator  they weren  t in the story . henry had mitch  s persona somewhat  but mitch wasn  t a cop . no you made it so roz  helped  sink  his body and used that as zenia  s blackmail against roz . the real so called blackmail was roz thought zenia was sleeping with her son and wanted her to get away from him . her son was also being blackmailed because he was hiding being gay from his mother . her son wasn  t even really mentioned in the story . neither i don  t believe was his lover  roz  s secretary .  br    br   tony and west were not together in the beginning . he was actually with zenia first while in college . the black painted apartment was their idea  tony just went to visit . this is where zenia and tony meet  become fast friends . tony hides her love for west . then zenia left west  with cash from tony  then west and tony get together . eventually marry  at some point west leaves tony for zenia again for a short time . only to be heart broken again . then go back to tony . zenia  s blackmail for tony was that tony had written a test paper for zenia . now being a professor at college she didn  t want to let it get out . i will say the character who played tony did it wonderfully .  br    br   charis character was a blond  not that it really matters . zenia didn  t trick her about having cancer while augusta was alive . no she was there when charis had a lover named billy . augusta  s father  he was a draft dodger in the vietnam war . eventually after charis takes care of zenia for months for what was actually drug withdrawal . zenia and billy have an affair right under charis  s nose while taking care of them both . then zenia turns in billy to the government  and leaves on the ferry with him . not with augusta  charis was pregnant with her tho . charis also had a split personality  karen was her real name .  br    br   zenia did not die from being cut up into piece  s . . . . she fell or was possibly pushed  we never really knew  off the balcony and landed in a fountain . she had almost pure grade heroin in her blood and it was likely she took some not knowing and fell off as she od  d . she was also really dieing of cancer this time around .  br    br   it didn  t show any of the childhood memories or anything that endeared the characters to the reader . the book was striped down to its bare bones . then re made in someone else  s vision . why couldn  t you just write your own story along the lines of what you made the movie . it was different enough  and i  m sure could have been made more so .  
warning  no plot spoilers ahead  but movie spoilers nonetheless . . .  my significant other rented this for me thinking it would be a terrific romance with an all  star cast . wow  very  very wrong . this movie is an overdone  overwrought  and overly sentimental excuse to theatrically release a student film   years after it was shot  the copyright date on the box said      yet during the very first flashback sequence i was looking at the clothes and hairdos that were supposed to be the early     s  and noticed that the girls especially were wearing late   s  early   s dresses and hairdos . it looked as if it had been shot a good   or   years before the rest of the film  i tried to convenience myself that it was a flashback  and therefore supposed to look old  but it looked wwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyy more   s than   s or even   st century trying to be   s . . . then an adult coworker of the lead character turns up  and he looks just like the boy featured in the flashback sequences  yet it  s a different  much older character whose youth is featured in the flashbacks  . i was completely confused until i saw in the special features the short film included  it was all the flashback sequences  shot in     as a complete student film of the same title as this movie  it also features commentary that includes the little boy all grown up  and indeed acting the co  worker in the     scenes  . thus  this movie is just a shell of story woven around an old  re  cut student film put together as an obvious excuse to get it up to theatrical running time . the shell story  shot in      is mostly about a man who has lost his wife and finds healing and redemption at the dance class that he promises a dying man he will attend in his stead  something about a promise made by the dying man in the early    s to his girl that they would meet on the  fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium  an excuse to shoot the segments around the old film in       these new scenes and plot might have been ok except the awful  overly sentimental score that repeats ad nauseum over almost every single new scene and the clichd action that permeates the new movie . don  t bother . there  s a reason why you  ve never heard of this movie even though it has a well  known cast  it  s terrible .  
i got this movie in the   bin at walmart . i would not recommend watching this move . i might give it to one of my friends if i am angry at them and want them to suffer for  hours .  br    br   i looked at the cover and skimmed through the summary and thought it was a war movie . i wish i would have known how boring this movie was going to be before turning it on . it was my mistake to think something was going to happen in this movie . it  s just about a group of people going from one boot camp to another . the drill sargents treat the soldiers very badly and the main character tries to help people get out of fighting in vietnam .  br    br   okay  here is my rant about this movie to me  this movie is slow and hard to watch . it was just one of those movies that you put in and are stuck watching because you want to turn it off but your hanging on to a string of hope that it might pick up towards the end . it doesn  t . after the movie was over i through it behind my t . v . because i was angry that i wasted almost  hours of my life watching it  and another   minutes writing this review to warn people about it .  
i ended up watching this whole  very long  movie because i was fascinated by the sheer stupidity and naivity of it . it seems difficult to believe that so many famous people  anthony quinn  lawrence olivier  john gielguld  vittorio de sica  etc .  would have willingly participated in this farce . but maybe in     people really were so naive  the plot seems written by some confused latin american marxist priest with an agenda . there is a superpower conflict and the russians are actually the good guys  with the communist party general secretary being a nice and spiritual man  who  suddenly  after   years  sees the light and feels compelled to ease his bad conscience by releasing a prisoner priest from a siberian gulag . the priest then promptly becomes the pope by a series of coincidences . we are allowed to see the secret vatican papal voting process which is portrayed in the most hillariously pious form you can possibly imagine .  br    br   meanwhile  the communists in china achieved the usual socialist economic miracle of starving half of their country to death . to solve this minor hiccup on the relentless shining path towards communism they want to start a nuclear war  in order to justly distribute the western capitalist riches to the poor workers of china  .  br    br   our good old comrade general secretary gets a bit worried and calls the pope just before his coronation to ask him to broker peace . they meet with the chinese leader comrade peng who looks and acts like a   year old boy . you will roll on the floor laughing about what people in     thought the chinese looked like . comrade peng demands that the western capitalists must pay  which is quite logical after all  don  t capitalists always have to pay for the madness of the socialists    and that the pope needs to sacrifice something  too  for the common altruistic cause of equality and social justice .  br    br   so when the pope gets crowned in rome  he pledges the entire wealth of the catholic church world  wide to feed our poor chinese brethren in christ . and thus he saves the world from nuclear holocaust .  br    br   apart from this  there are also some minor sub  plots  which  alas  provide little to redeem this incredibly bad movie . i  d give it three oscars for stupidity .  br    br   by the way  anthony quinn looks quite unlikely as a pope . he is much more plausible as zorba the greek .  
my brother is an avid dvd collector . he took one look at the cover  two models on toilets  and had to add it to his collection . i stayed up with him to watch what turned out to be likely the most cringeable movie  i use that term loosely  i  ve felt obligated to sit through . i dared not make eye contact with my brother  quite certain he must have been cursing the receipt in his clenched fist . the biggest name in the whole movie is michael clark duncan who appears in one scene  which the  filmmaker  decided to show every take of  about four total  throughout the movie . in fact  the whole movie pretty much follows this suit . the fact that the dvd contained deleted footage was a shock .  i went to bed without viewing it  however  . to no surprise at all  i found this disc without its case behind the tv about a week later .  
the underground comedy movie  is possibly the worst train wrecks i  ve ever seen . luckily i didn  t pay for this movie  and my friend reluctantly agreed to watch it again siting that it was so awful but he needed to prove to me how awful it was . i love off color comedy . i figured at the least it would have that and i would be entertained . no  instead the acting was so awful  the  jokes  were extremely cheesy  and the plot was no where to be found . maybe there wasn  t supposed to be a plot so i can  t hold that against this movie . it  s pretty sad where the funniest thing in a comedy is an old woman having her head hit off by a bat . . . . . by batman . . . a man dressed in a baseball uniform wielding a bat . hilarious . simply genius . i got the feeling watching this movie that its creators made it and laughed hysterically with their friends about it . perhaps this was full of inside jokes we just didn  t understand . or perhaps it  s the worst piece of trash ever made and it should be locked away in a vault and dumped in the arctic ocean .  br    br   p . s . don  t buy this movie   
sure  we all like bad movies at one time or another  and we in fact enjoy them  this however  wasn  t even a guilty pleasure  it was just crap . some guy  vince offer  who is conceited enough to make himself the main character while probably got drunk  high   probably both   and thought it was a great idea to make a movie . he then proceeded to show his script to equally high  drunk individuals . overall  this movie was so bad  predictable  and unoriginal i couldn  t get through   minutes of it before i turned it off . it makes you got served look like citizen kane . bat man  wtf . . . some guy that walks around with a bat  real original . almost as good as calling him fat man  and having a fat guy walk around in a superhero outfit .  
sometimes you wonder how some people get funding to create a movie as bad as this one . you can only stand about  minutes of this utter piece of garbage before you stomp back into blockbuster and demand your money back . i will now look at michael clarke duncan with apprehension . . . why . . . . he lent his name to this vermin .  
anyone who has watched comedy central around midnight in the past few years has probably seen ads for this movie . i first saw ads for this movie back in     . it looked like it could be funny  but i wasn  t about to call up the number on the television screen and order it without seeing the movie first . i figured i would wait until the movie was available to rent at blockbuster .  br    br   about a year and a half later  i was at tower records and in the  dvds for less than     pile  there was a copy of this movie . seeing that the dvd was only   .   i decided to buy it . i got home  put the disc in the dvd player  and waited for the laughs to start . . . and i waited some more . the laughs never came .  br    br   i  d have to agree with almost every other comment on this page when i say that this movie was horrible . sick  desperately tasteless  and poorly written and directed  the underground comedy movie is an atrocious piece of garbage and is in my opinion the worst movie of all time . no stars .  
the underground comedy movie is perhaps one of the worst comedies i  ve ever seen . i should have known it was going to be bad when the box had the phrase  guaranteed to offend  written on it . . . meaning that the filmmakers were going to focus more on grossing you out than making you laugh .  br    br   this movie is an amateurish jumble of childish skits  bad characters  and worse jokes . . . from the pathetic bat  man sketch to the painfully unfunny arnold shvollenpecker skit  they just aren  t funny . the few skits that are a little funny are few and far between  watching micheal clark duncan play a gay virgin  for example  but even they go on too long and get ruined from vince offer  s ineptness at comedy .  br    br   keep the underground comedy movie underground . . . bury it   
first of all . . . . .  br    br   what the hell  why in the world are they trying to sell a low budget piece of crap on late night tv with the promise of disturbing  offensive sick garbage that any normal real human being with a soul couldn  t watch .  br    br   what the crap is funny about a dog being injured  a grandma getting her head knocked off . . . a guy getting his hand blown to pieces and two girls going to the bathroom  what in the hell has this world come to that people find comedy in some thing so completely sick . anyone who thinks this kind of material is funny  should not even be allowed to walk the earth .  br    br   but from what i hear its not even offensive . . . so . . . they promise comedy through demented piles of sick garbage . . . and they cant even pull that off .  
this movie goes beyond just being bad  it is definitively the worst movie i have ever seen in my entire life . unless you yourself have a problem with necrophilia than you will not enjoy will not enjoy the scenes depicting it in this film   if you can call it that  .  
imagine the worst skits from saturday night live and mad tv in one   minute movie . now  imagine that all the humor in those bad skits is removed and replaced with stupidity . now imagine something   times worse .  br    br   got that   br    br   ok  now go see the underground comedy movie . that vision you just had will seem like the funniest thing ever . ucm is the single worst movie i  ve ever seen . there were a few cheap laughs . . . very few . but it was lame . even if the intent of the movie was to be lame  it was too lame to be funny .  br    br   the only reason i  m not angry for wasting my time watching this was someone else i know bought it . he wasted his money . vince offer hasn  t written or directed anything else and it  s not surprise why .  
i was shocked by the ridiculously unbelievable plot of tigerland . it was a liberal  s fantasy of how the military should be . the dialogue was difficult to swallow along with the silly things colin farrell  s character was allowed to get away with by his superior officers .  br    br   i kept thinking   hey  there  s a reason why boot camp is tough . it  s supposed to condition soldiers for battle and turn them into one cohesive unit . there  s no room for cocky attitudes and men who won  t follow orders .  i was rooting for bozz to get his butt kicked because he was such a danger to his fellow soldiers . i would not want to fight alongside someone like him in war because he was more concerned with people  s feelings than with doing what was necessary to protect his unit .  br    br      br    br    
i think i will make a movie next weekend . oh wait  i  m working . . oh i  m sure i can fit it in . it looks like whoever made this film fit it in . i hope the makers of this crap have day jobs because this film sucked    it looks like someones home movie and i don  t think more than     was spent making it    total crap    who let  s this stuff be released        
this film had a lot of promise  and the plot was relatively interesting  however the actors  director and editors seriously let this film down .  br    br   i feel bad for the writers  it could have been good . the acting is wooden  very few of the characters are believable .  br    br   who ever edited this clearly just learnt some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film . there are lots of quick  flashy  edits in almost every scene  which are clearly meant to be symbolic but just end up as annoying .  br    br   i wanted to like this film and expected there to be a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium but alas no  it left me feeling like i  d wasted my time and the film makers had wasted their money .  
words cannot describe how utterly abysmal this movie is . it is a series of random  unfunny clips about everything from a stupid batman spoof to a guy getting it on with an old dead lady  really disturbing  . the only remotely amusing thing about the underground comedy movie is watching joey buttafuoco  the best actor in this movie . also  it is rated nc     shunning away the only people that might tolerate it .  
i have never seen a comedy that was this much of a chore to sit thru . . . not one laugh in it . ok  maybe one little chuckle for the michael clarke duncan bit as the big  black  bald gay virgin . but the rest of it was shockingly un  funny . on top of being void of any laughs the  skits  go on forever  steer clear of this one if you value your time and money . dreadful    the worst     
hawked as the most offensive movie ever  guaranteed to offend everyone  guess what  it worked  i  m offended that we shelled out money to rent this . two friends and i were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on tv was true . curse comedy central and all the other networks that pushed this garbage on us  it was by far the worst movie i  ve seen since hollow man . i generally avoid the crappy ones  but got sucked into this one . we have since beaten the prick who suggest we rent it  and his movie picking privileges have been revoked . there is nothing remotely funny about this movie . . . even the  adventures of dickman  scene was sophomoric at best . . color me ped . thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason . . . no . . it just sucked . never watch this  for any reason whatsoever . not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny . that  s saying alot . please for the love of all that is holy  if you cherish your sanity  never view this movie . it  s many things  stupid  pointless  and worthless to name a few . but the main thing it was aiming for offensively funny  it failed miserably . crash and burn . . . .  
how do i begin  this movie is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen . it has no redeemable qualities . i just sat through this movie and it was a struggle . it failed to get even a single smile on my face . i find it hard to believe that anyone would distribute this horrible film . i felt that this movie was a failed attempt at distasteful humor . the only thing that was worth anything about this movie was the soundtrack  i  m pretty sure thats the reason i wanted to see this movie in the first place . i will wrap this up as i am going to try and forget the time i just wasted with this piece of crap . i will leave you with this warning . do not watch this film  it sucks .  
it really impresses me that it got made . the director  writer  actor must be really charismatic in reality . i can think of no other way itd pass script stage . what i want you to consider is this . . . while watching the films i was feeling sorry for the actors . it felt like being in a stand up comedy club where the guy is dying on his feet and your sitting there  not enjoying it  just feeling really bad for him coz hes of trying . id really like to know what the budget is  guess it must have been low as the film quality is really poor . i want to write  the jokes didn  t appeal to me  . but the reality is for them to appeal to you  you  d have to be the man who wrote them . or a retard . so imagine that in script form . . . and this guy got that green lit . thats impressive isn  t it   
this movie shows a row of sketches  which partly pass over into one another . i realized the passing over late in the movie  at first it only irritated me .  br    br   many of the episodes in this movie come along without any recognizable punchlines and simply try to wangle around that fact  using absurdity and obscenity . the attempt of it to stay comedy without any funny bits fails .  br    br   my personnel and maybe subjective result after watching this movie  my god  it hurts in my head every time i call it  movie    a bold attempt to turn nothing into something great . but it failed . at least the director made something out of nothing . but it isn  t something good .  br    br   many movies didn  t turn out as funny as they were planned  but this one tops them all . it  s the real life manifestation of the worst case scenario of film making . no . to correct myself  it  s even worse than that . a movie with gags so bad  that they aren  t funny at all . it  s not even fun to watch the lead  actor  writer and director  all three the same guy by the way  perish by drowning in the sea of bad movies . the movie is too bad for that .  
this film stars  among others   slapchop  vince offer  who also wrote  edited and directed  and joey buttafuoco   not exactly names that scream out  quality  . and with such uplifting skits as  supermodels taking a dump   it  s exactly what it sounds like   a guy who robs a sperm bank  the  rhymer    necrophilia with a rotting corpse  black market fetuses  featuring a guy scooping what are supposed to be them out of a jar   lots and lots of gay jokes  a skit about a giant phallus who is a superhero and forced abortions . the skits are painfully unfunny  such as  batman and rhymer    the acting not good enough to be considered amateurish and the film is crude just for the sake of being crude . . . and stupid . i truly believe a group of  year  olds could have easily made a funnier film with the same budget .  br    br   apparently this film resulted in a lawsuit by  slap shot  vince against the scientologists . frankly  i wouldn  t know who to root for in this case    apparently  he alleged that somehow scientologists destroyed his reputation and sank this film . no matter that the film is repellent junk from start to finish and    unfunny  by comparison  ebola is funnier  . . . and these are the nicest things i can say about the movie .  br    br   by the way  that is bobby lee  from  mad tv   wearing a diaper and participating in the dumb fake porno film . it  s amazing his career could overcome this .  
lately they have been trying to hock this film late  night on cable tv commercials . don  t believe the hype . i was one of the unlucky people to see this stinker in theatres . this is  in my opinion  the  rd worst movie of all time  just behind mac  me    worst   and jack frost    worst   but i must admit  they are all close and all terrible  really  nothing of this movie is funny  or disturbing  or anything else it claims to be so don  t waste your money . the only thing it is good for is giving to your worst enemy . i  m not lying about that . someone who you would love to kill or torture would be a prime candidate for this film . it is that awful . if you don  t believe me then you deserve to suffer through the misery of watching this  which i doubt you can finish . two thumbs enthusiastically down .  
i bought this at tower records after seeing the info  mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central . i was actually really looking forward to watching this . my god where did i go wrong  now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies  hell i own over      dvd  s  with that said  the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the worst film i have ever seen . i tried to give it a chance  but not only was it not funny . it had no point  did not offend what  so  ever and was all around stupid . god who in their right mind thought these pieces of crap were funny  this is going right to the bottom of the bin . . .  
i rated this movie as awful    . after watching the trailer  i thought this movie could be pretty cool .  guaranteed to offend . . . everyone   the trailer said . well . . . it did offend me  because this movie really sucks . it is hardly a comedy  as i laughed about two seconds during the entire movie . and what  s with all the gays in this movie  i  m not gay and i don  t have a problem with those who are  but what  s the point of adding so many gay  scenes in a so called comedy movie  when these scenes are absolutely not funny  i guess the director is a gay man in denial  or something like that .  br    br   so my advice to you is if you want to waste good money  go rent a good comedy you  ve already seen a million times  you  ll be better off than watching this mother of all lousy comedy  s . it really is total crap .  
since most review  s of this film are of screening  s seen decade  s ago i  d like to add a more recent one  the film open  s with stock footage of b     s bombing germany  the film cut  s to oskar werner  s hauptmann  captain  wust character and his aide running for cover while making their way to hitler  s fuehrer bunker  once inside  they are debriefed by bunker staff personnel  the film then cut  s to one of many conference scene  s with albin skoda giving a decent impression of adolf hitler rallying his officer  s to  ultimate victory  while werner  s character is shown as slowly coming to realize the bunker denizen  s are caught up in a fantasy world  some non  bunker event  s are depicted  most notable being the flooding of the subway system to prevent a russian advance through them and a minor subplot involving a young member of the flak unit  s and his family  s difficulty in surviving  this film suffer  s from a number of detail inaccuracies that a german film made only   year  s after ww  should not have included the actor portraying goebbels  willy krause  wear  s the same uniform as hitler  including arm eagle  goebbels wore a brown nazi party uniform with swastika armband  the  ss  soldier  s wear german army camouflage  the well documented scene of hitler awarding the iron cross to boy  s of the hitler youth is shown as having taken place inside the bunker  it was done outside in the courtyard  and lastly  hitler  s suicide weapon is clearly shown as a belgian browning model      most account  s agree it was a walther ppk  some bit  s of acting also seem wholly inaccurate with the drunken dance scene near the end of the film being notable  this bit is shown as a cabaret skit  with a intoxicated wounded soldier  his arm in a splint  maniacally goose  stepping to music while a nurse does a combination striptease  belly dance  all by candlelight . . . this is actually embarrassing to watch  the most incredible bit is when werner  s captain wust gain  s an audience alone with skoda  s hitler  hitler is shown as slumped on a wall bench  drugged and delirious  when werner  s character begin  s to question him  hitler start  s screaming which bring  s in a ss guard who mortally wound  s werner  s character in the back with a gunshot  this fabricated scene is not based on any true historic account  werner  s character is then hauled off to die in a anteroom while hitler prepare  s his own ending  hitler  s farewell to his staff is shown but the suicide is off  screen  the final second  s of the movie show hitler  s funeral pyre smoke slowly forming into a ghostly image of the face of the dead oskar werner  hauptmann wust  this film is more allegorical than historical and anyone interested in this period would do better to check out more recent film  s such as the     remake  hitler the last   day  s  or the german film  downfall   der untergang  if they wish a more true accounting of this dramatic story  these last two film  s are based on first person eyewitness account  s  with  hitler the last   day  s  being compiled from gerhard boldt  s autobiography as a staff officer in the fuehrer bunker and  downfall  being done from hitler  s secretary  s recollection  s  the screen play for  der letzte akte  is taken from american nuremberg war crime  s trial judge michael musmanno  s book  ten day  s to die   which is more a compilation of event  s  many obviously fanciful  than eyewitness history  it is surprising that hugh trevor roper  s account   the last day  s of hitler  was never made into a film .  
this movie doesn  t even deserve a one . this was an utter waste of time . it was a waste of film and money . it was not offensive but everything was provocative and disgusting . my spoiler is one that i think should be read by everyone . there is full frontal nudity and disgusting language . but not only that  there is no plot line  the actors are terrible  the accents are horrible  the actors are small time and i was even excited to watch this movie   br    br   the only reason i rented it was for brian van holt  who got only a fifteen second part  by the way  . i think this might have been a mistake on the directors and editors parts but they repeated the same segments two or three times  adding only a new sentence .  br    br   a film similar to this is eraser head  possibly the most disturbing movie in existence . there is no plot line  and is not funny . although it isn  t trying to be funny . do not watch either movie .  
a series of painfully unfunny skits that seem to go on forever and a day . not as mind  numbingly awful as say  freddy got fingered  or  lost reality   but that in no way is an endorsement in any way  sense or form . features the worst rhyming clown ever . any most if it isn  t offensive to anybody but the most prudish or politically correct . it also has the worst song parody ever put on film  the worst arnold impersonation ever  not just the worst put on film  literally the worst ever  . i have no clue why karen black  micheal clarke duncan  or slash would star in this  the reasons i watched this in the first place  the only thing mildly amusing was dickman . in conclusion i would  t recommend this film to anyone  but the people who are making it their mission in life to get this in the bottom    on this site are pathetic . do something notable with you lives people . plus if it  s true the church of scientalogy hates him  he can  t be all bad .  br    br   my grade d  
and i repeat  please do not see this movie  this is more than a review . this is a warning . this sets the record for the worst  most effortless comedy ever made . at least with most of the recent comedies nowadays  the gags are crude and flat  but the writers and directors put in at least some sort of effort into making them funny . i never get tired of repeating one of my favorite mottos everyone thinks they can do comedy  and only   percent of them are right . comedy is hard  this is not some genre any fool can play around with . i think it  s atrocious that the filmmakers are comparing this piece of garbage to  kentucky fried movie .  basically  these bozos are comparing their so  called comic talents to those of the brilliant jim abrahams and the zucker brothers . come on  i  ve seen pauly shore movies that are   times funnier than  the underground comedy movie .  here  s a sample of the comedy for those curious about seeing this movie one sketch involves a superhero dressed like a penis named dkman . the whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by squirting them with semen . that  s it . that  s the whole joke . wow . this is enough to make carrot top roll his eyes . another sketch involves a man having sex with a dead person in a porn movie . and in another sketch  there  s a bag lady beauty contest  in which we  re exposed to the horrible sights of bikini  clad middle  aged women with beer guts and stretch marks . plus  making fun of the homeless is more sad than funny . it  s a step away from mocking the mentally handicapped . the whole movie is supposed to be a satire . i think the filmmakers forgot that a key element of satire . . . is truth    for anybody who actually enjoyed this crap  explain to me what is truthful about any of these gags  some of the sketches might  ve sounded funny on paper  but anybody who  s taken any screen writing classes knows that if a sight gag sounds too funny on paper  it probably won  t be funny on screen . if i tell someone about a big  black  muscular gay virgin  who  s saving himself for the right man  he or she would probably laugh . but watching the premise played out on screen for about   minutes is a complete drag . i hate how whenever people criticize a low  brow comedy like this for not being funny  they  re regarded as stuck  up squares . i just saw  white chicks  recently . that  s another low  brow  politically incorrect comedy  but i laughed my head off . the most offensive thing about  the underground comedy movie  is it  s not funny  what the writers and directors don  t understand is that merely being filthy and tasteless doesn  t work . there has to be more  just think of the famous scene from  there  s something about mary   ironically  enough the bozo filmmakers put the farrellys on their special thanks list  . the joke about the semen wasn  t just funny because it involved bodily fluids . there was a buildup . ben stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he didn  t go out on a date with a  loaded gun .  then he looked around to see where all the semen went after it was released . a knock is on the door  and he has to answer it . his date  mary  is at the door and that  s when it  s revealed that the semen is hanging off ben  s ear . in this movie  there are multiple gags involving characters squirting loads of semen at people  with no buildup whatsoever . as jay leno always says   this comedy thing  s not so easy  is it   keep that in mind  vince offer   cause you weren  t cut out for this genre   the only reason people might laugh at these gags is because they want to feel hip . let  s face it  nowadays it  s hip to laugh at anything politically incorrect . i know comedy is subjective . . . but this movie shouldn  t be funny to anybody  except maybe the filmmakers themselves . as a side note  the movie had to have been made before michael clarke duncan  s fame in movies like  armageddon  and  the green mile .  there can  t be any other reason why an actor of his caliber would volunteer to be part of this amateurish freak show . all the others in the cast are either non  actors  has  been actors or b  movie stars . karen black made a good impression in  five easy pieces   but i don  t think she  s done anything of value ever since . slash was probably drugged into being in this film . gina lee nolin is nothing without  baywatch .  angelyne is the film  s biggest star  keeping in mind duncan wasn  t famous at the time   and there are still probably a ton of people who haven  t heard of her   for good reason . usually  i  m in support of extremely low  budget flicks  but this one deserves to drift into obscurity . i hope to lord this doesn  t become a cult classic  shouldn  t there be a law against distributing crap like this   
i  m into bad movies but this has nothing going for it . despite what the morons above have said  it is not funny . i know comedy and underground movies but this is so boring that the director  writer should be prohibited from ever directing anything but local cable access ever again  to love movies and comedy is to despise this film . i may never get over how unfunny and boring this work was . if you like this movie you are a pothead as sober there is nothing here . zero  if you need to compare underground movies  see  kentucky fried movie  or early john waters . the movie starts by defining satire and i defy anyone to show me the satire . the rule for comedy is this . . . if it  s funny you can say or do anything but if it  s not funny you are not satirical  you are not edgy  you are merely pathetic and this movie is simply not funny . zero   
this is the worst movie i  ve ever seen in my life . this is saying quite a bit  considering some of the choices i  ve made in film rentals .  br    br   i got this on netflix based entirely on the fact that someone i went to high school with is topless in it . the topless scene lasted all of about  seconds and the rest of the movie was about as much fun as having pungee sticks driven underneath my toenails whilst being forced to listen to roseanne sing big spender .  br    br   the  skits  are stupid and consist of the worst kind of juvenile bathroom humor and locker  room gags  and it  s such a blatant  and poor  rip  off of the kentucky fried movie that you  ll be begging for big jim slade to crash through the wall and save us from the stupidity of  vince offer   whoever that is  .  br    br   unless you are a masochist  avoid this pile of rubbish .  
i foolishly read the back of the dvd cover of this movie in best buy about a year ago  and said to myself   seems funny  plus it has michael clarke duncan  how can i lose   i proceeded to pay    .   plus tax for it . i took it over to a friends house and we both stood aghast at how poorly it was written and acted . wooden performances abound . all the  hilarious  and  outstanding  performances promised never seemed to arrive . after   minutes i hung my head in shame  knowing that i could never get that   minutes or    .   back . i literally almost cried as well  because if that was what could be considered  comedy  i didn  t want to believe in movies anymore . my friend and i constantly informed a friend of ours of the horror of this movie to the point that he needed to see it just to understand how bad it was . over the holiday season this year i watched it with him because he didn  t want to watch it alone . this was my next horrible mistake  because as i watched i just became angry . i began to yell at the movie  and i  m not one to talk to movies period . everyone i know that has even glimpsed this movie has agreed its the worst they  ve ever seen . my sense of humor is sick and twisted and often offends my friends  but that could not save this movie even . the fact that this movie is not on the bottom    list on imdb is astounding . the fact that its rating  at the time of this writing  is  .  is a crime against humanity .  
imagine the worst skits from saturday night live and mad tv in one   minute movie . now  imagine that all the humor in those bad skits is removed and replaced with stupidity . now imagine something   times worse .  br    br   got that   br    br   ok  now go see the underground comedy movie . that vision you just had will seem like the funniest thing ever . ucm is the single worst movie i  ve ever seen . there were a few cheap laughs . . . very few . but it was lame . even if the intent of the movie was to be lame  it was too lame to be funny .  br    br   the only reason i  m not angry for wasting my time watching this was someone else i know bought it . he wasted his money . vince offer hasn  t written or directed anything else and it  s no surprise why .  
a woman  s nightmares fuel her fear of being buried alive . the cheating husband wants her dead and decides to make good use of her phobia by sticking her in a coffin and leaving her in the basement . of course b  horror movie queen brinke stevens transforms into hideous ghostly creature . the only reason to see this amateurish junk flick is michael berryman in a really small cameo and two sex scenes with delia sheppard . and the last twenty minutes of brinke  s bloody rampage are quite fun to watch . the special effects for example laughable decapitated head are truly awful . better watch  scalps  or  alien dead  again . of course i ain  t expecting classy entertainment from fred olen ray  but  haunting fear  is too dull to be enjoyable .  
i purchased this video quite cheaply ex  rental  thinking that the cover looked quite nice . and it was nice  but the movie is trash . i can handle b  grade  i sometimes even enjoy a good b romp  ie .  surf nazis must die  is a classic example of how entertaining the genre can be   but this was just bland bland bland . incredibly dull scenes were broken up too sparsely by good wholesome cheap porn and entertaining dream horror sequences . this movie has very little to offer .  
fred olen ray is a lousy director  even as far as b movie directors go  but  haunting fear  is probably one of his better films . yes  it does butcher the great poe story  premature burial  and yes  it is badly paced and uneven throughout  but it is also pretty entertaining . scream queen brinke stevens is better than usual as a pretty  fragile housewife whose worthless husband  jay richardson  is plotting to do away with her because he needs money to pay off a gangster  played by robert quarry  . delia sheppard  a veteran of many early   s soft  core movies  actually gives the best performance in the film as a slutty mistress . you will also enjoy small roles played by karen black as a psychic  robert clarke as a doctor and michael berryman in a nice cameo in one of the better scenes . the ending didn  t make much sense   
this bogus journey never comes close to matching the wit and craziness of the excellent adventure these guys took in their first movie . this installment tries to veer away from its prequel to capture some new blood out of the joke  but it takes a wrong turn and journeys nowhere interesting or funny .  br    br   there  s almost a half  hour wasted on showing the guys doing a rock concert  and lots of people watching on  free tv    since when does that happen   surely the script writer could have done something more creative look at how all the random elements of the first movie were neatly tied up together by a converging them at the science presentation . not in this film  which pretty much ended the bill  ted franchise . the joke was over .  br    br   the grim reaper is tossed into the mix  for whatever reason . this infusion  like the whole plot  is done poorly and lacks sparks for comedy or audience involvement . there  s a zz top impression  hammered in for no reason . there  s lights  smoke  mirrors  noise . but nothing really creative or funny .  br    br   skip this bogus thing .  
first off . . . with names like fred olen ray  brinke stevens and jan  michael vincent  plus distributors like  rhino  and  troma  on the video box  you know what you  re getting into with this one . b movie mania  if you  re actually expecting to see a thriller  based on edgar allan poe   then forget it and head straight for the excellent series of roger corman   s poe films . this is pure  unadulterated sleaze  with just a pedestrian attempt at a plot similar to  the premature burial    complete with lots of r  rated  ready  for  video sex and nudity . however  it  s certainly entertaining and fun in a slipshod kind of way . . .  br    br   brinke  who has three nude scenes in the first   minutes  plays rich  traumatized  insomniac housewife victoria monroe  whose fear of being prematurely entombed stems from her belief that the same fate befell her father  hoke howell  . her worthless husband terry  jay richardson  has racked up some serious gambling debt  owed to a gangster played by robert quarry  and  with help from his kinky  blonde  european  accented sexpot secretary lisa  delia sheppard  plots to do away with brinke for her money . name  value actress karen black drops in briefly wearing a blonde wig as a hypnotist  she  s way too talented to be playing an insignificant role like this     s sci  fi  horror star robert clarke plays a doctor and family friend and michael berryman shows up for a decent nightmare sequence performing an autopsy on a still  living vicki . jan  michael vincent mostly sits outside a house in his car making goo  goo eyes as brinke enters and exits the home .  br    br   the kill  a  spouse  for  the  inheritance plot has been done a million times before  the ending is an unintentional laugh riot  concluding with a direct rip  off of the zuni fetish doll segment in trilogy of terror  and whoever created the awful stabbed face and decapitated head fx for this release needs to sharpen up on their skills a bit . brinke does a decent job making her character somewhat sympathetic  but the biggest surprise of all is how good former penthouse pet delia sheppard is in her role . she stole every scene she was in and easily gave the standout performance here .  
hallam foe tells us the story about a boy who lost his mother and experiences some sort of oedepus complex afterward .  br    br   it is something like   minutes long but would be better in ten . there  s like an hour in the middle where he is doing climbing practice on rooftops  and habits in a church tower like quasimodo  only he is much less sympathetic  .  br    br   there  s a strange love story involved which doesn  t have anything to do with anything . she happens to look like his mother  yes so what  we know he misses his mother  that  s what the first ten minutes were about . they should just have put the beginning and ending together and it would have been a o . k . short film . now it  s a portrait of a character who doesn  t change . he is a guy that stuff happens to . the only active choice he has in the whole middle of the movie is to apply for a job .  br    br   there  s this whole oedepus thing going on which is supposed to make us analyze his character . he paints his face  dresses in women  s clothing and wears a dead badger on his head . a badger  you  ve got to see the ending  he returns to his home with the badger on his head  and it is shot like a tacky horror film  to kill his dad  s new wife  which he had sex with in the beginning  . and somehow they thought this wouldn  t be entertaining enough so they put some indie punk music in the background . i  ve got to admit though  i  m kind of allergic to films that want to write a psychological complex on your nose . it feels like this mackenzie director  guy  whatever is trying to show us that he also has been studying psychology in school . you are so smart  thank you for bringing all these forgotten theories back into our memories  you really dug  what a wallraff  okay so now i realized this film is based on some random book  but anyway . .  br    br   photowise it is boring . a lot of talking heads . plus the editor has changed the colors from scene to scene  you know cold and warm etc . . why  maybe  hallam foe  is both a feature and a test film for color blind people . or maybe they just thought that the drama wouldn  t be enough to tell us that he feels lonely  so they increased blue so that we really get it .  br    br   i  m not even gonna comment on the clich indie  oh  how  how  how  cute drawings they have made in the presentation . and all the  cute  sex stuff going on . this whole film is an independent clich . but i do recommend it . i laughed more than a few times . though it is really annoying to be a film student and to see how crap like this gets through the machine .  
in its way  mister foe  originally  and more appropriately  titled hallam foe  i can  t see addressing its title character as  mister    is a tribute to good acting . both jamie bell  as hallam  a physically attractive voyeur  creep  and sophia myles  as kate  his kinky partner in sex and fantasy romance  are convincing . the problem comes when you try to connect their roles to anything that happens in real life . a young man who spies on the intimate details of people  s lives the way hallam does would be deservedly beaten to a pulp . and a woman in kate  s situation would be repulsed and frightened  she would probably call the police .  br    br   these things are not  however  what happens in the movie . poor hallam  s mother has died and his father married a woman with whom he  s been having an affair . hallam  of course  hates his stepmother and lets he know it . she has sex with him . kate  s some kind of an employment person who places hallam in a dish washing job and plays sexual games . she looks like his birth mother . it all ends happily with hallam  resolving  his  issues  .  br    br   forty some years ago  the play and brilliantly acted movie  who  s afraid of virginia woolf  had a similarly optimistic ending  with characters becoming wiser and better after tearing each other apart . the trouble is  it doesn  t always work that way  especially when nobody really cares . in virginia woolf  the ending  s plausible because of the intensity of the emotional revelation . in mister foe  the emotional revelation never really happens .  
david mackenzie  s follow  up to the brilliant young adam wants to be a feel  good underdog story of a lonely voyeur who is trying to confront some psycho  sexual issues with his dead mother . it wants to be gritty  realistic  and mysterious . at the same time  it wants to be funny and nonjudgmental of its disturbed lead as he establishes himself as an adult .  br    br   to meet this end  the film tries hard to be youthful . its poster has hand  drawn letters looking like that of juno . its original soundtrack is comprised of fast  paced indie rock which tries to convince the audience that hallam is ok just a little misguided . but strangely the film is anything but youthful .  br    br   like young adam this film  s central mystery concerns a drowned woman  in this case hallam  s mother . young adam keeps its mystery quiet  contemplative  and paced well enough to hit you with the truths as they come . hallam foe does the opposite . it foregrounds its character  s psychosis so clearly and so early that he never really does anything outside his expected parameters . the opening scene is hallam in his treehouse watching his sister fooling around with her boyfriend . hallam swiftly interrupts  asserting his presence in the household . here we see everything that hallam will do for the rest of the movie .  br    br   the mystery surrounding his mother  s drowning is whether it was suicide or murder by his father  s girlfriend . the audience can never really trust hallam because  besides being creepy  we think his obsession has led him close to insanity . this hindered the mystery element for me because hallam is too sporadic to be relatable . right when he  s found some clues that would support his claim he runs away from home  at first it appearing to be looking for the police . then he gets extremely sidetracked by a girl who resembles his mother  which frustratingly leads the story away from the mystery element .  br    br   while jamie bell does bring out some very endearing traits in his lost character  he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs . this movie is in no way mysterious  yet it is not blunt either . it tries to be realistic in dealing with such issues  but it adds a very self  conscious spunk which registers itself as quite the opposite . it goes for a soundtrack  heavy  trainspotting attitude to help the audience root for a protagonist who scales buildings  picks locks  and camps out for the sake of voyeurism . these urban peeping tom adventures hallam engages in are way too difficult for an inward  drawn country boy to engage in and they are not sexy  giddy  or pleasant . they are more neutral than anything not propelling the character or story . mackenzie makes you understand hallam  yet he fails to build common ground .  br    br   he expects you to enjoy hallam  s trials and tribulations without much ideological justification . the film hinges on its audience  s perspective on voyeurism  the kind of person who engages in it . obviously  most people would be disgusted by it . and hallam foe realizes that  but it does not let us see hallam weigh the morality of his decisions . he goes from person to person  trying to fill his deep void . there is a particularly disturbing line from hallam  s love interest kate where she drunkenly says  i love creepy boys   perhaps asking the audience to do the same . the line tries to foreshadow her understanding of him  her motivation remains vague throughout  and tries to further us from judging him . it  s not hard to like hallam  but it is very hard to participate in his adventure  if it is even an adventure at all . all the while  the film tries to use its flamboyant soundtrack to mask its indecisive mood .  br    br   great performances are weighed down by a film with a weak third act  muddy development  and needlessly ambiguous direction from mackenzie . recently this film was re  named for a us release  and for what reason  not only is it more unappealing  but the hard truth is that the hallam character never earns the title  mister .   
i saw this film first in the soviet union and many erotic scenes were simply edited out by the censorship committee . but then  in poland in      i watched it in a complete form . and so what  the plot is incredibly unwise   men survive the genetic catastrophe and find themselves on the planet full of feminist strong  straight and fundamentally severe ladies . the men now try to fight it and then the whole bunch of extremely silly clichs follow  sex  drive  constant masculine desire for sex  feminists who are shown like complete idiots  you may agree with them or not  but idiots certainly they are not   and so on . the performance even of the stellar jerzy stuhr is here wooden and strangely bad  he just pulls unfunny faces and repeats on saying phrases like  i am in the elevator with a nude chick and i haven  t done anything to her   . this was intended to be a comedy  instead  it turned out to be a vapid farce  full of predictable jokes and below  the  waist innuendos . do not waste your time on it  this is just bad .  
once again i have seen a movie made by people that know nothing . i just recently reviewed baby face nelson . now i  ve seen dillinger and i  ve had it .  br    br   this movie is garbage . i don  t know how anyone in their right mind could compare this to a classic like bonnie and clyde . this movie is far from a classic . someone called it brilliant . that  s an insane thing to say . this movie can  t get any facts straight and it has the worst casting i  ve ever seen . i don  t know whose dumb idea it was to cast warren oates as john dillinger . first of all he looks nothing like him . second of all  by the time john dillinger was killed he was   . when oates made this he was    you could even tell that he  s older than the real dillinger just by looking at him . not only was he too old  but so was ben johnson as melvin purvis .  br    br   they show baby face nelson die  then homer van meter  and finally john dillinger . john dillinger was killed before both of them . the last one to die out of the three was baby face nelson . not only do the writers not know when they died  but they also don  t know how they died . baby face nelson was not killed after he escaped from little bohemia in a robe . homer van meter was not killed by farmers with shot guns . homer van meter was cornered by the police in st . paul and gunned down with machine guns . another member of dillinger  s gang  harry pierpont is shown being shot by police in this movie . pierpont wasn  t shot . harry pierpont was captured and sentenced to die in the electric chair . i go into what happened to baby face nelson on my baby face nelson review so i  m not going to go into it again here . let me also add that richard dreyfuss  portrayal of baby face nelson is pathetic . there  s a scene where he attacks dillinger and then gets a bad beating . while dillinger was beating him he was crying like a baby and screaming   leave me alone   baby face nelson and john dillinger never fought . maybe dillinger didn  t agree with nelson  s bank robbing methods  but they never fought . nelson also never cried like a little girl while getting beaten . they keep calling him lester  baby face  nelson . he was never in his life known by that name . nelson  s real name was lester gillis and he changed his name to george nelson . the black guy that escaped from jail with dillinger was herbert youngblood  but in this movie he is known as reed youngblood . john milius doesn  t know anything . where the hell did john milius get his information  i could probably make a better movie than him .  br    br   finally the way they showed john dillinger die is outrageous and inexcusable . the movie shows dillinger walk out of the biograph with the lady in red and his girlfriend billie frechette . by the way  billie frechette wasn  t even there that night . but a girl named polly hamilton was . melvin purvis yells   johnny   dillinger pulls out his gun and is blown to hell . it is a proved fact that dillinger did not have a gun that night . the fbi gave him no chance to surrender and as soon as he was in sight they blew him away . they didn  t even have to shoot him . they were so close that powder burns were found on his face . it was murder . they also say that the man killed that night was not john dillinger . after killing tons of civilians in the little bohemia incident can you imagine the fbi reporting that they had just killed another innocent unarmed man  the gun they had on display that was supposedly on dillinger was also proved not to have been manufactured until after dillinger  s death . i could go on and on how the man they killed wasn  t john dillinger  but i  ll stop here . if you would like to know more check it out here  br    br   see the dillinger version with lawrence tierney if you want  but don  t waste your time with this inaccurate piece of garbage movie .  
i just finished reading a book about dillinger . this movie was horribly inaccurate . it  s like they got a list of names and just made everything up . his robberies and getaways were well planned  down to the second  when the time was up  they left whether they had all of the money or not . they had notes of every road  where to turn  etc . purvis never saw him at the restaurant  he was told that dillinger paid for his meal after dillinger left . purvis never even saw dillinger before the night dillinger was killed  only photos of him . the way his gang members died were fictitious . dillinger never robbed a bank by himself  like he did in this movie . if i had never read the book  maybe i could have enjoyed the movie . the acting was a bit over the top in places . the action was overdone as well . on second thought  i doubt if i would have enjoyed it much even if i hadn  t read the book .  
proof why hollywood conventions are in place . stale dialogue  underdeveloped and flat characters and a disjointed storyline are only part of the problems with this gangster classic wannabe . an attempt to be daring and different but this appears to be a slap  together attempt at recreating the magic of arthur penn  s bonnie and clyde       and george roy hill  s butch cassidy and the sundance kid        truly innovative filmmakers and films  but falling well below the bar . problems with storylines being self  explanatory result in the need for a voiceover to explain problem sections . the editing appears again to be an attempt to duplicate the previous classics but is occasionally disjointed and cause more problems for me technically . unnecessary shots are thrown in to justify the filming of them but would have better served the viewer by sitting on the cutting room floor . stills  black  white montages and period music are thrown in from time to time in attempts to either be different or to cover up for scenes that can  t transition well or to replace scenes that just didn  t work at all and again are reminiscent of butch cassidy and the sundance kid       .  br    br   overly dramatic pauses between sentences  random shots of surrounding scenery that wasn  t needed for storytelling plus over  the  top acting of bit players and supporting actors was reminiscent of the backyard camcorder directors of the late      s  i was left wondering who was in charge of this film during production and during post  production . the playing of music in most two shots and close  ups and then suddenly stopping in wide shots overly emphasized a weak musical score . no sound editing was drastically apparent as the bulk of the film was gunshots  doors  footsteps and dialogue  a style used in the late    s through the mid     s by new directors  but lacking background noise causing it to seem artificial  particularly the tire squeaks on dirt roads . in my honest opinion the biggest problem of all is there are no  likeable  characters for the audience to route for nor were we lead to see as the protagonists of the story . neither the gangsters nor the lawmen were characters i wanted to see win and neither were focused on as the  hero   a necessity for any story to work for me . we know from penn  s and hill  s movies who the  heroes  are . even though they are criminals  we like them and want to see them get away . i could care less who was on the screen in this film . i got the impression that john milius was trying to give off a non  historically accurate reenactment documentary of the events surrounding john dillenger  s life from june     to july      his death  .  br    br   to be fair  there are some moments of good solid storytelling  which are moments that shine forth brightly from the dark and dismal canister in which this film sits . john milius gets better thankfully in future films where he doesn  t seem to try to  copy  other filmmakers . dillinger       isn  t a total waste as many stars and famous faces who were at the cusp of breaking out are involved with this directorial  big budget  debut  but wait for it on a classic movie channel rather than spending money to rent or buy .  br    br    
near the beginning  after it  s been established that outlaw john dillinger  warren oates   is an egomaniacal rapist  another bandit of the     s is cornered in a farm house and surrounded by the fbi . second  in  command melvin purvis  ben johnson   surveys the situations  sticks a lighted cigar in his mouth  picks up two loaded .    caliber automatics  and stalks off into the distant house alone . bang  bang  bang . purvis emerges alone from the house  carrying the female hostage  the miscreant dead . all in long shot .  br    br   if you  re enthralled by stories like red riding hood  this should have considerable appeal .  br    br   oh  it  s as exciting as it is mindless . pretty boy floyd meets his demise dramatically . multiple violations of the civic code . plenty of shoot outs with tommy guns and pistols . blood all over .  br    br   as history  it stinks . few remember melvin purvis as an fbi hero  partly  i would guess  because of his name . melvin purvis  we all remember j . edgar hoover  who fired melvin purvis because he was a rival in the quest for public attention though .  br    br   the picture was written and directed by john milius . he  s the guy who had it written into his contract that  should any animals be shot and killed in the course of one of his productions  he should be the designated shooter . milius is the guy  a compleat gun freak  who had teddy roosevelt  s rough riders in the spanish  american war shouting quotations from henry v    saint crispin  s day  and all that .  br    br   exciting  yes  and complete garbage .  i knew i  d never take him alive  and i didn  t try too hard neither .  that is  kill  em all and let god sort them out .  br    br   you  ll just love it .  
anyone who visited drive  ins in the     s    s  and   s  must have seen a film or two by american international pictures  a distributor that resembled     s giant cannon films . wherever movie  goers ventured  aip would be right there to supply the latest en vogue titles  in the   s came horror movies like  voodoo woman  and  the undead  in the   s were frankie avalon  annette funicello beach comedies and biker flicks like  the glory stompers  and into the   s  aip churned out grindhouse  level trash like  cannibal girls  and  sugar hill .   br    br    dillinger   released in      is one of the more  highbrow  aip efforts that capture the true spirit of drive  in film  making it is one of those uneven  over  the  top flicks that satisfied the masses  thirst for entertainment  craftsmanship and common sense be damned . on the whole   dillinger  is typical for its era entertaining and worth a couple of hours  but certainly not memorable . heavy on action and short on both acting and historical fact   dillinger  was a fair effort by screenwriter  director john milius   magnum force   but certainly left room for improvement in his extensive career .  br    br   the     minute  dillinger   epic for aip  s scope  follows the quest of fbi midwest chief melvin purvis  played by academy award winner ben johnson . purvis was the investigator who sought revenge for four fbi agents killed in a     kansas city ambush that helped gangster frank nash to escape justice . at large were the men who supposedly plotted that breakout  including expert bankrobber john dillinger  warren oates   pretty boy floyd  steve kanaly   and psychopath baby face nelson  richard dreyfuss  . dillinger eventually joined forces with floyd and nelson  taking along homer van meter  harry dean stanton  and harry pierpont  geoffrey lewis  . he also hooked up with billie frechette  michelle phillips   a prostitute of french and indian extraction . while taking place over several months in         dillinger  is basically a chase film  with purvis  s entourage looking to run down and kill off the men wanted by j . edgar hoover .  br    br    dillinger  has a documentary feel  listing dates and places while johnson supplies loose narrative as purvis . milius keeps an honest depression look  using authentic fashion  cars  weapons  and buildings he also sprinkles around black  and  white photography and stock footage of gangster shootouts . the film is never boring  moving at a quick  if haphazard  pace . the action scenes are dillinger  s strongpoint  edited competently by fred feitshans jr in his last professional effort . thousands of blank ammunition rounds must have been used to make this film  not to mention pounds of explosives . this film is certainly not for the squeamish  with people getting shot and dropping dead all over the place . the violence  while gratuitous  brings some understanding of the mayhem that organized crime dumped on american life .  br    br   this film never transcends its exploitation status  however  because the needed writing just isn  t there . john milius  somewhat overrated as a filmmaker  places way too much emphasis on action . the action scenes  mostly blood  filled shootouts  are impressive and comparable with any major crime film of its era  including      s  bonnie and clyde .  but we simply don  t get to know much about dillinger and his gang members as people the vital relationship that develops between dillinger and frechette is barely touched upon  with the pair meeting in a bar during one scene and cavorting as lovers just ten minutes afterward . melvin purvis also seems to wander in and out of the storyline  becoming a prominent figure only when milius needs to keep the film from unraveling . all too often  the film takes on a shoot   em  up persona when its characters could have been explored in detail .  br    br   aside from this  the picture  s main crime is ignorance of historical fact . while many say that  dillinger  is just a film  it  s films such as this one that create fables and make them permanent . those with knowledge of gangster history will point out that john dillinger was not the last of his ring to die  as milius  s screenplay and the film  s documentary style encourage us to believe . in fact  dillinger died before baby face nelson and homer van meter he also was said not to be carrying a gun on the night of his death  nor did he have billie frechette in tow . while these inaccuracies might make for high drama  there is no reason why milius couldn  t have stayed with the facts and written a great story around them .  br    br   warren oates  s performance as dillinger is quite good  although he sometimes looks unconvincing . oates is humorous and nicely portrays how dillinger became consumed by his larger  than  life image in the american press however  we never really feel the menace he invoked in his lifetime . ben johnson gives some life to purvis  suave but rather flat . michelle phillips brings emotion to the billie frechette character and it  s really too bad that milius  s screenplay didn  t flesh out her relationship with dillinger . we never learn what drew her to a cold  blooded killer  other than the stereotype of an easy  going girl who is attracted to men of danger . the supporting roles with kanaly  dreyfuss  stanton  lewis  and a briefly  appearing cloris leachman  are acceptable for such talent .  br    br   as a piece of     s exploitation   dillinger  appears doomed to retail bargain bins  which is exactly where i picked up mgm  s dvd release for   .   . the film is nicely presented in widescreen  a must for drive  in flicks  with subtitles in french and spanish . dillinger  s theatrical trailer is supplied as a lone extra . largely forgotten except by gangster movie fans and drive  in enthusiasts  the film doesn  t really call for much else in way of supplementary material . for fans of the genre  it  s certainly worth checking out .  br    br    out of   br    br   roving reviewer  www . geocities . com  paul  johnr  
first off  i must admit that both films i  ve seen by this director i saw without titles and so may have missed the points . my czech isn  t bad but  having sat through two of his films  i wish i hadn  t even tried to learn . samotari is too cool . way too cool . it  s about ten different story lines that weave in and out together . that  s not so deeply unusual in a town the size of prague  tiny  really .  the main characters are between   and   . they  ve got jobs and only one studies . the best character is the young balkan girl . her sentiments are echoed by immigrants here every damn day . that  s about it . the only great character . everyone else is making their own lives hell quite on their own . how can i sympathise with such obvious incompetence  perhaps there are interesting bits with japanese tourists but do i need another stereotype in film  if you like alright music  see this film . if you want to laugh at others  stupidity  see this film . if you like irony and dry humor  see an original jarmusch not an imitation . and under no circumstances see ondricek  s film  septej  whisper .  that is unless you enjoy homophobic stereotypes .  
i recently watched this film at the    th gothenburg film festival  and to be honest it was on of the worst films i  ve ever had the misfortune to watch . don  t get me wrong  there are the funny and entertaining bad films  e . g  manos  hands of fate   and then there are the awful bad films .  this one falls into the latter category  . the cinematography was unbelievable  and not in a good way . it felt like the cameraman deliberately kept everything out of focus  with the exception of a gratuitous nipple shot   the lighting was something between  one guy running around with a light bulb  and  non existing  . the actors were as bad as soap actors but not as bad as porn actors  and gave the impression that every line came as a total surprise to them . the only redeeming feature was the look of the masked killer  a classic look a la jason vorhees from  friday the    th  . the plot was extremely poor  and the ending even worse . i would only recommend this movie to anyone needing an example of how a horror film is not supposed be look like  or maybe an insomniac needing sleep .  
it  s interesting to see what the director tried to do with this film . but the problem is that it  s not very good . there was nothing really original in the film and while the plot was well presented  the main characters were all a bit to shallow and you didn  t bother for any of them .  br    br   rather bland  and sometimes downright bad  photo leaves a bit to be desired but i guess you can  t expect to much from people who are just doing a low budget film for the heck of it . it  s unfair to review the film and compare it to other high  budget films . but alas  that is what one must do . on its own  it  s not very good . and compared to others  it  s still not very good . but it is not without its good points  i liked the plot . it was built up rather nicely and tied together well at the end . sometimes in the really dark scenes  it managed to build up a creepy feeling as well .  br    br   however in the end the film fails to impress . the characters are pretty much non  existent and we don  t care for any of them . any of them might die  but it  s possible to pinpoint the final  survivor  from very early on .  
  i love new york  is another entry by vh    mtv networks  showing the entertaining side of dating a shrill  obnoxious  woman . it must have been an easy decision to take the most wildest  ebonics speaking  craziest contestant  and her mother  and give them a show on this network . many will argue   this is a show  . true  it  s not as bad as it  s previous show   flavor of love   but it  s just as bad .  br    br   it reminds me of a skit from the    s show  in living color  where keenan ivory wayans was imitating the boxer mike tyson on  the love connection  dating show and he picked  robin givens  for a date . mike talked of how the date was okay  but how the obnoxious mother kept butting in . this show reminds me of that .  br    br   the men are chosen and given names to degrade themselves and the woman that they are dating more   i would think an intelligent man looking to date an intelligent woman would not allow her  and her mother  to give you a name that is so ghetto  you  ll embarrass yourself every time you appear on tv .  but these are professional reality actors  so why bother .  br    br   it escapes me to discover what is so entertaining about all of this . the fact that this is as fake as her newly implanted additions    minutes of fame and hundreds of thousands of dollars in ad time for the network   well  you can  t hate them for trying to make a buck .  maybe the wonder is  who would want to be with this woman past an hour  or wonder if she and her mother  s next show would be on the wwf  any way you slice it  it  s a train wreck you  ve seen countless times before so by now the shock value is down to nil .  br    br   no twist or turn will make this a more interesting train wreck  or any different from any of the others . appeals to the lowest common denominator and for those calling an  end  to reality shows  this is just another nail in the coffin as to why they should end  immediately .  
the latest rumor going around is that vh  is starting casting calls for i love new york  mid     . so does this mean budah or tailor made dumped new york or does this mean new york dumped the winner   br    br   i know flavor of love is coming up to it  s  rd season  so now with a flavor of love  and a i love new york  . . . . . will there ever be a true winner     br    br   i  ve also heard a few rumors that chance will be brought back for the  rd season of i love new york     i have also heard rumors that new york will be specially featured on flavor of love  .  br    br   hopefully this was not too much of a spoiler for the ending of i love new york  . . . . i  m just stating the latest rumor .  
i think that new york is a big fake  i mean her whole guidelines of this show is stupid . i enjoyed flavor fl av more better  she acts like a slut  and a hoe put together . her mother is out of this world  i think she is the devils daughter . i mean what does she think she is doing these men already have girls and i believe once you have been with her you will be to ashamed to go back to your girl . she is nasty  spoiled and a big fat fake . the show is very interesting to watch  how much money is she getting to do this awful show  and whats up with her mother  i thought her and new york did not get along  but now it seems as though she is just as fake as her crazy daughter . and where is the so called husband  he is no where to be found  i would not to be with them either .  
this is the most saccharine romance i ever sat through . the perfect film for an idle housewife in kerchief  housedress  and ostrich  trimmed high  heeled mules to watch in the afternoon  lying on the couch eating bonbons . in fact  bonbons play a prominent role in the movie .  br    br   the only reason i was able to watch to the end  is that i finally was able to gaze at keanu reeves  dreamy face in almost every scene . in most of his films  he moves too fast to get a good look . the only rapid action in this show is giancarlo giannini waving his hands with latin emotionality  more italian than mexican  really .  br    br   the dialog is as stiff as wood . unfortunately  no bodices are ripped  the hero is disgracefully perfect  mannered and mild . the aristocratic warm  blooded old  world family cliche is as old as the hills . what does it matter if they are irish or italian or mexican  this is a fairy story .  br    br   i knew before the titles finished running that this would not be the movie i hoped for . the glowing grapes looked like the paragon of all food ads in women  s day magazine . i didn  t see his name listed  but the art director surely was thomas kinkade  who paints the million dollar canvases of irish cottages snuggled in fuchsias . this film was literally seen through rose  colored glasses . if you like dreamy pink and blue sky  this film is for you   the bonbons looked really good  too    
it must be the most corniest tv show on the air . this is probably a escape for jim belushi and all of his bad movies . his brother sucked all the talent out he younger brother . i hope this show is canceled and never spoken of again except in a negative use . jim has got to retire or something . please let them go of the air . if i here a joke from that show i will throw up and and wash my eyes out with a toothbrush . id rather be taken from the devil himself than watch a full half hour that piece of programing . i still do not understand why the show is still in the air and running . we all know deep down that we want to shoot our tv screens when we see jim  s face . in conclusion  no more please .  
i love the episode where jim becomes the greenman . it is great  when jim tosses that little person through the window  the look on his face is priceless . then when he starts to address the priest in his wife  s behalf only to find out that she has become the pee  woman  great writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see . i am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode . i  d like to use it as my avatar on a message board because i think the greenman is hilarious . does anyone know where i can download a photo of jim as the greenman  can anyone point me in the right direction to find such a photo   
i always wrote this series off as being a complete stink  fest because jim belushi was involved in it  and heavily . but then one day a tragic happenstance occurred . after a white sox game ended i realized that the remote was all the way on the other side of the room somehow . now i could have just gotten up and walked across the room to get the remote  or even to the tv to turn the channel . but then why not just get up and walk across the country to watch tv in another state   nuts to that   i said . so i decided to just hang tight on the couch and take whatever fate had in store for me . what fate had in store was an episode of this show  an episode about which i remember very little except that i had once again made a very broad  general sweeping blanket judgment based on zero objective or experiential evidence with nothing whatsoever to back my opinions up with  and once again i was completely right  this show is a total crud  pie  belushi has all the comedic delivery of a hairy lighthouse foghorn . the women are physically attractive but too stepford  is to elicit any real feeling from the viewer . there is absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running down to the local tv station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending every copy of this mutt howling back to hell .  br    br   except . .  br    br   except for the wonderful comic sty lings of larry joe campbell  america  s greatest comic character actor . this guy plays belushi  s brother  in  law  andy  and he is gold . how good is he really  well  aside from being funny  his job is to make belushi look good . that  s like trying to make butt warts look good . but campbell pulls it off with style . someone should invent a nobel prize in comic buffoonery so he can win it every year . without larry joe this show would consist of a slightly vacant looking courtney thorne  smith smacking belushi over the head with a frying pan while he alternately beats his chest and plays with the straw on the floor of his cage .  stars for larry joe campbell designated comedic bacon because he improves the flavor of everything he  s in   
all the funny things happening in this sitcom is based on the main character jim being either a bad father  a bad husband or generally just enormously selfish . how can that be funny  of course a character in a sitcom has to be flawed  but jim  s character is flawed in an extremely unsympathetic manner .  br    br   and why it that  my guess is that it  s because  he should now better  . jim  s not a stupid guy  he can take care of things and he  s got the opportunities to do so . but he chooses not to . it  s a conscious choice he makes  when he chooses to not play with his kids  not go shopping because he doesn  t want to buy  lady products  and it  s a choice he makes  when he puts down his relatives .  br    br   the other characters seems to only be in the series so jim can have someone to be a jerk to . if the cheryl character was a real person  she would have left him years ago  and not stay with the deadbeat for  years . but alas  she  s just a catalyst for jim  s quirky middle  class extreme selfishness .  
as a young black  latina woman i am always searching for movies that represent the experiences and lives of people like me . of course when i saw this movie at the video store i thought i would enjoy it unfortunately  i didn  t . although the topics presented in the film are interesting and relevant  the story was simply not properly developed . the movie just kept dragging on and on and many of the characters that appear on screen just come and go without much to contribute to the overall film . had the director done a better job interconnecting the scenes  perhaps i would have enjoyed it a bit more . honestly  i would recommend a film like  raising victor  over this one any day . i just was not too impressed .  
you need to watch this show once to have seen them all  the formula is exactly the same in each episode . jim does something his way he means well but he upsets his wife  at the end she finds out that what he did was really for her  she caresses his cheek and gives a gummy smile while he looks on bashfully . in fact the story lines are so lame and formulaic that i  ll take a stab at one now .  br    br   episode  valentines pay   br    br   jims wife notices that all of jims weekly pay has disappeared  he then explains to her he lost it at the casino . she screams and leaves the house lamenting how awful he is . then on valentines day he turns up in a limo with tickets to a ball  hence explaining the missing wages  . she realizes  her  mistake and the usual  oh jim  you  re so lovely  . . . the end  br    br   another very obvious item is the fact that jims character is based on homer simpson who as a cartoon character can get away with being belligerent and ignorant  when this is attempted with human beings it does not work and jim just comes over as an arrogant self centered jerk .  br    br   imo the only reason that this is successful is simply because we  re so many now in terms of human beings with tvs  these days you could make a show about a man who insulates walls and you  d get an audience .  br    br    two and a half men  on the other hand is fantastic and hilarious .  
the show is average . it doesn  t make me laugh particularly . however  i think courtney really brings it down . she doesn  t look natural . she has these three ways to talk  all robotic . she talks quietly  with no intonation   she talks normally  with no intonation   or she does that thing where she starts talking normally  and starts yelling gradually . however  her yelling is like  let  s pretend i  m yelling because i shouldn  t be too loud on the set  .  br    br   she is constantly aware of herself being this cute actress doing this funny thing . it  s annoying . you can  t really get her personality  because she doesn  t really produce emotion  and doesn  t get upset . she has this husband  who  s doing all these stupid things  and there is no reaction from her . very dry and plain acting .  
i wish i could say that this show was unusual in it  s banality  but it is usual in every way . it has the dumb husband  his smarter but boring and conventional wife  along with the idiotic sidekick for  comic  relief  it sorely needs it . stale predictable jokes  with even more predictable reactions from the laughtrack  punctuate this noxious mental narcotic  s nauseatingly unimaginative plot lines to leave me either physically ill  or in a deep sleep more resembling that of an induced coma . but it might be on for a while yet because it gives the average american a personage to which they can truly identify . a  regular  guy just like you and me . i live in the southern u . s  so to me this show is just the opposite of escapism . down here  that obnoxious character is everywhere  in some form or another . seeing him on television is brutal overkill .  
this is certainly the worst movie i ever saw  the beginning is somewhat good  but the end  i still don  t even get it  magical power     years later  goddess  dancing what the f is that about    the acting is somewhat not so bad . . but some place i could do better for sure   
shown in australia as  hydrosphere   this incredibly bad movie is so bad that you become hypnotised and have to watch it to the end  just to see if it could get any worse . . . and it does  the storyline is so predictable it seems written by a high school dramatics class  the sets are pathetic but marginally better than the miniatures  and the acting is wooden .  br    br   the infant  muppet  seems to have been stolen from the props cupboard of  total recall  . there didn  t seem to be a single  original idea in the whole movie .  br    br   i found this movie to be so bad that i laughed most of the way through .  br    br   malcolm mcdowell should hang his head in shame . he obviously needed the money   
this movie is absolutely pointless  one of the good esamples how malcom mcdowall never got one decent role after clockwork orange . this one may be one of the worst though . no story  crappy special effects  shot in     or even worse cropped on dvd  just avoid it . . . .  
this is probably one of the worst movies ever made . bad acting  bad special effects  bad plot  bad everything . in the last   minutes a cat suited  cyborg is introduced which muddles everything . malcom macdowell must have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he would have had to sell himself on hollywood blvd to pay the bill . i just don  t know how you can go from clockwork orange to this crap and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning . i could have done better special effects in my bathtub . there  s no continuity . the editor must have been asleep or on drugs its so bad . acting . do they have to smoke to be bad .  the gun either shoots blue flames or bullets  make up your mind . the bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is confusing . whay is it called     seadly wake . it has nothing to do with the movie  
there are two reasons why i did not give a  to this movie . one reason are some of the actors  like malcolm mcdowell and gwynyth walsh  work  who tried to play at their usually good level of acting . however at many scenes they were somehow blocked by the bad scripting .  br    br   the other reason is the cool idea and looking of the cyborg  which is quite different to most other such roles i  ve seen so far .  br    br   everything else in this movie is as bad as it can be . boring scenes  useless and boring dialogs  bad script work . and it seemed as it was the first movie ever for many actors . it could have been an interesting story though  but they failed completely .  
malcolm mcdowell has not had too many good movies lately and this is no different . especially designed for people who like yellow filters on their movies .  
if mr cranky had rated this  i  d be tempted just to copy his review and paste it here . but as he hasn  t  i  ll have to give it a go myself .  br    br   the only thing giving this movie a  instead of a  is that malcolm mcdowall  s acting is excellent . however not even he can save this film from disaster . the director must have been really distracted when he worked on this one because it is just a conglomeration of scenes that were thrown together with very little continuity  reminiscent of bad     s movies . even worse  both the actors and director appeared to be making it up as they went along which probably showed how bad the original script was .  br    br   it  s not even worth discussing the story line although it revolves around a futuristic corporation called the proxate corporation who put together a crew of dispensable people to carry a dangerous cargo on an old container  slave ship to nigeria . this ship  s computer is a baby kept in a glass jar and wired into one of the crew via usb   or something . the company should have been called the prostate corporation as the entertainment value of this movie is on a par with an examination of the same name .  br    br   i honestly can  t find one scene that i could say was well made and made any real sense in the context of the movie . i only watched it to the end as i had a touch of the bird flu and this movie reminded me that there were people out there who were actually worse off than me  malcolm mcdowall in particular . i won  t hold this against him as he  s a great actor and every great actor is entitled to one bad movie in their career and this one is a doosie .  br    br   so  unless this is the only movie your shop hires out or you  re male and you  re doctor isn  t doing prostate examinations this week and you somehow feel this is a bad thing then give this one a really wide berth unless of course if you  re really community minded  buy a copy to support malcolm and then use it as a drink coaster .  
this is one of the worst  written movies i  ve ever had to sit through .  br    br   the story  s nothing new   but it  s a cartoon  so who cares  as long as it  s pretty and fun   br    br   i  m not going to go as deep as the characterisations  or i  ll be here all day  except to say that there aren  t any the characters change personality whenever it  s convenient to the plot   but whoever wrote the script and visual direction should be forbidden access to so much as pencil and paper . thumbs down  i  d vote to cut their thumbs off .  br    br    narrow in on an object  prop . cut back to character close  up . character gives a knowing look  which the audience will not even remotely understand . repeat that several times  with different objects  props .   br    br    make the characters pay no attention at all the huge lumps of rock are floating around  crashing into each other  generally raining destruction all over  and which could kill them all at any moment   but make them stop and gasp in fear when they see a harmless  looking  almost pastoral green rock in the distance .   br    br   the whole thing is a long succession of events  actions  and behaviour that are only there for the convenience of the writer  to save him having to think or make any effort at all to write the story properly .  br    br   this is the plan  of cg cartoons  except that it doesn  t have ed wood groan factor to make it fun to watch .  br    br   do yourselves a favour spend your cartoon budget on pixar movies .  
terrible use of scene cuts . all continuity is lost  either by awful scripting or lethargic direction . that villainous robot . . . musta been a jazz dancer  also  one of the worst sound tracks i  ve ever heard  monologues usually drowned out by music .  and . . . where  d they get their props  that ship looks like a milk carton . . . i did better special effects on  mm at the age of     br    br   i  d recommend any film student should watch this flick   minutes at a time  so as to learn how not to produce a film . or . . . was it the editors  fault   br    br   it  s really too bad  because the scenario was actually a good concept . . . just poorly executed all the way around .  sorry malcom . you should have sent a  stunt double  . you  re too good an actor for such a stink  bomb .   
a terrible movie containing a bevy of d  list canadian actors who seem so self  conscious about the fact they are on  camera that their performances are overly melodramatic and quite forgettable .  br    br   this film is badly written  badly edited  and badly directed . it is disjointed  incomprehensible and bizarre  but not in a good way . mcdowell does a great job with what he is given  but is the only one in this film to do so  he really has a bad story and script to work with . it  s not even camp enough to be funny .  br    br   i have yet to see van pelleske act in a credible manner  and even the sub  characters like eisen  with his nasal  whiny voice  confirm that we are on a lot in toronto rather than on a barge off africa .  br    br   didn  t the director see that the  creature  looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit  the fight between the blue bolts of lightning and pelleske  s orange wisps of  magic      for lack of a better word   is obviously the result of bad actors  with no choreographer  overlaid with completely derivative special effects . was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this disaster film  not the good kind    br    br   learn from the mistakes of others . . . don  t even waste your time with this one  you  ll regret it like i did . i have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid .  
the deadly wake is the perfect movie for film students . . . to learn how not to make a film   br    br   let  s see . . . what did the crew mess up in this flick  worst music mix worst editing worst script worst all  time directing worst acting worst choreography worst cinematography worst props worst sets worst lighting etc . let  s face it  if this  film  had been in ultra  high contrast black  and  white  and silent . . . it still would have been awful . all scenes are dark  lighting people call it  black    often  the music score drowned out the meandering dialogs  which was ok because nobody ever spoke two whole sentences without long pauses for effect . the  evil  robot was hilarious . . . what was that  jazz dancing  oh . . . i guess it was supposed to be walking tactically or something . i  m sure it struck fear into the hearts . . . of the poor editors . and  how do you edit so much footage of garbage  not possible . garbage is garbage  no matter how you splice it . how did anyone ever get this thru the dailys     br    br   bottom line is  i couldn  t stand to watch more than    minute segments  it was so bad . . . but i did see the whole thing  with lotsa breaks  just to see if it had any good parts in it at all . nope  none   br    br   a perfect example of how not to make a flick . . . a must see for every serious film student     
this is one of those  so bad it is good  films that you always hear about but never see  unlike troma films which are deliberately bad and campy  and i am not amused  this one is     pure serious .  br    br   however with features such as a supposedly super  lethal killer robot that prances about like one of the solid gold dancers on an acid trip and a magical first mate that calls down lightning and transforms into the good witch of the east the fact that it takes itself seriously pushes it so far over the edge of bad that makes it full circle around back to entertaining .  br    br   watcheable enough because of that .  
i find it heart  warming and inspiring that the writing team behind such hopelessly mainstream hollywood movies like indiana jones and the temple of doom  american graffiti and howard the duck would begin their career with a low  budget exploitation horror film like this . perhaps as a testament to the talent that would earn willard hyuck and gloria katz an oscar nomination later in their respective careers  messiah of evil has potential  but sadly becomes frustrating exactly because it can  t muster the film  making prowess to pull it off .  br    br   the premise involves a young girl who travels to a small coastal town in search for her painter father who went missing a while back . it doesn  t take long for the fragmented narrative to abandon all hope and dive headlong in disjointed absurdity  and for a while it works admirably well to the point where you begin thinking that maybe messiah of evil needs to be reclaimed from the schlocky gutter of    s exploitation as an example of artful mystery horror .  br    br   the surreal non  sequiturs keep piling on as the daughter stumbles upon a young couple in a seedy hotel room who are in town to conduct a research on the local legend of the  blood moon   a scruffy and half  mad alcoholic  played by the great elisha cook jr . in perhaps the best scene of the movie  who warns her about her father only to be reportedly found dead in an alley  eaten by dogs  a little later  the blind old lady that owns the local art gallery and who has inexplicably removed all of her father  s paintings from the shop and last but not least a retarded  murderous  squirrel  eating albino .  br    br   part of the movie  s charm is precisely this brand of bargain  basement artsy surrealism that defies logic and genre conventions every step of the way . whereas with lynch it is obviously the mark of a talented creator  with messiah of evil the boundaries between the  intentional   the  unintentional  and the  didn  t really expect it to come out this way but it  s good enough  wrap scene  blur hopelessly .  br    br   take for example the double narration that flows in and out of the picture in a drug  addled  feverish  stream  of  consciousness way  one coming from the daughter as she wanders from place to place in search for her father  and the other narrated by her father  s voice as she reads his diary .  br    br   while we  re still talking about a  living dead  picture  messiah of evil is different and only loosely one  at least with current preconceptions of what a zombie movie is supposed to be . the origin of the living dead here is a    year old curse  bestowed upon the town by a mysterious  dark stranger  who came from the woods one day . in the meantime hyuck finds time for snippets of mass  consumption criticism in a flesh  eating supermarket scene that predates dawn of the dead by a good number of years  you can hear the mst  k line already  man is dead  only his capitalist food tins remain   and a nicely thought but poorly executed similar scene in a movie theater .  br    br   i generally think that the surreal works in careful  well measured doses  how is the absurd to work if it  s not hidden within the perfectly normal  hyuck seems to just smear it all over the picture and by doing so dangerously overplays his hand . when the albino for example picks up a girl hitching her way to town and eats a squirrel in front of her  you can almost imagine the director winking meaningfully at the audience  amused and satisfied with his own hijinks .  br    br   the general film  making level is also pretty low  after the half  way mark  the pace becomes muddled and the story tiresome and evidently going nowhere and not particularly fast either . add to that the choppy editing  average acting and hyuck  s general inability to capture true atmosphere  the empty streets of coastal town are criminally misused  and i  d file messiah under  missed opportunity  but still grindhouse afficionados will find enough to appreciate  even though it  s not particularly gory  trashy or sleazy .  
i just watched this movie in high definition on television . i am in a wheelchair due to a neuromuscular disorder and like to watch the few films made about those with physical disabilities .  br    br   at first i found the main character somewhat noble and captivating . his message about the disabled and the life time he spent fighting to have the disabled recognized and integrated into mainstream society  s job market is great . and my problem isn  t with the real person who did these things . he was a great man . but this film is completely hypocritical and diametrically opposed to the very message it is preaching  that i found it insulting .  br    br   first of all  they didn  t cast anyone in a title role with an actual physical disability . sure they were competent actors  but it seems completely dis genuine to preach about hiring the disabled and then not actually hiring the disabled for anything in the film . further compounded by the fact that in one scene mid way through the film a man is seen walking to a podium on crutches  appearing to have only one leg . but the cgi in this scene is so apparent it is shameful . what  they couldn  t find an actual amputee anywhere for the film  for a  second shot it was more financially sound to do cgi effects than to just hire an actual amputee  at that point in the film i found it so fraudulent and completely against the message it was trying to convey that i came here to bitch and whine about it like the pathetic cripple i am .  br    br   figure that out .  
i was so disappointed in this movie . i don  t know much about the true story  so i was eager to see it play out on film and educate myself about a little slice of history . with such a powerful true story and great actors it seemed like a surefire combination . well  somewhere the screenplay failed them . it was so scattered  is this movie about his childhood  his love life  his own disability  his speaking ability  his passion for the disabled  i  m sure there is a way to incorporate all of those things into a good story  but this movie wasn  t it . i was left cold watching characters that were unlikable not because of their disabilities  but because of their personalities . other small gripes  . the heavy  handed soundtrack . it  s the seventies  we get it already   . if he  s such a phenomenal public speaker  why weren  t we treated to more than a snippet here and there  and even then mostly in montages   
what about dahmer  s childhood   the double hernia operation which is believed to have sparked off his obsession with the inner workings of the human body  what about  infinity land    the game he invented as a child which involved stick men being annihilated when they came too close to one another  suggesting that intimacy was the ultimate danger . what about the relationship between his parents  and the emotional problems of his mother that were far more relevant than just his own relationship with his father  his feelings of neglect when his brother was born  what about his fascination with insects and animals  how he would dissect roadkill and hang it up in the woods behind his home  what about focusing more on his cannibalism  and what about his parent  s divorce  these are all things that should have been included in the film . instead the film maker chose to give us a watered down  snapshot  from a night or two in his life  and combine it with series of confusing and at times unnecessary flashbacks  to events that weren  t even particularly relevant to our understanding of dahmer .  br    br   why didn  t the film maker show how dahmer was interested in people as objects rather than people  he could have made this point many times  particularly in the scenes in which he drugs his victims whilst he has sex with them  which actually took place in a health club  not a night club  . instead he just shows him ramming away at them from behind .  br    br   whilst i appreciate there is only so much information you can cram into   minutes  or however long   but why spend such a large part of the film examining his relationship with luis pinet   known as rodney in this film  . my only guess is that the director was trying to build up pinet  s character  to try and make us fear for or empathise with him  but this film is supposed to be about jeffrey dahmer  so why couldn  t he have spend those forty five minutes on something else  if the scene and their relationship was important enough to warrant such time then fair enough  but it wasn  t . the scene in which he kills steven hicks  his first victim  is a vital part of the jeffrey dahmer story because it was the first killing  and because of the effect that killing had on the rest of his life . unfortunately the film doesn  t explain that it was his first killing  or that he didn  t kill again for nine years . we assume  because his hair style is different  and he is wearing glasses that this is a flashback  but to when  and why   br    br   what about the shrine he made in his sitting room towards the end of his career   one of the most important clues we have towards understanding dahmer and his motivations . .  br    br   some people may find my need for accuracy in fact and detail a bit anal  but having studied jeffrey dahmer in depth  it is plain to see that this film has very little in common with the person he was and the crimes he committed . why bother to spend the time making a film loosely based on jeffrey dahmer rather than tackle the real issues behind his descent into madness and the carnage that ensued   br    br   finally  a film with subject matter as repellent as this should carry an   certificate  not a   . we needed to see his perversion in more depth  to understand just how detached he was from the rest of us . that doesn  t mean showing the drill actually entering konerak sinthasomphone  s head for instance  but at least an indication of the amount of people he killed  and what his modus operandi was when actually killing . anyone watching this film who doesn  t know the story of dahmer might come away thinking he had only killed a few people . he actually killed seventeen men .  br    br   aside from the facts and lack of depth  the film isn  t all bad . there is some nice cinematography  and good performances from the two main characters . i  d like to see this done again by a film maker who has more knowledge  more energy  and a better reason for making the film in the first place .  
disappointing and undeniably dull true  crime movie that has poorly cast character actor jeremy renner languidly mumbling his way through the title role of jeffrey dahmer  who was easily one of the last century  s most recognizable degenerates  serial killers . released straight  to  video back in early       dahmer  is an overtly talky  boring  badly acted and virtually bloodless snore  fest of a true  crime drama that never truly delves into the monstrous and demented psyche of the late mass murderer like it had the perfectly good potential to do  what it does  however  attempt to do for reasons unknown to me is evoke some sort of sympathy in the viewer for the man by portraying him out to be what is ultimately a lonely  nebbishy and severely socially inept homosexual loser who was simply lookin  for love in all the wrong places as opposed to the cold  calculating and depraved sicko and madman that he was  overall       s  dahmer  is one that true  crime buffs everywhere might as well skip because i  m not kidding when i say that it  s one of the worst serial  killer biopics ever done  it  s even sorrier than other pathetic and exploitive straight  to  video trash like  gacy    bundy    ed gein  and  the night stalker    turkey  zero stars   
  dahmer  is an interesting film although i wouldn  t use  horror  or  thriller  do describe it . it  s more a minor character study that seems oddly sympathetic of the killer .  br    br   jeremy renner portrays serial killer jeffrey dahmer  who drugged  murdered and dismembered his male victims . the film centers on the relationship between dahmer and  rodney   well  played by artel kayru .  br    br   rodney is almost the more interesting character enamored of dahmer and having once escaped an attack  he returns to dahmer for sex and survives a second attack .  br    br   i think the film is disjointed because it does little to portray dahmer  s formative years  how events may have created the human monster we see on screen and offers no insight into dahmer  s belief that he could create sexual zombies of his victims .  br    br   the roles are well played but the story is thin .  
oh my . how can they make movies of such beauty  but that are so terribly bad . i mean  even uwe boll doesn  t make crap like this . there is not even a hint of a decent story  multi  layered characters  or attraction . it  s just a random sequence of pointless chatter joined together to make a  movie  . i suppose only children up to  years of age could enjoy it  given the world is so utterly dimensionless and the story so incoherent  that anyone older would be annoyed by it . but then again  it  s far too scary for anyone under  years of age  that there  s probably no one that should watch this movie at all .  br    br   take my advice and stay far  far away from this movie . your little daughter can make a better storyline  and though she probably isn  t able to draw pictures this pretty  her tales are much more worth listening to . and please  in the name of whoever you believe in  do not expose your children to this piece of  . i  ll give it  out of    and that  s exclusively for the graphics  because the story and character development are so awful they  d deserve a negative rating .  br    br   and if you decide to watch it anyways . . . remember that i warned you .  
it could have been a morbidly fascinating look at the life of one of america  s most notorious serial killers  but sadly it doesn  t even come close . terrible editing  direction  bad acting  you name it . this movie is literally about   minutes of plot stretched into    . the only redeeming quality is bruce davidson as the father  but that  s not nearly enough to save this stinker . a  out of   .  
curiosity led me to this  masterpiece  . unfortunately  i didn  t rent it  i bought it  the most disturbing thing about this film is that it  s not so disturbing . for reasons known only to them  the makers of this film set out to show the human side of jeffry dahmer . are you kidding me  the man gave new meaning to the term  finger lickin  good   and with all the flash  backs and flash  forwards i had trouble following the story . all in all jeremy renner  s performance wasn  t too bad . you can catch him in  s . w . a . t .   in which he plays a disgruntled ex  cop . anyway  i would rate this as a     . it only got a  because of renner  s so  so performance . there are plenty of books and tv documentaries out there that do a much better job of covering dahmer  s crimes . avoid this one .  
way to go ace  you just made a chilling  grossly intriguing story of a necrophiliac cannibal into a soft  mellow  drama . obviously a movie called dahmer would be one of two kinds horror  or documentary right  this was neither . it wasn  t close to any detailed facts   in fact it barely had any substance at all  it wasn  t really morbid or scary or didn  t even try to be very disturbing .  as if you would  ve had to try    what the hell was this writer  director thinking   here  s one of the most real examples of sick serial killers ever and we get badly shot  poorly acted gay bar roofie rapes and lengthy droning flashbacks to alone time in his old parent  s house . i think jacobson was actually trying to present  or invent   the soft side  of j . dahmer .  
i do have the guts  to inform you to please stay away from dahmer   the biographical film based on the real  life story of the grotesque serial killer . dahmer  strays more in relation to the mentality of its focused subject . jeffrey dahmer  who murdered over   young males and ate some of their body parts  was probably the most incongruous serial killer of our generation . however  the real sick individuals are the filmmakers of this awful spectacle who should have had their heads examined before deciding to greenlight this awful dahm  project . this is not an easy film to digest  even though jeffrey would have easily digested it with some fiery brainsadillas  appetizers or even some real  life mr . potato skins  .  failure  
well  it is hard to add comment after reading what is already here but i feel i must say something . i wasn  t exactly looking for  a splatterfest  as someone puts it or even  blood and guts  gore  . i have some respect for the victims relatives although i really felt the filmaker didn  t .  they were nameless  faceless and meaningless . just a vessel for dahmers sexual antics .  br    br   i watched this film with the kind of morbid curiosity that makes me think  what makes a guy be a serial killer   as well as wondering the specifics about the dahmer story  of which i know very little . people here seem to think that the movie didn  t have to cover the events of the dahmer story . . i . e . his history  what happened when he got caught  the aftermath  etc but it is important  you see  i assume if you are american you will know all of this . we do not all live in america . to tell this story about such a man as he obviously was  requires that at least some of the history and actual events are told  shown . this doesn  t mean blood and guts  there are ways of showing horrific things in a movie by implication or clever filming without resorting to gore . without even touching upon some of what he did  i found out more about him reading the user comments on this site    the movie felt like a void . a moment in time with very little substance . i would like to know if there is a film about the real dahmer because with its lack of direction  very slow pace that never changes  strange portrayal of homosexuality and the very unfortunate lack of any attempt at an ending  this movie is poor . i would not recommend to anyone that they waste the time it takes to watch it . a definite  out of    for the acting    
this movie had so much potential . anyone who followed the story of jeffrey knows that there are so many details overlooked in this movie it  s ridiculous . too much time and effort was spent in the movie on dahmer  s homosexual tendencies and his alcohol consumption . where was the character development  the origins of any villain are always interesting and dahmer was no exception . where in the movie does it address his adolescence when he began killing and mutilating small animals  instead we are giving a dizzying array of flashbacks that seek to explain the origin of the killer  but fail to address the major point in dahmer  s development . also  the reason why the country became so intrigued with this story was the details  how he stored the bodies in his apartment and the lengths and measures he went to to accomplish this his cannibalism and his desire for flesh  etc . i could go on  but to sum up  too many lagging points in the film  focused on his sexuality and not enough of the gore  the good stuff you would expect to see when the title of the movie is  dahmer .   
prior to watching  dahmer   i thought no movie could be worse than  freddy got fingered .  i was wrong . to sum  dahmer  up  it  s a story about a gay serial killer which features almost no killing and almost entirely consists of dahmer  s encounters with gay men before they were killed . there is no plot to be found  and it serves no purpose as far as telling us anything about  dahmer .  all you  ll learn about dahmer from watching this movie is that he liked to have sex with men . horrible acting  horrible directing  horrible writing  horrible everything . . . if you have to choose between watching  dahmer  and projectile vomiting for three hours  go with the vomiting . . . . it wll be less painful . . . . .  
i  m a big fan of the true crime genre  but i couldn  t sit through this putrid piece . it was almost as if dahmer was intended as erotica  down to the porn  flic soundtrack . there was no look at what made dahmer tick  no exploration of who his victims were . nothing but  look at how creepy this guy is .  and i have to give the filmmakers this much   their dahmer is the creepiest thing ever to disgrace the screen .  
dahmer  a young confused man . dahmer  a confusing movie . granted  i had a few beers while watching the movie  but that doesn  t explain why i got so bored by this flick .  br    br   its flashbacks are nothing but confusing and annoying  and there  s no real storyline with a beginning and an end  the only thing that made sense in the movie was the explaining text in the beginning and at the very end of the movie . the inbetween stuff  which would be the movie  is just boring images and a waste of time .  br    br   we never see actual murders  everything is just a bunch of insinuations . sometimes you even just get a feeling that dahmer  s dreaming the entire thing  but you know he isn  t  since it  s  br    br   based on a true story and this actually happened  at least most of it . but what happened  it  s not easy to tell .  br    br   i do not encourage people to waste time on this movie . i  br    br   didn  t like it one bit and i felt cheated when it suddenly ended .  br    br       
i really felt cheated after seeing this picture . it felt like i sat watching this movie    minutes for nothing . i don  t understand what they were thinking when they made this . it hardly gets into jeffrey dahmer murdering and it has no ending . it felt almost like they were leaving this movie open for a sequel . it was like watching a television episode of the sopranos . it ends suddenly  and you know there  s going to be another episode next week . it also felt like i just watched part  to a two part movie . there are many possibilities for what went wrong here they got lazy  they ran out of money  they didn  t know the rest of the story  they wanted to make a dahmer  . after seeing this movie they all sound very accurate . i was watching jeffrey dahmer walking through the woods . all of a sudden i hear this music playing  then writing comes on the screen and says how dahmer served  years of his sentence and was attacked by a fellow inmate and killed at the age of   . wow  he goes from a walk in the woods to his death in jail . how about showing how he got there . how about showing dahmer  s trial . how about showing some more detail . i can  t even explain what happened in this movie because it jumped all over the place . i actually found myself saying in disbelief   that  s it  that  s the end   i want to conclude this review by saying there is still a good dahmer movie yet to be made . to the filmmakers i  d like to say  if you  re going to do it  do it right .  
don  t waste your time on this dreck . as portrayed  the characters have no redeeming values and watching them interact is sheer torture .  gothic  was entertainment at least  this is crap . if you like watching pretentious and spoiled poets straining to outwit each other  this may be right up your alley . lord byron is portrayed as a complete jerk  and why the others would choose to spend more than five minutes with him is truly bewildering . mary shelly appears to be the only character with any spine whatsoever  but even she comes out of the whole ordeal without an ounce of respect . what a waste of time . see gothic instead . i also remember seeing another superior movie based on the same subject matter  but didn  t catch the title . i was hoping this was it  but no such luck . not recommended .  
this was a truly bad film . the character  cole  played by michael moriarty was the biggest reason this flopped  the actor felt that conjuring up an unbelievably awkward southern drawl would make this character more evil  it didn  t . after about   minutes i had wished for a speech therapist to make an appearance  this would have added some sincerity .  br    br      badly acted    unsympathetic characters    razor thin plot line  br    br   yuck   br    br    
the various nudity scenes that other reviewers referred to are poorly done and a body double was obviously used . if ms . pacula was reluctant to do the scenes herself perhaps she should have turned down the role offer .  br    br   otherwise the movie was not any worse than other typical canadian movies . as other reviewers have pointed out canadian movies are generally poorly written and lack entertainment value  which is what most movies watchers are hoping to get . perhaps canadian movie producers are consciously trying to  de  commercialize  their movies but they have forgotten a very important thing  movies by definition are a commercial thing . . . .  
saw in on tv late last night . yeah  i can hear what y  all say about this one . it is likely to be categorized as one of those stereo  typical tv soap series . in all fairness  the story line does have a fine twist to it  and you might nod saying   well  that  s not what i expected .  but  as a film  well it is not easy to spot a redeeming element . casting  acting  camera work  cars  costume  setting  script  no  there  s nothing to congratulate . rated r   oh  that scene . did we need it  this is a film that you can watch it and then forget that you even watched . and what was the title again   
this is awesomely bad and awesomely embarassing for a canadian . we grow good wine . our writers and poets are among the world  s best . the national ballet is rated among the top five companies in the world . but we make bloody awful movies  this one isn  t especially bad . it  s especially typical and typically bad  shot in two bit hotels and public parks with thin direction  high school level acting and  gee whiz . . . lets see what this button on the camera does    photography . if michael moriarity was so intent on doing a jack nicholson impersonation  couldn  t he at least have done a good jack nicholson impersonation  and if the movie was shot in vancouver  truly one of the loveliest cities on earth and also a centre of yacht building  part of the  plot   why in god  s name do we let that endemic canadian inferiority complex dictate that it be disguised as seattle    not only am i mad about this film  i  m embarassed and more than a little ashamed . the australians turn out some splendid stuff . we produce pretentious second rate piffle . gawd       
taped this late night movie when i was in grade    watched it on fast forward . i sugest you do the same . i though it would be and action film  but went to a cort tv type movie . in the end it fits in with the early    s social activest type films . glad i missed that era .      
once upon a time there was a science fiction author named h . beam piper who wrote a classic book named  little fuzzy  which was about a man discovering a race of adorable little fuzzy humanoids on another planet . mr . piper died in      but hollywood and many of today  s authors starting looting his grave before his cadaver got cold . this is the book where they got the idea for ewoks from .  br    br   skullduggery is such a blatant ripoff of  little fuzzy  i can wonder why i  m the only who  s ever noticed   br    br   but don  t take my word for it . here  s a link to project guntenberg where you can download a copy of  little fuzzy  for free http   www . gutenberg . org  ebooks        
skullduggery is a strange  strange film based on the novel  ye shall know them  by vercors . to unleash criticism at the film feels really unkind  since it is a movie that deals with earnest themes like humanity  and pleas for upright moral standards and tolerance . but in spite of its honourable intentions and its well  meaning tone  skullduggery simply isn  t a very good film . for me  the main problem is the terribly disjointed narrative which can  t make its mind up how best to convey its message . the first half of the movie is like watching a standard jungle expedition flick of the tarzan ilk later it teeters into sci  fi fable by the end it slips into courtroom melodramatics . the differences in tone between each section of the movie are too great  too jarring  to overlook . they stick out like a sore thumb and remind you constantly that you  re watching a muddled  disorganised movie .  br    br   an archaeological expedition into the jungles of new guinea is led by adventurer douglas temple  burt reynolds  . one of the main archaeologists involved in the excursion is attractive lady scientist dr sybil greame  susan clark  . after an arduous trek they stumble upon a tribe of strange ape  like creatures . these primitive  long  lost people are covered in hair and have survived for centuries without being in any way touched or influenced by the developments of modern man . there is some evidence that they may the ancestors of early man  the  missing link  in the evolution of apes into humans . or perhaps a race of humans who simply look and behave differently from usual  or even a race of animals that have begun to develop human characteristics  the archaeologists call the tribe  the tropi  and are initially thrilled by the implications of their discovery . but things take a devastating turn when nasty opportunist vancruysen  paul hubschmid  declares his intention to exploit the tribe and their idyll on behalf of developers . he questions whether the tropi are truly  human  and takes his argument to the courts  where he hopes to be granted legal backing so that his own greedy ambitions can be continued .  br    br   this was a very early film in reynolds  career  and he actually unbalances this movie by acting like he  s in a comedy while the rest of the cast take it all very seriously . not that reynolds can be blamed  he has an impossible role  asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs in a tarzan flick . his character and the film are not relevant to each other . clark fares much better as the earnest lady archaeologist  and there are nice supporting roles for british actors edward fox  alexander knox and wilfrid hyde  white . a major shortcoming in skullduggery is the lame and ineffective make  up used to give the tropi their strange hairy appearance . rather than making the actors look like believable hominoids  the stuck  on hair merely makes them look unintentionally comical . and that  s just not the right idea . we  re meant to feel great sympathy for these creatures  but that  s awfully hard when they look so unconvincing . skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that could have been poignant  philosophical and stimulating . the honourable intentions are there for all to see  but the end result doesn  t do them justice . a worthy failure it might be but a failure nonetheless .  
the only reason i elected to give this flick a shot was due to the presence of oscar winner ernest borgnine . all i can say is  it was the greatest waste of a good actor ever put to film . as far as i could tell  borgnine was the only actor in it . the other performances were so uniformly terrible  i am amazed a studio would actually pay the  performers  to appear . couple this level of talent in the acting department with a story so plodding and insipid that i thought my eyes were going to start bleeding by the time the credits rolled  and you have a perfect cinematic disaster . obviously the movie was made to appeal to an audience of children  and to its credit  it was better than most of the original programing on the disney channel and similar kid  focused networks . but honestly  that is not saying much .  
honestly  where can i begin  this was a low budget  horribly acted film  it was so cheesy it had us all bursting with laughter to how completely retarded it was  the sword fighting scenes weren  t even sword fights  they were playing around with some plastic swords they bought at wal  mart and all they were doing was just moaning to try and make it look like they were struggling   me and my family was in the mood for a really good action movie one day  so we decided to go to the store and look for one  and there it was the sawtooth island movie . i mean it looked so great but when we watched it at home i practically died after the first scene .  br    br   oh and the plot of the film  the story board  the script  etc . . was a bunch of garbage that i don  t even know why the director and producer even wasted their time making it   but if you happen to stumble upon this movie . . do not get it       
over several years of looking for half  decent films to rent for my kids  i  ve developed a sixth  sense for spotting the really cheesy  direct  to  video efforts that are really painful to sit through  for anyone over the age of eight  . i dropped the ball on this one and the kids spent half the movie asking me  what did she say that for   and  why did he do that   and my eyes got sore from rolling them every minute or so as characters did a really bad job of introducing seemingly random plot changes . and the next time someone decides that having absolutely no skill with a sword is simply  bringing realism  to a film  please run them through with a dull butter knife .  prehysteria   was head and shoulders above this . arrgh .  
i read the back of the box and it talked about mary shelley and percy shelley and lord byron . i thought   wonderful  this will be great   i was so wrong . the story was all screwed up . in fact i still don  t get it . it just seems to me that all the characters did was drink  smoke  opium   and have sex . not that those aren  t good movie qualities  but please  where was the story  i made myself finish the movie  and yes  it did pick up towards the end  but by then the movie was almost over . rent it if you really want to . just don  t trust the back of the box .  
you gotta love the cheesy low budget movies . this one comes complete with bad effects  props and bad acting  really bad  . plus  every time i see mercedes mcnab  the sister  i keep thinking  watch out  she  s a vamp    for those that know buffy  angel .  br    br   a perfect example of what happens when someone with bad taste and wants to waste money making a flick  the little that was spent of course . i don  t know if i feel more sorry for the writer of the movie or the producer who didn  t make back any money .  br    br   i  d say it  s good for little kids in it  s simplicity  but i don  t know if i  d want to subject a kid to it . . .  br    br   umm . . .     because that  s the lowest it will go .  
while the overall idea of escape from atlantis was intriguing  i found the film to be far less than what i had hoped for upon reading the plot summery . perhaps i am too much of a child in the technological age the movie was made  as it is now      an official five years ago   after viewing fantasy epics such as lord of the rings  and science fiction feats like star wars  as a whole it could not compare to other movies of similar line such as dinotopia or homer  s the odyssey .  br    br   my beef  basically  is that i couldn  t relate   i am just about the same age of the children  a young adult   and have no trouble putting myself in the place of a middle  aged man if that is the character available . but the picture did not take me to a different mental plain of existence . i didn  t find myself saying  ack  i would have done the same thing   . it did not open the doors to my imagination . even without comparing it to high  budget films or other tv movies  standing alone  certain aspects of the feature i found to be cliche the character development in the children occurred too rapidly for my liking  seeing too much of the stereotypical selfish  teenager  bitter  after  divorce image changing into the we  re  a  big  happy  family  let  s  never  separate  again feel that can ultimately make or break a picture in the long run . even the characters themselves could have undergone improvement a typical set of one or the other stereotypes . there was the ever  present selfish beauty looking to be rebellious  accompanied by mr . perfect image of combining athletics  good looks and intelligence yet a brooding attitude  and lastly the smart  aleck little brother we find to be so common these days . while i know the personalities pushed the story along  i think that adding more individuality as far as nuances and more unique differences would have made it a more enjoyable   and believable  as far as character    movie .  br    br   i do have to raise my glass to the costume and set design   that made it worth finishing to the end for me . don  t get me wrong all movies are worth seeing for yourself  and the opinion of one could never account for the opinion of many  but i think that with a little more depth to the script  and a little more  i cannot believe i am saying this  realness i dare say escape from atlantis could have been magical .  
i know it  s a power  rangers gimmick and catered to  year olds but really why were they taking themselves seriously with this movie  if they are going to write a plot with crayons  at least have the decency to make it silly . it  s kind of hilarious if you watch this . we have a typical family filled with cliched characters  father a war veteran who lost his wife and blames himself lolol   air  head children trying to hard to fill the stereotype but fails with horrendous acting  and a laughably horrid sidekick who serves no purpose to the movie but to fill camera space . funny stuff   br    br   however  the real great moment comes near the end when war  dad and bad  acting  villain try to work a sword fight  but then they realize none of them know how to  probably because no room in budget for choreographers   so they come up with this american gladiator type setting to run around in . lol .  br    br       rating because they try to treat this seriously .  
this film was on late at night when i saw it . it was interesting at start but it didn  t convince me as a whole . i am no tyson fan . in fact i don  t like boxing at all . it  s barbaric  obscene and double faced  by society  that some get money for beating each other up .  br    br   nevertheless  i felt the start of the film was ok . actors alright  especially george c . scott  as cus d  amato  . i don  t know how reliable the flick is . i haven  t read books and books about boxing or tyson . i don  t know anything about the man  but it was quite entertaining .  br    br   as the movie went on i felt it lost a little of it  s charm and i also lost interest . i managed to stay awake though but the last hour was just not good enough .  
a very ordinary made  for  tv product   tyson  attempts to be a serious biopic while stretching the moments of angst for effect  fast forwarding through the esoterics of the corrupt sport of boxing  and muddling the sensationalistic stuff which is the only thing which makes tyson even remotely interesting . a lukewarm watch at best which more likely to appeal to the general public than to boxing fans .  
tyson  br    br   aspect ratio  .      br    br   sound format stereo  br    br   reverent  though scrupulously fair  account of the life and times of champion boxer mike tyson . given his conviction on a rape charge  the film is careful not to portray him as hero or villain  but paints a warts  and  all portrait of his rise to fame  the pressures of success  and the people who shaped his destiny for good or bad . constrained by time limits  the script gallops through a succession of relevant details  alighting briefly on significant events  culminating with tyson  s  temporary  downfall in     . novices will be enlightened by the chronology  while boxing fans will be entertained by director uli edel  s straight  arrow approach to the material . he portrays tyson  s life as a circus in which he was ultimately led astray by the circumstances of his own success . in fact  the script reserves most of its venom for tyson  s ex  wife robin givens  characterising her as an ungrateful gold  digger who took advantage of his naivety . production values are uniformly solid and the cast is superb michael jai white does a fair imitation of the title character george c . scott plays tyson  s mentor cus d  amato through acres of gritted teeth and paul winfield was surely born to play don king   
as far as spaghetti westerns go  i  d put this man can  t die on the dull side of the genre . it  s not that the movie is particularly bad  but it lacks the brilliance and flash of some of the other sws i  ve seen . guy madison does his best in the lead role  but lacks the on  screen charisma necessary to pull it off . with one notable exception  the rest of the cast isn  t particularly good . the direction is uninspired and offers very few moments that i haven  t seen before . there  s just not much to get very excited about .  br    br   the cast exception i mentioned is rosalba neri . she  s the one bright spot in this otherwise mediocre film . unfortunately  her screen time is limited to less than   minutes .  note the imdb page for this man can  t die is wrong . rosalba neri does not play jenny benson . instead  she is the character melin . i  m not sure how anyone could mistake rosalba neri for some guy named john bartha as listed in imdb  s credits for the movie .   
second  tier american leading man guy madison plays a character whose notoriety precedes him in this spaghetti western  which  having very modest credentials emerges as essentially routine  though featuring a nice enough score  . the plot offers some mild interest the title  incidentally  refers to a wounded man involved in the murderous assault by gun  runners on a ranch  the property of the family of their pursuer  cavalry agent madison . the latter  s younger siblings are determined that the injured party  now in their charge  lead them to the gang boss responsible ultimately  the identity of either mystery man proves a surprise  and both  ironically  become involved with one of madison  s sisters  another is raped during the raid  . euro  cult starlet rosalba neri appears unremarkably as a saloon hostess  and madison  s ex  flame .  
this is an ok film but lacks any real depth either emotionally or in terms of story telling .  br    br   the story is based on real events and this limits the amount of action to virtually none  also no real suspense .  br    br   washington is believable in the lead but he is sleep walking through it  there is no scope to flex any acting muscles for him or the supporting cast .  br    br   the story simply falls a little flat  even having never heard of the title character the ending was obvious but unlike other films about such injustices this one has no emotional impact  you don  t really care about him and the motivations of those on the outside helping seem more academic than concerned for his welfare .  br    br   there is an attempt to inject some emotion using the boy outside who hero worships carter but this seems forced .  br    br   it  s an ok film but instantly forgettable .  
fairly good movie  but not a true story .  br    br   rubin  hurricane  carter was a notorius liar  a murder and was never found not guilty . new jersey state just didn  t go for it a third time as   years had gone . carter got an offer in       pass a lie test and go free  . he didn  t take it . this film should never have been made  but money talks . a lot of people have unjustly spend their lives in prison and undoubtedly more blacks than white . why choose a fake story   br    br   jens  
a dreary and pointless bit of fluff  bloody fluff  but fluff  . badly scripted  with inane and wooden dialogue . you do not care if the characters  indeed  even if the actors themselves  live or die . little grace or charm  little action  little point to the whole thing . perhaps some of the set and setting will interest   those gaps between the boards of all the buildings may be true to the way life was lived . the framework encounter is unnecessary and distracting  and the hoppalong cassidy character himself is both boring and inept .  
this movie looks like it was made for tv . for years i waited for some movie to be made about rubin carter  because i loved to see him box at the old msg  and to see this movie was very disappointing . i have alot of respect for mr washington  but he was awful and boring . there is really nothing good to say about this movie except i did like the song .  
denzel is about the only thing that is right in this movie .  br    br   maybe once in an early stage this was a better movie . someone decided to cut some action and plot points into the beginning of the movie  giving away most of the story line in about the first  minutes . that and ruining whatever build up in pace and rhythm the movie might have had before .  br    br   so first it confuses you and then it puts you off . the dramatization pushes beyond suspension of disbelieve .  br    br   of course there is that feeling of great injustice and anger that movies like this potentially manage to instill in viewers . granted  it does that so if you are looking for that . . . knock yourself out .  
when i saw this movie i heard all the hype  and i heard how people said that denzel deserved the oscar alongside his golden globe and i believed he must have done an outstanding job considering kevin spacey was excellent . i was wrong . i realize that people say this not to anger the african american community  if they are not african americans themselves  . i always hear complaints on how african americans are never nominated and how they should have won . sometimes this is true  not as much nowadays  because whoppi goldberg should have won best actress for the color purple and the movie should have won best picture . the only reason this movie was so blown up the way it was  is because people see a movie about the  semi  spoiler  hardships of an african american during a very racist time period and they automatically label it as a masterpiece .  br    br   denzel washington is an outstanding actor  but his role in this movie did not affect me whatsoever . i was bored with him in the movie  and his acting here was quite similar to his role in malcolm x but not as good . the audience is supposed to leave believing this man  rubin carter  is a saint . people left the movies worshipping this man  this hero  and they went out and bought his book  making this hero of a man rich .  br    br   spoilers this movie tells the tale of a man who spent the majority of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit . of course the crimes he did commit  stealing mostly  was only to survive  nothing more . people felt sorry for him  even though the drug dealers and thieves probably amounted to as much for the same reasons but are looked down upon in society . everything in this movie tries to portray this man as a saint  except for the obvious infidelity he had towards his wife and the aggression he showed the other man when he met his wife  but why wouldn  t it  after all  it is his point of view . i do not like movies  especially hollywood interpretations  that are based on  true  stories because they usually distort the  true  parts into something else  something not so true . this was his point of view and a hollywood construction  yet everyone believed it was the truth unquestionably . well i researched his past a bit before making any assumptions  and he was a very violent man . not only that  there is still a possibility that he did murder those people . if you do not believe me  search for him on the internet  and read the articles some people have of him . the boxing match he claimed to have won so easily  was actually won by his opponent joey giardello and there are tapes to prove it . besides that  there are many twisted and purposely left out facts in this movie . the supporting cast were the nicest people i have ever seen on the face of the earth and their  nice and perfect  persona looked difficult to keep up .  br    br   this movie was a hollywood version of yet another unfortunate true story that is still left to be told truthfully . denzel  s acting is stale  and the supporting cast  s mickey mouse attitudes are annoying . the movie also begins very slow paced and is boring .  
if this movie was about a fictional character  the movie could stand on its own and be judged objectively . unfortunately for the viewer  the movie is based on  facts  that are shaded very unfairly toward ruben carter . many of the smaller facts were disregarded  carter was not number one contender at the time of the murders  there is no proof at all that he saved a friend from a child molester in his youth   but some of the larger facts  like apparently being robbed of a decision to joey giardello because of  racist  judges  is inexcusable to those of us who have seen the fight on tape  and completely disrespectful to giardello . why hollywood feels the need to make a hero out of someone who  at best  was in trouble and around trouble much more than any normal person should be  was arrested multiple times for beating women  is strange to me . ruben carter was never  by viewing his actions in the    s and even now  when he refuses to speak to his son  a person that people can look up to . everyone knows that jewison can direct  and washington can act  but why they chose this story as their vehicle is beyond me . is hollywood so much in need of a black hero that they need to bend the truth in all of their bio pics to make them believable   heres a suggestion how about denzel playing a movie about himself  now thats inspirational  based on all of the inaccuracies in the movie  i would suggest passing on this one .  
this movie is another one on my list of movies not to bother with . saw it   years ago as an adolescent  stayed up late to do so  was very annoyed to find that it was about    romance    everything else    history if that . it  s what i call a bait and switch movie  one with an interesting title  the actual movie is a scam . this is a subject which deserves a good cinematic treatment  this movie is almost an insult to those who served . the actual members of the lafayette escadrille were not on the run from the law nor were they the products of abusive homes  they were in reality idealists who wanted to do something to help france . and i suspect many of them came from a more upper class background than tab hunter  s character . flying school is not for the smart alecks and the know it alls  an individual such as the one portrayed here wouldn  t have lasted two days  it would have either been the stockade or the infantry . discipline in the french army was often rather fierce . in short  another hollywierd version of an historical episode that deserves proper treatment .  
probably the worst film i  ve ever seen  the acting and story were terrible and i almost fell asleep . the only good actor was colm meaney . i had the impression to see the same scenes again and again until the end  no emotion  no charisma . . . nothing   
i had high hopes for this film  because i thought clean  shaven  kerrigan  s first feature  was absolutely terrific  the most assuredly cinematic low budget film i  d ever seen .  br    br   but much of claire dolan is utterly pointless and flat . scene after scene seems randomly tossed into the mix  without much thought for narrative or character .  br    br   is claire trying to escape being a prostitute or not  hard to tell . why does she pick up the trick at the airport if she wants to escape that life  why does she then not pick up tricks when she needs money in seattle  why do we have to see her dye her hair to what is virtually the exact same color  why does claire accept some johns and not others  the filmmaker doesn  t seem to know .  br    br   it feels as if everything is improvised  though i understand this wasn  t the case  and the filmmakers just held a camera on it as if they were making a verite documentary .  br    br   after the screening i saw  kerrigan defended his lack of narrative choices by condemning film narrative as politically conservative . it sounded like learned rhetoric . i think it was a cop  out .  br    br   i am saddened that the maker of a film as exciting as clean  shaven would go on to make such a lame film as this one and then defend it with tired old  political  cliches .  
this is exactly the sort of saturday matinee serial i loved during world war ii . i was under ten years of age . and that  s the audience this serial is designed for . looking at it now  one must roar at its ineptitude and stupidity . the budget must have been next to nothing  given the shortcuts and repeats . the acting  well  this is republic pictures      . they read the lines . . . . and no doubt had one take to make them convincing .  br    br   one and half stars .  
like most people i was intrigued when i heard the concept of this film  especially the  film makers were then attacked  aspect that the case seems to emphasize  what with the picture on the cover of the film makers being chased by an angry mob .  br    br   then  to watch the film and discover  oh  what they mean by  the film makers were attacked  was some kids threw rocks at a sign and a number of people complained loudly and said  someone should beat those two kids up .  the picture on the cover   the chase  as it were  total fabrication . which i guess ties in with the theme of the film  lying and manipulation to satisfy vain  stupid children with more money and time then sense .  br    br   i have no idea what great truth the viewer is supposed to take away from this film . it  s like michael moore  s  roger  me   but if  roger  me  was moore mocking the people of flint . it  s completely misdirected and totally inane . wow  can you believe that people who suffered under the yoke of communism would be really excited to have markets full of food  what jerks  and it  s not so much   look at the effects of capitalism and western media blah blah blah   since it wasn  t just that their fake market had comparable prices to the competitors  it was that  as many people in the film say  the prices were absurdly low  someone mentions that they should  ve known it was fake by how much they were charging for duck . that  s not proving anything except that people who are poor  will go to a store that has low prices  bravo fellas  way to stick it to the people on the bottom .  br    br   way to play a stupid practical joke on elderly people . you should be very proud . how about for your next movie you make a documentary about iraq and show how people there will get really excited for a house without bullet holes in the walls and then  say   haha  no such house exists  your so stupid and loved to be lied to by the media   .  br    br   morgan  please like me  spurlock unleashed this wet fart of a film and it  s no surprise since spurlock as one hit wonder prince of the documentary world seems to throw his weight behind any silly sounding concept to stay relevant in a world that really has no need of him .  br    br   avoid like the plague .  
the main problem with the documentary  czech dream  is that isn  t really saying what it thinks it  s saying .  br    br   in an audacious  i hesitate to use the word  inspired   act of street theater  vit klusak and filip remunda  two student filmmakers from the czech republic  pulled off a major corporate hoax to serve as the basis for their movie they deliberately fabricated a phony  hypermarket   the eastern european equivalent of costco or wal mart super store   built an entire ad campaign around it  replete with billboards  radio and tv spots  an official logo  a catchy theme song and photos of fake merchandise  and then waited around to see just how many  dopes  would show up to their creation on opening day . they even built a makeshift faade to convince people that the store itself actually existed .  br    br   one might well ask   why do such a thing   well  that  s a very good question  but the answer the filmmakers provide isn  t all that satisfying a one . essentially  we  re told that the purpose of the stunt was to show how easily people can be manipulated into believing something  even something that  s not true  simply through the power of advertising . and the movie makers run for moral cover by claiming that the  real   i . e . higher  purpose for the charade is to convince the czech people not to fall for all the advertisements encouraging them to join the european union . fair enough  especially when one considers that the actual advertisers who agree to go along with the stunt declaim against the unethical nature of lying to customers  all the while justifying their collaboration in the deception by claiming it to be a form of  research  into what does and does not work in advertising . in a way  by allowing themselves to be caught on camera making these comments  these ad men and women are as much dupes of the filmmakers as the poor unsuspecting people who are the primary target of the ruse .  br    br   but  in many ways  the satirical arrow not only does not hit its intended target  it ironically zeroes right back around on the very filmmakers who launched it . for it is they themselves and not the good  hearted and naturally trusting people who ultimately come off as the unethical and classless ones here  as they proceed to make fools out of perfectly decent people  some of them old and handicapped and forced to travel long distances on foot to get to the spot . and what is all this supposed to prove anyway  that people are  greedy  because they go to the opening of a new supermarket looking for bargains  or that they  re stupid and gullible because they don  t suspect that there might not be an actual market even though one has been advertised  such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that would make it virtually impossible to function in the real world .  br    br   no  i  m afraid this smart  alecky  nasty little  stunt  only proves what complete and utter jerks the filmmakers are for making some really nice people feel like idiots . and  indeed many of them  when they finally discover the trick that  s been played on them  react with a graciousness and good humor i  m not sure i would be able to muster were i to find myself in their position .  br    br   i  m not saying that the movie isn  t gripping  something akin to witnessing a massive traffic accident in action  but  when the dust has finally settled and all the disappointed customers return red  faced and empty  handed to their homes  we can safely declare that they are not the ones who should be feeling ashamed .  
this is almost certainly the worst western i  ve ever seen . the story follows a formula that is especially common to westerns and martial arts films   hero learns that family  friends have been murdered  so hero sets out to exact revenge  foils the ineffective lawman  rescues the kidnapped loving damsel  and murders the expert arch  nemesis in a brutal duel . this formula has often been successful   otherwise it wouldn  t be a formula   but gunfighter is the most sophomoric execution of it you  ll ever see . the scripting is atrociously simple  minded and insulting it sounds like a high schooler wrote the dialogue because it lacks depth  maturity  and realism . the sound is bad it sometimes looks dubbed . the cinematography is lame  and the sets are sometimes just facades . the acting is pitiful sure  some of the performers could blame the script  but others cannot use that excuse . i hope i never see chris lybbert in a speaking role ever again every time he says a line that should be angry or mean  he does nothing more than lower the timbre of his voice and he just sounds like a kid trying to act macho . and speaking of chris lybbert  who plays hopalong  check out his duds  if you dare to watch this film   he wears these brand new clothes that make him look more like roy rogers than a hard  working  down  and  dirty cowboy . if you enjoy inane cinematic fare that serves merely to worship the imagined grandeur of hopalong cassidy  then get this  but if you have more than two neurons  watch something else .  
i have this film out of the library right now and i haven  t finished watching it . it is so bad i am in disbelief . audrey hepburn had totally lost her talent by then  although she  d pretty much finished with it in  robin and marian .  this is the worst thing about this appallingly stupid film . it  s really only of interest because it was her last feature film and because of the dorothy stratten appearance just prior to her homicide .  br    br   there is nothing but idiocy between gazzara and his cronies . little signals and little bows and nods to real screwball comedy of which this is the faintest  palest shadow .  br    br   who could believe that there are even some of the same manhattan environs that hepburn inhabited so magically and even mythically in  breakfast at tiffany  s  twenty years earlier  the soundtrack of old sinatra songs and the gershwin song from which the title is taken is too loud and obvious   you sure don  t have to wait for the credits to find out that something was subtly woven into the cine  musique of the picture to know when the songs blasted out at you .  br    br    reverting to type  means going back up as well as going back down  i guess . in this case  audrey hepburn  s chic european lady is all you see of someone who was formerly occasionally an actress and always a star . here she has even lost her talent as a star . if someone whose talent was continuing to grow in the period  like ann  margret  had played the role  there would have been some life in it  even given the unbelievably bad material and mongoloid  level situations .  br    br   hepburn was a great person  of course  greater than most movie stars ever dreamed of being  and she was once one of the most charming and beautiful of film actors . after this dreadful performance  she went on to make an atrocious tv movie with robert wagner called  love among thieves .  in  they all laughed  it is as though she were still playing an ingenue in her    s . even much vainer and obviously less intelligent actresses who insisted upon doing this like lana turner were infinitely more effective than is hepburn . turner took acting seriously even when she was bad . hepburn doesn  t take it seriously at all  couldn  t be bothered with it even her hair and clothes look tacky . her last really good work was in  two for the road   perhaps her most perfect  if possibly not her best in many ways .  br    br   and that girl who plays the country singer is just sickening . john ritter is horrible  there is simply nothing to recommend this film except to see dorothy stratten  who was truly pretty . otherwise  critic david thomson  s oft  used phrase  losing his  her talent  never has made more sense .  br    br   ben gazarra had lost all sex appeal by then  and so we have  films with gazarra and hepburn   who could ask for anything less  sandra dee  s last  pitiful film  lost   from  years later  a low  budget nothing  had more to it than this . at least ms . dee spoke in her own voice by      audrey hepburn  s accent just sounded silly she  d go on to do the pbs  gardens of the world with audrey hepburn  and there her somewhat irritating accent works as she walks through english gardens with aristocrats or waxes effusively about  what i like most is when flowers go back to nature   as in naturalized daffodils  but in an actual fictional movie  she just sounds ridiculous .  br    br   to think that  breakfast at tiffany  s  was such a profound sort of light poetic thing with audrey hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world   she was surely one of the most beautiful screen presences in  my fair lady   matching garbo in several things and delphine seyrig in  last year at marienbad .  and then this  and her final brief role as the angel  hap  in the spielberg film  always  was just more of the lady stuff   corny  witless and stifling .  br    br   i went to her memorial service at the fifth avenue presbyterian church  a beautiful service which included a boys  choir singing the shaker hymn  simple gifts .  the only thing not listed in the program was the sudden playing of hepburn  s singing  moon river  on the fire escape in  breakfast at tiffany  s   and this brought much emotion and some real tears out in the congregation .  br    br   a great lady who was once a fine actress  as in  the nun  s story   and one of the greatest and most beautiful of film stars in many movies of the    s and    s who became a truly bad one   that  s not all that common . and perhaps it is only a great human being who  in making such things as film performances trivial  nevertheless has the largeness of mind to want to have the flaws pointed out mercilessly   which all of her late film work contained in abundance . most of the talk about hepburn  s miscasting is about  my fair lady .  but the one that should have had the original actress in it was  wait until dark   which had starred lee remick on broadway . never as celebrated as hepburn  she was a better actress in many ways  hepburn was completely incapable of playing anything really sordid   although hepburn was at least adequate enough in that part . after that  all of her acting went downhill .  
loved the original story  had very high expectations for the film  especially since barker was raving about it in interviews   finally saw it and what can i say  it was a total mess  the directing is all over the place  the acting was atrocious  the flashy visuals and choreography were just flat  empty and completely unnecessary  whats up with the generic music video techniques like the fast  forward  slow mo nonsense  it was stylish yes but not needed in this film and cheapened the vibe into some dumb mtv marilyn manson  smashing pumpkins  placebo music video  . whilst some of the kills are pretty cool and brutal  some are just ridiculously laughable  the first kill on the japanese girl was hilarious and ted raimi  s death was just stupidly funny  . it just rushes all over the place with zero tension and suspense  totally moving away from the original story and then going back to it in the finale which by that point just feels tacked on to mess it up even more . no explanations were given whatsoever  i mean i knew what was happening only as i  d read the story but for people who hadn  t it  s even more confusing as at times even i didn  t know where it was going and what it was trying to do  it was going on an insane tangent the whole time .  br    br   god  i really wanted to like this film as i  m a huge fan of barker  s work and loved the story as it has immense potential for a cracking movie  hell i even enjoyed some of kitamura  s movies as fun romps but this film just reeked of amateurism and silliness from start to finish  i didn  t care about anyone or anything  the whole thing was rushed and severely cut down from the actual source  turning it into something else entirely . granted it was gory and vinnie jones played a superb badass  but everything else was all over the place  more than disappointing . gutted  
i heard and read many praising things about  midnight meat train   which is based on a short story written by no less than clive barker and supposedly the best adaptation of his work since the original  hellraiser  that he directed himself  but so far i can only express very mixed sentiments about my viewing experience . the most appropriate term to summarize the whole film in just word is nauseating  the violence is sadistic and extreme  which undoubtedly attracts fanatic young horror enthusiasts  but it  s also indescribably gratuitous and exploitative . normally speaking  i  m very pro  violence but it has to at least serve some kind of purpose . the butchering  literally  depicted in  midnight meat train  is exclusively meant to shock and to repulse the viewers with weak nerve systems and easily upset stomachs  and even that isn  t fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects . there are more shortcomings  some even bigger than the pointless gore  but perhaps i should focus on the good elements first . the basic concept is definitely promising and multiple sequences  like the chase in the freezer room  for example  are literally oozing with nail  biting suspense and macabre atmosphere . unfortunately the pacing is very uneven and the elaboration of the potentially fantastic plot is made unnecessarily convoluted . presumably the processing of a short story into a long feature film scenario is responsible for the pacing irregularities  but i honestly feel they could have done more with the denouement as well as with the character played by vinnie jones . the plot introduces leon  an aspiring photographer in new york whose agent advises to search for the truly menacing face of the city through sinister pictures . leon then becomes obsessed with stalking an introvert and suspiciously behaving butcher who always awaits the midnight train . leon  s right  as the butcher turns out to be a relentless serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer  but the killer  s motivations and behavior suggest there  s something far more substantial going on the rails at night .  midnight meat train  takes place in naturally unsettling locations like subway stations at night and animal abattoirs  plus the film also benefices of good acting performances and a truckload of downright disturbing images  like cadavers on meat hooks and train carriages smeared in blood   but director ryhei kitamura   versus    godzilla final wars   doesn  t take full advantage of it all . the ending leaves a whole lot questions unanswered and  even if clive barker meant to have like this  i still think we deserved a slightly more clarifying finale .  midnight meat train  is a somewhat intriguing and definitely haunting film  but not without defaults . it  s not intended for easily offended viewers  but maybe people looking for plot coherence and clarity should leave it alone as well .  
i don  t know why  but i thought i  ve seen this movie before . maybe it was the name  maybe it was the way poster looked  i don  t know . anyway  it was quite promising in the beginning . and even throughout the whole feature there were some bright moments . maybe its because i  m not a huge fan of the horrors  and i don  t watch them a lot  but this one actually looked fresh sometimes . but the rest of it is not so good . laughable at times . the movie is slow paced  sometimes you will get so bored you  d forget what was the story about . characters are not great either . all of them . the butcher is ok  seems creepy and crazy enough . although i didn  t get what were those weird looking things on his chest  that whole scene just looked fake and kind of out  of  the  blue   and why he was collecting those in jars at home  the main lead is plain . his character is really hard to believe in  and very undeveloped . but i guess thats scenarists fault . like why he cried when he was taking pictures of his girlfriend  side cast is bad too . but the main thing i hated in this movie was the girl . my god  when will women in horror movies have any brains  its ridiculous . the girl finds out that a maniac took her boyfriends camera  tries going to police  that fails  and then she thinks of the best idea ever . why don  t we just go and take it  i know where the maniac lives  yup  thats swell  and then look for the camera in the bathroom  why not  and then walk in the room  see a bag that was not there before  and just have a look inside . maybe camera is there  not there . but loads of interesting stuff . shiny . mmmm . to realize that bag means that the butcher came back is too hard for her tiny tiny brain . then of course the never ending  falling while running away  trick  that really made it look bad . then  to put the final nail into the character  in the end of the movie  she walks into the wagon full with dead bodies hanging feet up  screams  noooo  like she just ripped her gucci bag  and walks further into the wagon . . . jeez . come on . no one else thinks its just  well  stupid  just awful . if her character wasn  t so bad  maybe the movie would get another star or two from me . and i would even forgive mmt characters that can take a hit in the head with a steel hammer  that dude in the train who the conductor killed   butcher vests that can protect from bullets  weird and cheap looking monsters in the end  i didn  t read clive barkers novel  so i have no idea where those monsters came from   the fact that no one cared that hundreds  judging on the skeletons in the dungeon  disappeared in the city  and main character that didn  t bleed to death when he got his tongue ripped out  he barely noticed it i guess  . oh  and the predictable ending . damn  i knew the ending half way in  its just disappointing . the only reason i  m still giving some credit to the makers  is that the movie in general looks better than most of the horrors i  ve watched past few months . visual style is nice  some shots were really nice and good cgi that made the killings look really brutal .  although blood didn  t look real at all  i guess some people will enjoy it  some  like me  will watch it if there is nothing else to watch  some will absolutely hate it .  
ok  so i just saw the movie  although it appeared last year . . . i thought that it was generally a decent movie  except for the storyline  which was stupid and horrible . . . first of all  we never get to know anything about the creatures  why they appeared  wtf are they doing in our world  and really  have they been on earth before we were or did they just come from space  secondly  the role of the butcher to maintain order is just so obviously created . . . really  how large could the underground for a sub station could have been  there were only so many of those creatures  so i think instead of killing innocent people in vain  they could have just planted some tactical bombs  or maybe clear the are and a nuke would have done the job . i know it sounds funny and it is  but i do not see the killing of people as being necessary . . . thirdly  leon acts like superman jumping on the train and fighting vinnie jones  who was way taller and bigger in stature . then again  when he faces the conductor he does nothing and acts as a wimp  watching all the abominations . i mean ok  the conductor had creepy help  lol   but if leon was so brave he would have gone all the way . . . i mean he risks his life first  then does nothing exactly when he should have . he could have died as a hero but lives as a coward . . . this might be the case  but not after showing so much braveness earlier on . . . then  the cop thing . . . come on  this was a city having a subway  i bet there must have been other cops except that lady  other police stations  this was really kind of silly . . . all in all  great acting by vinnie jones  interesting idea up to the reason behind it which is not really built at all . . . by the way  what did the signs on the chest mean  vinnie jones cannot make up for the rest . . .  
i am not one of those people who just go online after i see a movie and decide to call it the worst movie ever made . if you doubt me  please look at my other reviews . however  for the first time ever  i have seen a movie so horrible that i wanted to write about how bad it was before it was even over .  br    br   i love bad movies . to me  ed wood is a genius  i thought bloody murder  jeepers creepers and most horrible horror movies were good . however  there is not a single good thing i can say about this film .  br    br   the plot is basically non existent . if someone reading my review wastes their money to see it  they can discern for themselves what the plot might be  but i advise you that a nickel would be worth more than watching this movie .  br    br   the special effects are bad .  br    br   the acting is bad .  br    br   the two leads are attractive  but that  s all there is .  br    br   i am not the type to spoil a movie for anyone  but i invite anyone to email me at foxbarkingyahoo . com to ask for my opinion on this movie before they waste a dime on it . i will tell you anything .  br    br   i love bad movies  and i love horror and i love new inventive movies . i even love horror porn stuff like hostel  which some reviewers claimed this was like  but obviously they only thought so cause roger bart was in this and hostel   . but this may be the number  most worthless and stupid and dumbass movie ever made .  br    br   and before you disregard this review  this is coming from someone who not only sat through the entire premiere of house of the dead  but actually bought a copy of it .  
it was no sense and it was so awful . . . i think hollywood have a lot of film like that . . . you don  t have do watch it . people cutter or eater what should i say . . . it made me sick  oh my god  film is about people that we don  t know but feed themselves with humans  they have teeths bla bla bla . . . isn  t that familiar  i can bet on it you saw it in a another movie . the cast was so great but i think scenario was really awful . and i should say that bradley cooper was totally awesome . . . he  s so talented . . . actually i said awful but i think it because of horrible scenes . . . let me explain it . did you ever eat tongue  but in the film one person did it  it was really awful . . . anyway i think film would so good without that awful human eater or cutter scenes . . .  
i have heard a lot about this film  with people writing me telling me i should see it  as i am a fan of extremely bloody  gory movies . i got my hands on it almost right away  but one thing or another always kept me from watching it  until now . i would have been better off not remembering i even had it .  br    br   this movie was atrocious . the worst thing though is that it could have been so much better than it actually was . i know it was a story by clive barker and all  and no i have not read that story  but it appears to me that if you haven  t then you will be  as i was  completely clueless and utterly disappointed .  br    br   the film begins good enough  the actors are convincing  the story interesting . the first scene is bloody  a great way to catch your attention . i thought the blood looked a bit bad  but seeing as it was the very first scene i did hope for improvement later on . i was wrong .  br    br   the blood and effects are so horrible  it was almost an insult to my intelligence to be expected to believe that  for instance  someone could knock a person  s head right off their shoulders using only a meat hammer . wtf  cgi blood  did they even use any  real  blood at all  my home made stuff looks better than any used in this film    unbelievable acts of dismemberment  eyeballs popping out just from getting hit in the back of the head arms cut neatly off  does no one remember there are bones all throughout our bodies     too  dark scenes  every scene is either an odd yellow color  or in hidden in shadows  . . . it just gets worse and worse . i found myself pointing out mistake after mistake . there  s just too much . add that to the fact that what could have and should have been a great serial  killer movie turns into some demonic  supernatural  monster movie at the end . . . no thank you  it should have been kept as a creepy guy butchering people in the subway  ok  with a conspiracy theory thrown in  and an overzealous photographer . maybe they murder people and sell the meat via the meat plant  plausible  doable . . . and a lot better i think than the  real  story . that could have and should have worked . instead it became a  creatures living at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows about it but you  and unless you read the book  well . . . you just won  t ever understand it  fiasco . tragic  what an awful thing to do to a movie with such potential . if you like mindless fake blood and gore  you  ll love this . but if you have half a brain in your head then you will completely hate it . stay away  far  far away .  
this was a terrible film . there was no story line whatsoever . to top it all off  when they couldn  t explain the blood and gore  the only good part  . . . they threw in a few aliens  i hate when directors  or whatever  run out of ideas and then blame the aliens  watch this film if you like . but don  t say i didn  t warn you . two things how could vinny say  welcome  when he didn  t have a tongue  its a pity mr jones didn  t have a bigger role . second thing that bugged me  why were we shown vinny jones  boils and him cutting them off and putting them into blue liquid  then these have no further role . why not  i don  t like to be shown something and that has nothing to do with the story line whatsoever . in short . bad story . i wouldn  t waste my time  wish i  d have watched mirrors instead .  
where to start . the film started out pretty well  but after the   min mark i caught myself watching the clock . the horror at the start of the film was good but then the story kicked in . it just got stupider and stupider as time ticked by .  br    br   the actors gave an average performance in this movie however  i got a bit bored of vinny jones constant scowling in the film .  br    br   as the film dragged on  and take my word for it  it dragged on  it just got more and more far fetched .  br    br    spoiler alert  spoiler alert  spoiler alert  just when i thought the film could not get any worse  towards the end loads if skeleton looking monsters turned up  just to eat the dead people which made no sense at all . it turned out to be some sort of flesh eating cult and the good guys die at the end . the ending in fact just made me laugh at how bad it was . once the lead role disposes of vinny jones  he becomes the new killer .  br    br   in closing  this film made creep look like the best horror film ever made . i gave it  star because the female lead did a pretty good job but even she could not save this train wreck of a movie    
i am really surprised that this movie get a ranking like this  i haven  t seen such a bad movie for years . omg this was a really bad movie . splatter  is not enough to describe the unnecessary  nearly funny  blood scenes  . if you didn  t like hostel  or wolf creek or halloween       . . well this is   time worse . the story remind me rl stine goosebumps .   br    br   i can  t tell about the acting since the script was so terrible . clich all the time .  why i must write   lines  i never understood this .   br    br   here comes spoilers  br    br   the story is about a butcher killing people all the time in metro . we are talking about thousands of killings and no one gets notice . actually those people are just missing . and there is the good guy that tries to solve the mystery  well there is no mystery for us because we know from the beginning the bad guy  and as usual no one believes him  what a surprise  in the end he puts butcher clothes and fights to death with the killer butcher   
one hour  eight minutes and twelve seconds into this flick and i decided it was pretty lame . that was right after hopalong  chris lybbert  drops on his horse from a tree to rejoin the good guy posse . i was pretty mystified by the whole hopalong cassidy  great bar   gimmick which didn  t translate into anything at all . obviously  the name coppola in the credits couldn  t do anything to guarantee success here  even with more than one listed .  br    br   if you make it to the end of the film  you  ll probably wind up asking yourself the same questions i did . what exactly was the hook with the gloves  what  s up with the rodeo scenario  who was the stranger supposed to represent  why did they make this film   br    br   i could probably go on but my energy  s been drained . look  there  s already a western called  the gunfighter  from     with a guy named gregory peck as the title character . watching it will make you feel as good as watching this one makes you feel bad . that one i can recommend .  
i would just like it to be known  that i do not often rate movies below a  . i was originally very excited to see this movie . its numerous trailer bumps on tv for several months made me reaally want to see this movie . so  the other night when i saw that it was available on fearnet on demand  i got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film .  br    br   the storyline seemed intriguing enough  some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway . there  s a photographer obsessed with the missing people . where are they going  what  s happening to them  one day  the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken  and becomes obsessed with the butcher  following him around  yada yada . the film had a way of sucking you in  even though the plot was highly predictable .  oh no  it  s dark  look out behind you  i say  quite bored with the cheap thrills .  br    br   the plot  even though predictable  was intriguing . . . that is  until the end .  this was good until the end . . . . then it just got silly   says jack  skellington  freke on the message boards . and i fully agree . and here come the spoilers . . .  br    br   see  i was hoping it was some mad killer  some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism . no . it was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries . woo . how original . how unrealistic . how dull .  br    br       . come on lionsgate . you  ve had amazing films  but this one sunk .  
do not bother to waste your money on this movie . do not even go into your car and think that you might see this movie if any others do not appeal to you . if you must see a movie this weekend  go see batman again .  br    br   the script was horrible . perfectly written from the random horror movie format . given a place in confined spaces  a madman with various weapons  a curious man who manages to uncover all of the clues that honest police officers cannot put together  and an innocent and overly curious  yet beautiful and strong woman with whom many in the audience would love to be able to call their girlfriend . mix together  add much poorly executed gore  and what the hell  let  s put some freaks in there for a little  spin  to the plot .  br    br   the acting was horrible  and the characters unbelievable  borat was more believable than this .  br    br   spoilerand can someone please tell me how a butcher  s vest can make a bullet ricochet from the person after being shot without even making the person who was shot flinch    i  m in the army . we need that kind of stuff for ourselves .  br    br    out of    and i would place it in the decimals of that rounded up to give it the lowest possible score i can .  
wow  how bad can it get . this was seriously bad . not in terms of the gore  which was mainly laughable cgi  but in acting  atmosphere and direction .  br    br   the story was dreadful  the character arc of the main lead was a total joke . within a few nights of stalking vinnie jones  he starts to become  haunted  to the point of crying when photographing his girlfriend . um . . . are all new york photographers this childish  suggestible and weak  his character development had absolutely no justification or point whatsoever  and by the very end you  ll be laughing out loud at the utterly predictable  and totally absurd twist his character takes .  br    br   the gory moments were clearly just a weak  low  self  esteemed effort to jump onto the modern mtv style gore wagon  all cgi  blood yet no real emotion whatsoever . these parts were unintentionally funny  and distracting by their self  consciousness  wacky camera angles etc .  br    br   overall this film commits the crime of blowing another potential idea . what could have had atmosphere  until the stupid monsters at the end  is ruined in favour of  look at me  style self  conscious directing . this film wasn  t made for and audience  it was made for a cv  a deeply selfish motive .  
i often feel like scrooge  slamming movies that others are raving about  or  i write the review to balance unwarranted raves . i found this movie almost unwatchable  and  unusual for me  was fast  forwarding not only through dull  clichd dialog but even dull  clichd musical numbers . whatever originality exists in this film   unusual domestic setting for a musical  lots of fantasy  some animation   is more than offset by a script that has not an ounce of wit or thought  provoking plot development . individually  june haver and dan dailey appear to be nice people  but can  t carry a movie as a team . neither is really charismatic or has much sex appeal . they  re both bland . i like billy gray  but his character is pretty one  note . the best part of the film  to me  are june haver  s beautiful costumes and great body .  
i was never so bored in my life . hours of pretentious  self  obsessed heroin  addicted basket cases lounging around whining about their problems . it  s like watching lizards molt . even the sex scenes will induce a serious case of narcolepsy . if you have insomnia  rent this .  
one previous reviewer called this film  pure visual joy  i am wondering if s  he saw the same film that i did .  high art  had to have the most relentlessly depressing interiors since  seven  . one can almost forgive sheedy and mitchell for the clich of going to a bb for their first time . of course  before they do that  one has to watch opium  den parties inhabited by people who are not apparently gainfully employed but can somehow support a flourishing drug habit . not to mention the icy stares from those familiar movie types  the girlfriend  boyfriend at start  who are well aware they  re going to be thrown over sometime in the next    minutes or so . the movie also states that the sheedy character has retired from professional photography for ten years now . what did she do  retire at age twenty   
this woman who works as an intern for a photographer goes home and takes a bath where she discovers this hole in the ceiling . so she goes to find out that her neighbor above her is a photographer . this movie could have had a great plot but then the plot drains of any hope . the problem i had with this movie is that every ten seconds  someone is snorting heroin . if they took out the scenes where someone snorts heroin  then this would be a pretty good movie . every time i thought that a scene was going somewhere  someone inhaled the white powder . it was really lame to have that much drug use in one movie . it pulled attention from the main plot and a great story about a photographer . the lesbian stuff didn  t bother me . i was looking for a movie about art . i found a movie about drug use .  
spooks is enjoyable trash  featuring some well directed sequences  ridiculous plots and dialogue  and some third rate acting .  br    br   many have described this is a uk version of      and one can see the similarities .  br    br   the american version shares the weak silly plots  but the execution is so much slicker  sexier and i suspect  expensive .  br    br   some people describe weak comedy as  gentle comedy  .  br    br   this is gentle spy story hour  the exact opposite of anything created by john le carre .  br    br   give me smiley any day .  
this was a popular movie probably because of the humor in it  the fast  moving story  an underdog character who shuts up all the loudmouths  etc . funny thing is  you probably couldn  t make a movie with this title if you substituted anybody but  white  as anything else would be deemed racist by the pc police .  br    br   nonetheless  woody harrleson as the white guy who turns out to be as good if not better than any of the black basketball players  is interesting as is his main counterpart wesley snipes .  br    br   snipes had a lot of funny put  down lines  providing much of the humor . the bad part of the film  which doesn  t bother a lot of people  is the extreme profanity in here and the sleaziness of all the characters . that includes woody  s girlfriend  played by rosie perez . there are no really clean  nice people in this movie . for that reason  i can  t honestly recommend the film  at least not to friends or those who are offended by a lotof profanity  
woody harrelson and wesley snipes team up as hustlers on the basketball court . okay  that sounds all right there . it leaves lots of room for good comedy and a good story . but no such event took place in the many following boring minutes of this pathetic attempt of a film . this movie became redundant  retarded  and ridiculous after the first twenty seconds had gone by . woody harrelson played one of my favorite t . v . characters  woody from cheers  and i was looking forward to seeing him in this movie . but after seeing his  acting performance  i have come to the conclusion that he should stay playing dumb country hicks who bartend . his acting was as dull and poor as the movie . another actor in this unreal film was rosie perez . i have liked movies with perez before  but i have decided that the reason i have enjoyed other works in her career was that she was not a main character and didn  t have that many speaking lines  do the right thing  . but now in white men can  t jump she was made a central character with many lines  thus meaning that the audience has to put up with her incredibly annoying and whining voice . so after seeing this film  term used loosely  and hearing rosie perez for much more than appreciated i can now say that i  m a white man and i  m getting ready to jump . . . off a twenty story apartment building .  
the closing song by johnny rivers was the only great thing about this movie . unfortunately that is all the positive i can say about this western movie . i have to write  more lines for my comments to be posted  but there is more than  lines of awful in this western . i am not sure if the movie was a tribute to hopa along  or just a spoof . the hero and the villain in this movie were too plastic . not realistic at all . a lot of the supporting actors in this movie looked authentic  but the shooting scenes were a joke . a previous commentator thought this movie was great  and in the comments took a cheap shot at president bush . this was not a democratic or republican western . it was just a bad western movie to be sold commercially . i wonder if it made any money . at times i thought i was watching a movie made by college movie students . if that was the case  then it was a great movie .  
you know a movie is bad when the highlight of it is being able to see a brief moment of  jeopardy   .  br    br   the saddest thing about white men can  t jump is that it had tremendous potential . for several years  i lived in area quite like that portrayed in this film racial tensions were high  and basketball meant everything to everyone . a film about the members of this  basketball culture  could have been very interesting  but the mediocre acting and poor script in white men can  t job left something to be desired .  br    br   the movie  s sequence of events is cyclical . first  billy either wins or loses money by playing a game of basketball . he then returns to his home and lounges around with his girlfriend and the process is repeated . most stories build up to a climax of some kind  but the  climax  i saw was just another sequence in this repetition  this case being  billy either wins or loses money by playing a game of basketball   .  br    br   in order for a plot to develop  some dilemma must be resolved and this dilemma must be interesting if the film is going to be interesting as well . apparently the writers of white men can  t jump forgot this rule  as the plot can be summarized as  billy needs to pay the bills .  i appreciated the change of pace from other formulaic sports movies  but   i  m sorry   this was just plain awful . i could have cared less if billy got the money to pay the rent for his apartment .  br    br   despite all this  white men can  t jump is a successful film . apparently some adamant sports fans will dismiss terrible writing for a few scenes with a basketball in them . others  i  m sure  were lured by the big names playing the leading roles . this leaves me to wonder  if the cast was replaced entirely with previously unknown actors  and the basketball theme was replaced with lacrosse  would anyone have bothered watching this movie  i really don  t think so .  br    br   i  ll give this movie two stars out of ten the extra star is for the  jeopardy   scene  which kept me awake for a few minutes . thanks  trebek .  
i really can  t understand how could someone give this disgusting film more than  star . . . how can you like such a retarded film  where all the animal abuse scenes are real  i don  t even want to imagine the excruciating pain those innocent and defenseless living beings felt in those horrific moments . . . jesus . . . what kind of   human   would torture them like that for no reason  or just for money  i tell you  that director is either mentally retarded  or he  s just a monster with a   heart   of stone . or both . he truly deserves to get his hands cut off and burn alive .  br    br   it contains various horribly barbaric scenes that may cause shock  especially to sensitive persons and children a real frog is skinned alive  fish are sadistically mutilated and thrown back into the water  a dog is beaten  birds are thrown into the water . . .  br    br   this movie is more than awful it has to be the worst and most retarded film ever made  along with another one  called   cannibal holocaust   or something like that . i  ll never watch or buy any film directed by this heartless monster . no one should waste their time watching it  especially when there are a lot of truly great movies out there  in which all the animal abuse scenes are staged .  br    br   fortunately  only a few people liked this  which is natural  since it  s the worst film ever   so it wasn  t successful . i hope this will make the retarded director realize that such unjustified barbaric acts of extreme cruelty and violence to real animals will never be praised  and that he will stage all the animal abuse scenes in his following films . i truly believe that everyone receives but what they give  there will be a day when all the retarded and cruel   humans   will feel the same pain they once inflicted to others .  br    br   this  however  is probably my only   negative   review . i usually don  t comment on a movie if i dislike it  but this time i just couldn  t shut up . i had to speak the truth  because animal abuse must stop   
i  ll say this much   this director is all about raw images . . . things most of us are not ready to confront head  on . images of sex  suicide  murder  and people  relieving themselves  are constantly bombarding the viewer  which makes me wonder if the director was trying to communicate the concept of relief or release . although i don  t think that i could ever see this movie again  i will say that the director does have a good eye . there were some really nice shots and  picture moments  in the film  the fans  the wire fish in their hair   but the story left me needing more  strictly in the since that we were left asking ourselves  what the heck did we just see    .  br    br   note if you have a tendency to gag or vomit easily . . . don  t see this film .  
is this the same kim ki duk who directed the poignant  life  spanning testimonial of  spring  summer  fall  winter and spring   the same kim ki duk who directed the exquisite  nearly silent  heartbreaking longing of   iron   the same kim ki duk who dazzled us with the staggering tragedy of  the coast guard  and made us squirm about the ugliness of nonchalant teenage prostitution before returning to his almost patented nature motif to allow us all  characters and viewers alike  to experience redemption in  samaritan girl   i just cannot seem to find him in this film .  br    br   oh  sure  kim  s nature motif is still present . the film takes place entirely on a lake surrounded by mountains and on fishing floats resting placidly on the surface of calm waters . yes  it  s kim ki duk  all right . kim even describes the film as  beautiful  in an interview included in the dvd  s special features . but i  m not sure anymore what that means after viewing this putrescent presentation .  br    br   what is beautiful about angry  potty  mouthed prostitutes  lustful  violent and potty  mouthed fishermen  a covetous mute merchant  explicit animal torture  sequences of self  mutilation and a pace that swings nauseatingly between bestial carnality and mindless brutality  these are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in this utterly confounding and ultimately pointless film . if it is based on a fable or intended as a parable or is meant to be symbolic of something greater  this reviewer is unfamiliar with the source material . it has been favorably compared to  audition  by japanese director takashi miike  much to kim  s satisfaction   but aside from some astonishingly good performances  especially given what they had to work with  by lead actors seo jung and kim yoo suk  i find little reason to recommend this film . i have not seen  audition   but i doubt it would alter in any way my view of  the isle .  its violence is pornographic and senselessly sadistic . its sex is not pornographic  but passionless and masochistic . characters behave on irritating impulse because there is no plot . its point is either non  existent or  i will admit  lost amidst korean cultural quirks that i fail to understand .  br    br   the only beauty is in the cinematography  which is classic kim fog  shrouded boats lapping slowly across a serene lake  mountainous terrain dominating the background  and an imaginative and playful use of color . at times it seems as if viewers are locked in a big kim ki duk romper room . some touches  like the mysterious and seductive mute merchant played by jung and the pleasantly odd use of motorbikes  are intriguing . but as a film  this effort is downright confusing and  in the end  offensive to the senses  not necessarily to sensibilities . one hopes that kim will leave this kind of film  making in the trash heap of his past  for we know he is capable of so much more .  
i generally don  t give worry much about violence in films  or a vast amount of philosophy  symbolism or psychology . all this is very well with me and the film brings a lot of the above to us . there is beautiful pictures especially of the lake and the nature  a good setting of characters  a good direction . this film could be voted for as a good film . however  it is spoiled for two reasons and both of these reasons in relation make this film simply disgusting .  br    br   first of all there is violence used against living creatures to make this film . not movie violence  i am talking about real violence . this violence alone maybe could be justified if not and thats reason number two the message of the film was not mere introspection about the directors twisted relation towards women . not that we all don  t have some real twists with women .  respectively men  . but the conclusion of the film ruins it all .  br    br   spoiler our  heroine  finally dies   by here own hand if i remember correctly i saw this film years ago and it enraged me  now the guy is out with a new film witch i am certainly not going to watch  and is now even more clearly depicted as some kind of natural demon  nature growing over her  in particular her sex . . of course it is the director who  kills  the women heroine . women have to die  especially if men are attracted by their sexuality . that seems to be the final conclusion . end spoiler  br    br   well  well all that possibly would be fine with me if the director would have kept his view to himself . but to use big pictures  artsy directions cruelty to living creatures  just to say men can be frightened of women  and men are cruel to women . thats just not enough . i knew when i saw this film it would achieve good critics for the  philosophical  eastern and artistic  and whatever approach . but to me this film is just totally marred .  
hey look  deal with it  there are much better portrayals of the hardship of black america than this . although i think this story is weak  my criticism is focused on the poor execution of the story  which i have mentioned  blows .  br    br   this was made in the mid     s and is horrible in the music  score department . it  s funny to see oprah as a latter  day crack  whore type .  br    br   the scene where bigger stuffs elizabeth mcgovern into the incinerator . pure classic cinema . first off  i don  t care how drunk you are  you will react to     f degree flame  no matter how bad your acting  . but they really milked that scene . . . it was comical . i  ll tell you what though  i had great satisfaction in seeing elizabeth mcgovern burn in a faux death she annoys me .  
of all the movies i  ve seen  this one rates almost at the bottom  haunted mansion  nothing but trouble and a few others keep it from reaching rock bottom .  it is hasty  the story is shaky and the events depicted are poorly acted . of course we have to lay some of this at the book writer  s door . the book the movie was filmed after is outrageously ponderous  and illogical . oprah gives a palatable appearance as  bigger  s  mom  but is not nearly at her potential . other famous performers also seem to be at their worst . the plot which centers around an african american who decided to take a job as a chauffeur . in driving the family daughter to a communist dinner he becomes acquainted . one thing leads to another and the girl gets drunk . now the family he  s working for are not against blacks  but he thinks they are . so when he comes home he puts her to bed  but she begins caterwauling . the blind mother  yes  hears this  so bigger tries to silence her  but instead smothers her . now fearing he  s really in trouble for killing a white girl he does what any logical thinking man would do   he shoves her into the coal furnace . so investigators are carrying out a missing person case and lo they check the furnace  the idiot didn  t have the foresight to get rid of the ashes . he is then arrested and the last hour or so are obnoxious segments from the courtroom . if your desperate for a bad movie  this one could do the job  but if you seriously want to learn about culture issues in th    s and    s or see a good drama  there are a lot better options . avoid this .  
i  m not sure what diane silver was thinking when she was making this movie  but it obviously had nothing to do with richard wright  s novel  which the movie is based on .  br    br   we read the novel this past summer for ap english    and just watched the film . during periodic note  taking and checking of the clock  i contemplated the chances of being struck by lightning . of course  the sky was completely clear  and i was forced to watch the rest of the movie . . . and then write a   paragraph essay on it .  br    br   wright  s novel discussed very real themes  of the mind of a killer and the psychology behind it . silver  s movie turned a murderer into a victim  which is not what wright wanted  see  how bigger was born      .  br    br   i  m going to make this short and sweet if you want to leave your consciousness  in raphael lambert  s words  unsullied  skip the movie and read the book . the     adaptation is not thought  provoking material .  br    br   . . . sigh now i have to write the essay .  
as good an advert for republicanism as you  re ever likely to see   mayerling  is an everyday story of royal folk in late nineteenth century austria . set during one of europe  s seemingly incessant internal turmoils it concerns itself with the emperor franz joseph  mr james mason   his rebellious son  the crown prince rudolf  mr omar sharif  the empress  miss ava gardner  and various mistresses  secret policemen  spies  extravagantly  uniformed popinjays  gypsies  dancers  wives  soldiers  swans  horses and the bizarre inbred web of european royalty at the time of franz joseph  s austro  hungarian empire . filmed in what the old movie posters used to call  a riot of color  it resembles nothing more than an expensively  dressed but intellectually  challenged production of  the student prince  . mr james mason  wearing a very natty little white number  utilises his all  purpose mittel  european accent whenever he remembers . i am a great admirer of his and i sincerely hope the remuneration was comensurate with the distaste he clearly felt for the character he was playing . mr omar sharif  who built a career largely founded on looking directly at the camera with his big brown eyes and looking soulful  gives a stupefyingly monotonous performance as his son the crown prince . he is utterly unconvincing as a man who  in the movie at least  cut a swathe through the distaff side of the austrian aristocracy . with his well  buttered locks firmly in place he preens and poses in ever more unlikely uniforms . as a rebel he talks the talk but conspicuously fails to walk the walk  leaving a bottom button undone on one of his tunics is about as far as his defiance goes . unhappily married  he falls in love with a commoner .  forbidden love  is one of the movie  s come  ons . as she is played by the most uncommon miss catherine deneuve he is scarcely pushing the envelope there . miss deneuve has a profile to die for and we see rather a lot of it  particularly in the sequence set at the ballet . now i love ballet as much as the next man  but this sequence does seem to go on for an excessive amount of time  a more cynical critic might consider it to be  padding  . rudolf  s mother  the empress is played by miss ava gardner . she gives the part some good old american oooomph  making her a bit like  auntie mame   but it  s done with undeniable style . rudolf is certainly very fond of his mother  i  ll put it no more strongly than that . the only performance worth watching is that of mr james robertson justice as sir lancelot spratt  sorry  edward  prince of wales . he is so wonderfully unconcerned about everything going on around him it  s a joy to behold . i waited vainly for him to ask rudolf the immortal question  what  s the bleeding time   . i am not qualified to dispute  mayerling   s historical accuracy  but  in my opinion  everything else about it is risible . it is a ruritanian opera buffa without the tunes to send you home from the theatre whistling .  
watch the     version . as personally annoying i find charles boyer  s voice  he  s more of a match to pay cosmopolitan  depressed rudolf   i mean omar sharif tries but  no   too cute and vibrant . catherine denueve  sp  besides being too old looks nothing like marie   nothing  she looks too sophisticated to even think of dying for love of this man in such a fashion .  br    br   the only actor in the entire movie who conveys the role they  re playing is ava gardner whose appearance as empress elisabeth on the screen is fittingly brief  and look up pictures of the empress there  s more than a passing resemblance  as historically  empress elisabeth wasn  t involved that much in rudolf  s life .  
i enjoy watching western films but this movie takes the biscuit . the script and dialogue is laughable . the acting was awful  where did they get them from  music was ok i have to say . luckily i didn  t buy or rent the movie but its now disposed of .  br    br   i was geared up at the beginning when the stranger  martin sheen  started to tell his story . i have to admit i did enjoy the confrontation between hopalong and tex where hopalong shot tex  s finger off and told him to practise for   years to reach his league . but thats where it all went pear shaped thereafter . i had to watch the whole film in the hope that it would get better  never did .  
despite having known people who are either great fans of noam chomsky  or think he  s a tired relic from the     s  i really had no opinion of the man  save that i knew he gained fame as a linguist  although i could not elucidate any of his theories  and that he was a liberal socialist with marxist leanings . so  stumbling across the dvd of the     documentary noam chomsky rebel without a pause  in a used video store  a film which followed him on a     book tour for his book      i decided to get it  just so i could have a little bit of knowledge about the man the next time a person  pro or con  spoke of him . while glad i got the film  my initial reaction to this dull and ill edited hagiography was  so what  s all the fuss about   br    br   for a man with so many degrees  lauded as  the most important intellectual alive   by the new york times  according to the dvd  s case  there sure was not a lot there  intellectually speaking . i know i would chew him up and spit him out in a debate  and i wouldn  t even want to watch what a william f . buckley could do to him . granted  the whole film was seemingly about chomsky seeing conspiracies everywhere  and having glazed eyed coeds nod in bewildering approval of the most inane and outrageous things he  d say  rather than being on linguistics  so maybe that  s the reason he came off so badly . but  again  if he is a linguist  and tops in his field  why in the world would anyone care what he has to say on anything outside his field of expertise   . even worse are his acolytes  who seem to further insulate the man from reality  by fostering delusions that chomsky is a target for zionist assassins . what little i knew of chomsky before watching this film  this much i knew he was generally considered a has been  and pretty much irrelevant intellectually  since the fall of the soviet empire . the film is so poorly structured  and without a narrative thread  that it  s difficult to separate all of the jumble . his wife  carol  as example  apparently gave one interview  which was chopped up and dropped wherever in the film . she seems a nice enough woman  but wholly out of her element answering anything but the most basic questions about their life . the lone interesting thing she says is that     was a great thing for the chomskys  for he has reaped a great deal of money in speaking fees since then .  br    br   not surprisingly  this sort of film gives almost no biographical background . it  s assumed that all viewers must know all the plaudits this  great man  bears . chomsky is rarely interviewed one on one . stylistically  there are no camera movements  no interesting edits  nor any signature touches  and most of the film is disjunct rambles by chomsky  videotaped huzzahs of chomsky declaiming on this or that  and slack  jawed and awed students looking at him as if he were immaterial  that is when dimwitted coeds are not asking barely audible and ridiculously simplistic questions to him . this is really poor film  making by director and editor will pascoe  who in the dvd  s filmmaker statement  shows he  s yet another uncritical acolyte of chomsky  s . other than that  one of the surest signs that this is not an objective documentary  but mere agitprop  and a vanity piece of agitprop  at that  is that not a single time is chomsky shown struggling with an answer . he seems to be a font of knowledge that has no bounds .  br    br   given that much of this dreck was filmed during chomsky  s lectures at mcmaster university  in ontario  canada  prior to the american invasion of iraq in      much of what chomsky says seems as remote as things from the vietnam war era . yes  he makes some good points  here and there  on american media complicity before the war  but he follows them up with sheer lunacy  for he seems to not realize that most conspiracies are ad hoc  and not fully plotted out cabals . as example  he claims that the advertising industry is a cabal that mercilessly controls the populace  but says not a word about the zombied populace that lets itself be so controlled . similarly  he claims trilateralists run the world and that people  s fear of crime is yet another cabal  s result . of course  that claim so fully explains away rape crisis centers  and all that wasted time and money district attorneys  offices consume . he also makes the absurd claim that cuba has been the victim of terrorism for decades  when castro and company were great sponsors of it  in latin america  asia  and africa  until the soviet union fell . i can only guess that the ufo conspiracists are just waiting for chomsky to proclaim that gray aliens have set up species  mixing impregnation centers up in idaho .  br    br   in his simpleminded world without grays  chomsky is frighteningly as dense as the members of bushco  whom he reviles  are even more so since they lay no claim to being intellectuals . in short  chomsky is a man living in the past  in over his head on most issues  and out of his depth intellectually . near this film  s end he warns   be cautious when you hear about intellectuals being fighters for justice   yet one can only laugh  as the man seemingly has never met a revolutionary person nor idea that he didn  t like  no matter how barbarous their crimes  and anti  intellectual their posit . please  pause before you waste your time and money on this silly  and already irrelevant  dvd .  
first off  i agree with quite a bit that escapes mr . chomsky  s mouth . his matter  of  fact delivery of interesting counterpoint is what makes the man a hit on the university campus circus . he comes across likable  unassuming  pragmatic . he doesn  t cater to the current political style  obnoxious bi  partisanship  and he sets his sights on the far left as well as the far right  chastising both  and for good reason .  br    br   unfortunately  the film itself is a dud . in fact  i would not even call this a documentary but rather just a collection of speeches . watching  rebel without a pause  is no different from watching a speaker on a  am taped segment on cspan . there are no camera movements  no edits  no stylistic touches . there is no story  no narrative .  br    br   technically speaking  the production is strictly amateurish . audio is terrible and inconsistent sometimes we cannot hear noam speak  other times we cannot hear the questions that are being posited by those in attendance . when noam is speaking rarely are we allowed to see the reactions of the audience except when we are given a quick shot of his wife who apparently attends every one of his speeches and beams with pride every time we see her .  br    br   i cannot recommend this film and would say that you  re probably better off checking out his taped speeches on cassette or cd to listen to in the car .  br    br    out of   stars . . . and i  m in a generous mood today .  
a documentarist  like any filmmaker  must convey a compelling story . will pascoe fails utterly in this effort  cobbling together uninspired snippets of chomsky  s wisdom from a visit to mcmaster university in hamilton . the footage is shot amateurishly and in video . pascoe  s only effort at cohering the fragments into a whole is by periodically throwing a vague title on the screen         activism    truth .   br    br   lame .  br    br   compare this with documentaries like  the corporation  or  the fog of war  which create a narrative drawing material from interviews  stock footage  and filmed footage . in the end each delivers a poignant and insightful message deftly and intelligently .  br    br   the only saving graces of the film are chomsky  s nonchalantly delivered upendings of historical dogma  and the fact that the running time is only   minutes .  br    br   one of the more interesting passages was chomsky  s recounting of his experience with national public radio . he describes the conservative media as more accommodating to dissenting views  while npr  s liberal dogma strait  jackets its interviewees and dramatically limits its permitted messages . yet another media outlet to be skeptical of .  br    br   this documentary is for noam chomsky completists only .  
except for the better than average acting skills of the two leads  this movie is really  really bad . the cheap production values don  t help . of course  you wouldn  t really notice that the production values are cheap if they didn  t keep trying to convince you they had a production values to begin with . even for a b  movie genre freak like myself  this movie really sucks .  
this is a very cheaply made werewolf flick . the video is dark and poorly lit . the audio is uneven and poorly recorded and mixed . the script is cliche ridden junk with the usual characters like the tough detective who shoots werewolves with his silver handgun  filled of course with silver bullets . the acting is as wooden as the characters . the fx are non  existent  lots of extreme close  ups of werewolf jaws and biting . the only thing that is shown is lots of soft  core ta . instead of dropping    for this tripe check out a really great recent werewolf pic  dog soldiers  with sean pertwee .  
what more can i say  the acting was  almost without exception  amateurish . the directing and continuity were pitiful . the sceenplay was predictable down to the very last scene and the dialog tedious . one of the features on the dvd was labeled  gag reel  but that could have been a description of a viewer  s reaction to most of the movie .  br    br   one of the most amusing things was in the director  s comments on the dvd . he said  with a straight face  that he had set out to make a movie with high production values and a name cast  and that he had succeeded . with delusions like that it  s easy to understand how the movie turned out as it did .  br    br   perhaps the most disappointing aspect was the monster . the darkwolf suit was a modified ape suit  per the  making of  feature on the dvd  and rather looked it . the mask and claws were little better than off the shelf jobs from any costume store . the cgi effects were painfully obvious and of quality similar to an inexpensive video game .  
this is only the second time i  ve felt compelled enough to comment at imdb about a film . the first time was for probably the best movie i  ve ever seen and that was for memento .  br    br   seeing darkwolf is at the other end of the scale compared to memento  as in the worst film i  ve had the misfortune to see . apart from the two scenes containing naked women there is nothing in this movie to raise it from the trash  pile that it is .  br    br   let  s see  apalling effects  cliched script  bad acting and about   minutes too long . my wife and i laughed through most of it in disbelief at how bad . amazingly i watched it to the end  how i did that i don  t know  avoid     
all the bare chested women in the world couldn  t keep me from hitting the stop button about a third of the way through this awful rubbish . with the derisory acting  equally terrible script plus the poor cgi fx to match this movie is an insult to the werewolf genre . it is supposed to be serious  which in itself would be funny if this film could even make it to the level of being a bad joke .  br    br   this is one of those movies where the people behind the camera are obviously competent but are too lazy to make something even one quarter decent . avoid at all costs and watch one of the classic werewolf movies instead .  br    br    out of     
let me start by saying that i  d read a number of reviews before renting this film and kind of knew what to expect . still  i was surprised by just how bad it was .  br    br   i am a big werewolf fan  and have grown accustomed to forgiving a great deal when watching one . most of them have sub  par effects  poor acting  and weak storylines  at best rehashed from earlier films  . so far  with the possible exception of some of the later  howling  series films  this is the worst of the lot .  br    br   first  the story . it  s been quoted several times in reviews on this site  so i won  t go into specifics . however  it is very obvious that the writer  s  had absolutely no affinity for lycanthropic monsters . as so often happens when a horror film is given to a writer who considers themselves  above  such fare  they tried to come up with a new spin on the werewolf mythos . that  s fine  but a non  horror fan trying to do this generally has disregard for the intelligence and sophistication of the horror audience and ends up writing down to them . the plot feels like a parody of werewolf films  and the events depicted just ring so false that i felt my intelligence was being seriously insulted . tv news footage  for example  never pans away from the reporter to close  up on someone in the crowd behind them . give the characters and the viewers credit for being able to spot the bad guy in the scene without using a flashing neon sign . and that  s just the tip of the iceberg .  br    br   as for effects  i have never seen a less believable werewolf . i  d have been happier with lon chaney jr . in crepe hair . the beast they used look a great deal like . . . well  like a guy in a cheap rubber suit with some hair glued on and some truly awful animatronics . and  i know that many people have already criticized the cg  but my god it was awful . one scene features a woman changing  and starts with a completely cg version of the actress  nude but for some reason without nipples . my first thought was   hey  why is one of the characters from  reboot  turning into a silly looking werewolf    br    br   anyway  i like to look for positives in any film  and there were a few . the cinematography was passable  the film was shot all  digital  which is interesting  and some of the performances were not terrible . it was also interesting seeing tippi hedron as the world  s most well made  up homeless woman  and kane hodder as the title bad guy . also  the yellow power ranger got all growed up and . . . well  damn . and if you  re looking for skin  there  s some pretty tasty examples . this ends the male  pig segment of the review .  br    br   overall  if you want a good werewolf film  try  an american werewolf in london   the original  the howling    dog soldiers   or even  the wolfen   though that one  s got more wolf than were  . if you  re a lycanthrope completest  then take a gander . otherwise  give this one a miss .  
there isn  t much to say about this film  it is horrible .  br    br   the acting and dialog are way far away from even decent  the story of the hybrid werewolf  s is not very well explained and the whole thing has plot holes here and there .  br    br   cgi is something you wouldn  t like to see . it so amateurish that it makes me vomit .  br    br   the only good thing on the dvd was in the extras . the gag reel . everything else  just waste of time and money . i hope noone will buy this  this is not even worth renting .  br    br   just stay away of this .  
hopalong cassidy with a horse who is not white  not named topper  go figure   br    br   this travesty does a gross injustice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes  hopalong cassidy . the actor who plays him is young versus old  blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands . will the real hopalong please stand up   br    br   one of the worst movies ever made   believe it or not  by the person who brought us the grandfather saga   
i thought i was going to watch a scary movie . . and ended up laughing all the way throughout the movie . in the scene where the human transformed to a werewolf i thought they was kidding . todays computer games have ten times better animations . low budget  is a fitting comment . i would recommend wolf       with jack nicholson for a good werewolf movie . it has good special effects as they should be  human transforming to werewolf  . unless you wish to have good laugh i would not recommend you to watch this movie . this movie is a joke .  
man  this movie sucked big time  i didn  t even manage to see the hole thing  my girlfriend did though  . really bad acting  computer animations so bad you just laugh  woman to werewolf   strange clips  the list goes on and on . don  t know if its just me or does this movie remind you of a porn movie  and i don  t mean all the naked ladys . . . it  s something about the light or something . . . this could maybee become a classic just because of the bad acting and all the naked women  but not because it  s an original movie white a nice plot twist . my final words are don  t see it  it  s not worth the time . if you wanna see it because the nakedness there  s lots of better ones to see   
this is the absolutely worst piece of crap i  ve ever had to watch  actually it was so bad that i just had to watch it     br    br   the cgi is sooo bad it  s fun  it  s not even close to the shitty cgi animations in spawn  that  s how bad it is  har har har . . .  br    br   i  m amazed over the fact that some distribution company actually has put money down to release this on dvd  but i guess they  ll get more money out of it that way   cos the cost of making it can not have been more than a few hundred dollars .  br    br   it  s so awful that a kindergarten class could have made it .  br    br   see it and laugh   
hi  i  m a friend of werewolf movies  and when i saw the title of darkwolf hitting the shelves i was like  hmm  simple and nice name to it at least . althou . . . i wonder why i haven  t heard of it before .   br    br   first of all  the movie starts with tits . lots of tits . tits are pretty much all this movies budget went to . who cares about a werewolf effect  just pay the actresses enough to get topless shots   br    br   so  about the mysterious darkwolf character  a little spoilers ahead  but who really cares . . .  he  s your average everyday biker . not even super  tough looking  but like the old wise woman says in the movie  he is far more powerful and dangerous than you  ve ever faced before .  just by describing her a tattooed biker  type of a guy . pretty original . i even had look twice when they first used the  red glowing eyes  special effect  i mean my god  that  lets  plant  red  dots  on  eyes  with  computer  effect has been used since the seventies . it looks plain ugly here  and don  t get me started with the werewolf  d  cgi . as said before  like an bad and old video game .  br    br   and finally  as i do like werewolf films  like i said . they prettymuch always build a werewolf  legend of their own . darkwolf does build the werewolfworld as well  about some silly legends of hybrid  werewolves and the ancient bloodline . but . it almost instantly after creating the rules of engagement  the darkwolf kills anyone the girl has touched  starts random  slashing . which just doesn  t make any sense  why even bother telling us the rules of killing  when they aren  t even gonna play by them . . . aplus the wolf  point  of  view shots are made with a sony handycam or something  filming mostly the floor and walls . just add growling noises and you  ve got a super werewolf effect . the gore is partially ok . but when the wolf slashes everyone with an open hand  just by basically laying the hand on top of the victims  it just doesn  t do the trick for me . . .  br    br   truly  who gives money to make these heaps of junk straight  to  video horrortitles  they aren  t even funny  kind of bad movies  just sad .  
this flick reminded me of those lame  erotic thrillers  i used to stay up late and watch on cinemax when i was   . i  d label this flick softer  core since there is just no simulated bump and grinder . there is  however  a ton of nudity  the opening scene is in a strip club  we see kane hodder  s keester  or at least a stunt butt  and then an inexplicable   minute lesbian dance scene in the middle of the film and a nude female werewolf who looks like they mugged on of the munster  s for a costume .   year old boys rejoice .  br    br   other than that the werewolf transformation scenes have the worst cgi i  ve seen in years . the shots look like fmv  s from the video game resident evil in terms of quality . the wolf is too bad to be explained and  despite the poor quality of the suit is shown way  way too many times .  br    br   the plot and acting make no sense . there is some oddball back story about werewolves and hybrid  werewolves  the darkwolf is the latter but from what i can tell hybrids do the same thing all werewolves do  look human  change to a wolf an kill people . the darkwolf is trying to find a mate but oddly can  t find the mate but can sniff out anyone she touches . once more  this skills proves less than useful since the darkwolf winds up killing several folks his target never touched  met or even saw as best i can tell . the mate doesn  t know she  s a werewolf and she  s fighting the transformation or something .  br    br   you  d think it  d be hard to mess up a simple monster movie s bad as this but  well they did . want quality low  end werewolf  ism  go rent dog soldiers want a ton of ta this is your flick .  
where to start   . . . i feel . . . violated  thats right  violated  i just spent  .  hrs of my life   .  hrs that i could have spent doing something more useful  like watching paint dry  on this so called horror flick .  br    br   its not scary  its not funny  its not dramatic  its no action  its nothing . . .  br    br   its predictable  its boring  its tragic . . .  br    br   i might come of a bit harsh here  but watch this movie and you will feel the same way . . . or . . . no  don  t watch it . . . unless you want to feel violated also .  
well  no  not really . its not really a good movie  but its not as bad as i thought it was going to be . i really didn  t feel ripped off of my rental money  and sometimes thats all you can ask for . the plot is ok  nothing brilliant or new  the acting is pretty bad  but the cast is pretty . the directing is passable  but the effects are horrible  especially the werewolf effects  which in a werewolf movie  is a pretty big problem . there was a fairly decent amount of nudity  which to me is a pretty good thing  but it wasn  t all that hot . all in all  its a fairly average direct to video movie  not the worst film i  ve ever seen and if you  re bored a genre fan  check it out sometime . i  d even watch it again .  br    br   bonus fact for horror geeks  kane hodder  jason vorhees in a few of them  plays the werewolf .  
i have nothing to comment on this movie it is so bad that i had to put my first comment on imdb website to help some viewers save some time and do something more interesting  instead of watching this  movie  . . . anything will do  even stare at the walls is better .  br    br   and because i have to write minimum   lines of text  i tell you also is a low budget movie  bad acting  no name actors  a stupid mutt as the wolf  and so on . . . also the story brings nothing new  the special effects are made in the    s style .  br    br   the movie is almost as bad as the movie  megalodon  .  br    br   so have fun     not watching this movie   
this is the prime example of low budget  winning over what would be a good story line . let  s bring back samaire armstrong  having seen her work on the o . c . i know she can do better   then find a better script and budget .  br    br   the special effects were so bad  and mostly badly computer generated  that it almost lost me with the first time the wolf was seen on  screen . and samaire armstrong  s  alert   changing into a werewolf was done by reducing her at first to a bad gcif figure before she even begins to change  final fantasy  s humans  as well as pixar  s made these laughable  think of the figure as a nude barbie doll  .  br    br   the story of was interesting  though the idea of bloodline in werewolves is nothing new . as it also got into the balance between evil   maybe  not so evil  and the possible end of human  kind should the two lines mate . the subplot of a  book of werewolf linage  which effected some of the other characters in a spell  like manner for a while was effective  but could have been expanded more in explaining what had happened in the past .  br    br   bring in a better script and direction  and i  d come back again .  
recap full moon . a creature  a huge werewolf  is on the hunt . not for flesh  not for blood  not that it seem to mind to take a bite on the way though   but for a mate . he is on the hunt for a girl . not any girl though . the girl . the girl that is pure  and also a werewolf  although she doesn  t know it yet  . three  well check that  two cops  after the first scene  and an old bag lady is all that can stop it  or even knows that the thing killing and eating a lot of folks around full moon is a werewolf . this particular powerful werewolf  darkwolf  is closing in on the girl . if he gets her  mankind is doomed . now the cops has to find the girl  convince her not only that there is someone  a werewolf nonetheless  that wants to rape her  and perhaps kill her  but that she is a werewolf herself . and then they got to stop him . . .  br    br   comments this is one for the boys  the teenage boys . a lot of scenes with semi  nude girls more or less important for the plot . mostly less . well i guess you need something to fill some time because the plot is  expectedly  thin . and unfortunately there is little besides the girls to help the plot from breaking . one usually turns to two main themes . nudity . check . and then special effects . hmm . . . well there are some things that you might call effects . they  re not very special though . in fact  to be blunt  they are very bad . the movie seems to be suffering of a lack of funds . they couldn  t afford clothes for some of the girls    and the effects are cheap . some of the transformations between werewolf and human form  obviously done by computer  are really bad . you might overlook such things . but the darkwolf in itself is very crude too  and you never get to see any killings . just some mutilated corpses afterwards . and there is surprisingly little blood about  in a movie that honestly should be drenched in blood .  br    br   i  m not sure what to say about actors and characters . most of the times they do well  but unfortunately there are lapses were the characters  or actors  just looses it . a few of these lapses could be connected with the problems mentioned above . like the poor effects  or the poor budget    . that could explain why there is precious little shooting  even if the characters are armed like a small army and the target is in plain sight  and not moving  . but hey  when you  re in real danger  there nothing that will save your life like a good one  liner . . .  br    br   unfortunately that can  t explain moments when the cop  steve  the only one who knows how to maybe deal with the problem  the werewolf that is  runs away  when the only things he can be sure of  is that the werewolf is coming for the girl  who is just beside him now  and that he cannot let it have her . but sure  it let the makers stretch the ending a little more . . .  br    br   but i wouldn  t mind seeing none of the lead actors  actresses get another try in another movie .  br    br   well . to give a small conclusion not a movie that i recommend .  br    br        
in this day and age of incredible special movie effects  this one was a sore disappointment . the actors seemed stiff and uninspired  as was the dialogue . westerns are not common fare for hollywood so much these days  but movies like  silverado  prove that somebody out there still knows how to make a good one . considering that  it is hard to conceive that anyone would go to any expense at all in releasing  much less creating such a weak film as this one . if you love and are looking for a good western  keep looking   
i watched this film alone  in the dark  and it was full moon outside  i didn  t do it in purpose  it just happened in this way . so all the elements were there for this film to scare the hell out of me   well  it didn  t  in fact i wanted to shut off the dvd player after only  minutes  but i thought come on give it a chance  unfortunately i did . the acting was awful  the only one with some decent acting was samaire armstrong . the plot is not original  if you are a horror fan then it is just the same stuff you have seen many times before . some scenes didn  t make sense at all  and you just get the feeling that the director wanted to make the movie longer  the monster was the biggest disappointment of the movie . the  scary  scenes looked like they belong to a horror movie from the   s when there was not enough technology  yet some good movies were made back then  i was surprised to see the name of a major production company at the beginning of the movie  i thought couldn  t they put some money in this and make it decent    i couldn  t agree more with the ratings that the movie got  it is also my rating for it   out of   .  
darkwolf tells the tale of a young waitress named josie  samaire armstrong  who had been leading a pretty ordinary life until her friend mary  tippi hedren  is killed by a werewolf  you see werewolves actually exist in modern day america  there is even a special organisation within the police force to fight the werewolf threat headed up by detective steve turley  ryan olosio  who has the difficult task of telling josie that she is in fact a pure blooded werewolf herself  that a so  called  dark prince  werewolf  kane hodder  wants to mate with her  create a new breed of pure blood werewolves that will take over the entire world  or something like that . understandably josie has a hard time believing it  that is until she sees the evidence with her own eyes . it  s up to werewolf cop steve to save josie  the day  the world . . .  br    br   co  executive produced  directed richard friedman i thought darkwolf was a pretty bad low budget shot on a digital camcorder horror film that didn  t really do anything for me . the script by geoffrey alan holliday starts out promisingly enough being set in a strip club with plenty of naked breasts on show  then there  s a werewolf attack which leaves someone splattered everywhere but after this decent opening sequence it  s pretty much down hill all the way i  m afraid . for a start it  s slow going  it  s dull  it  s predictable  it  s populated with highly annoying character  s who come out with lots of bad dialogue  do stupid things like when they have the opportunity to shoot the werewolf they don  t  i have no idea why but they prefer to just stand there instead . the script is dumb  doesn  t explain itself  why has josie never turned into a werewolf before  is she really the only one  why can  t this  dark prince  find another female werewolf  there are also lots of other things which make little or no sense like an ancient book which at fist seems quite important but is then totally forgotten about half  way through but you get the idea anyway  as a whole the film plods along in very linear fashion to a very predictable climatic showdown that is underwhelming to say the least .  br    br   director friedman lights the film quite well with bright neon but this is noting new or original  doesn  t really improve the film as a spectacle . now let  s talk special effects or rather the lack of them because the effects in darkwolf are far from special  the werewolf transformation is achieved using cgi  it  s among the worst looking cgi i  ve ever seen  seriously a playstation would be embarrassed about these computer graphics . it  s easily the worst werewolf transformation i  ve ever seen  an american werewolf in london       was made over   years ago yet the special effects in that are literally light  years ahead of the ones seen in darkwolf  who says special effects have improved over the years  the animatronic puppet effects aren  t much better either although at least there  s something psychical on screen . the gore isn  t up to much after a gory opening kill there  s some blood splatter  plenty of dead bodies but not much else . thre  s a fair amount of female nudity if that  s your thing but don  t get too excited because you still have to sit through a terrible film to see it  is it really worth it   br    br   technically darkwolf is alright apart from possibly the worst cgi effect ever  it  s reasonably well made  it at least seems to have production values . the acting is what you  d expect really .  br    br   darkwolf is yet another low budget piece of crap horror film that litter video shop shelves  clutter the schedules of obscure cable tv stations  i didn  t think it was as bad as some but it  s like saying going to the dentist is slightly more fun than going to a funeral although when all said  done they  re both horrible still . . .  
why bother seeing this movie  if you have great movies to see . it is a total waste of time and money . the movie is so bad that i felt bad for wanting to watching it . everything in it is bad . actors were bad . script was really bad . the story is stupid . and the worst cgi ever . the only good moments were the first   seconds of the movie in the strip club . one interesting thing that  there is a characther that we wish that he dies because  he is so stupid that we get enough of him .  i don  t remember the name but was the boyfriend of the  chosen one  .   br    br   noteif you want to see a good movie  this movie isn  t the right choice .   stars out of    
another in a long line of flicks made by people who think that knowing how to operate a camera is the same as telling a story . within   minutes  the entire premise is laid out in just a few lines  so there is absolutely no mystery  which eliminates a whole facet of the suspense . the only half  way competent actor is killed   minutes into the film  so we  re left with stupid characters running around doing stupid things . low budget films can  t afford expensive special effects  so the cgi portions are unsurprisingly unimpressive  but were at least a valid attempt . the creature suit is terrible  as seen when it falls to the sidewalk  and the director keeps emphasizing the eyes  which aren  t even the red color shown in mirror shots . the dialogue is clumsy and uninspired  with some lines reminiscent of aliens or terminator . the last action sequence takes place in a police station  also a rip  off from terminator  with everyone hiding in the one glass lined office that the darkwolf doesn  t smash into . in the end  the girl calls the hero  a good protector   but he gets both his partners  the original protector  and at least three other civilians  not to mention a dozen cops  all killed without getting a decent shot off  in spite of an arsenal of silver bullets and a submachine gun . but here  s the real clincher for bad writing they could have killed the beast right after the beginning credits when it was holding the stripper while flashing its red eyes . instead  they took it into custody     
this move was on tv last night . i guess as a time filler  because it sucked bad  the movie is just an excuse to show some tits and ass at the start and somewhere about half way .  not bad tits and ass though  . but the story is too ridiculous for words . the  wolf   if that is what you can call it  is hardly shown fully save his teeth . when it is fully in view  you can clearly see they had some interns working on the cgi  because the wolf runs like he  s running in a treadmill  and the cgi fur looks like it  s been waxed  all shiny    br    br   the movie is full of gore and blood  and you can easily spot who is going to get killed  slashed  eaten next . even if you like these kind of splatter movies you will be disappointed  they didn  t do a good job at it .  br    br   don  t even get me started on the actors . . . very corny lines and the girls scream at everything about every  seconds . but then again  if someone asked me to do bad acting just to give me a few bucks  then hey  where do i sign up   br    br   overall boring and laughable horror .  
the only reason i even watched this was because i found it at my local library  and will berate them mercilessly for having wasted public monies on it   and despite the plethora of tits and ass  it didn  t take long to realize that the fast  forward button was my friend . terrible direction  pedestrian camera work  sporadically bad  to  nearly  passable acting  chintzy effects  and one of the worst screenplays i  ve had the displeasure of seeing brought to life  such as it was  horribly crippled and mutilated  in a long  long time . best laughs actually come from the  making of . . .  featurette  in which the poor saps involved with this hdv mess attempt to justify their lame efforts as if they had been working on something special  instead of something that won  t be utterly forgotten next week . wait  except for the fact that somehow someone lured tippi  the birds  hedren  of all people  into doing a bit part  along with kane  friday the   th  hodder  how this came to pass  i  ll never know  and to be honest  i don  t really care . watch at your own risk  and don  t say you haven  t been warned . this is film  making at its pretentious  craven worst . it only gets a  from me for having some good  looking naked women  and even then  just barely .  
dark wolf  quick review  let  s get right to it this is a repugnant piece of rotting roadkill with cow sht on it . it  s just an awful movie . it  s an urban werewolf movie with some of the worst acting imaginable and a story as weak as any gangly nerd from an    s high school drama film . what  s worse is that poor kane hodder was duped into playing the gigantic evil werewolf . kane fcking hodder . someone  s trying to ensure that playing jason voorhees is the height of his film career . . .  br    br   anyway  former playmate jaime bergman is also in the movie and she eventually becomes a werewolf  too . it  s kind of a crappy cop drama with the world  s worst looking werewolf in it . but it does have moments of near  rampant nudity . but that  s about all . want to know more  okay  the werewolf is generally an ugly  looking black blur zipping around the screen . and when we  re privileged enough to actually see a transformation sequence  we  re presented with something that resembles a full  motion video from a video game made during the early stages of the playstation . the first playstation . the cg animation is really that primitive . only good for horror hardcore fanatics that want to see small moments of nudity surrounded by rampant visual vomit .      br    br   www . residenthazard . com  
hip . erotic . wickedly sexy . . . whatever . it  s  the terminator  with werewolves .  br    br   no  seriously . the cop saves the girl  waitress   from the big monster and refers to himself as her  protector  . the lead actor ryan alosio does a pretty good job of emulating kyle reese . . . there  s a massacre in a police precinct . . . the bad guy is muscular with red eyes . . . and it even contains dialogue along the lines of  you said it yourself  he won  t ever stop . never .  the dire script comes from a first  time screenwriter who  thank god  hasn  t sold anything since this  and it  s all thrown together by famously bad director richard friedman .  br    br   the movie opens in a strip bar  always a good sign   and a mean  looking biker guy bursts in for no apparent reason  pursued by three cops . one of them is black  and  shock horror   he  s the one who gets killed in the first five minutes . the film goes downhill for the next hour or so  then picks up a little with some decent action sequences  before rounding it all up with an abysmal ending .  br    br   for the most part  the cast come across as competent actors doing what they can with a bad script and a director who  s willing to settle for less . if nothing else they appear to be learning how to act in this movie and alosio  along with some of the supporting cast  shows signs of talent . darkwolf in his human form is played by gargantuan kane hodder   famous for his numerous portrayals of jason vorhees in the  friday the   th  movies . he  s decent enough  especially considering he isn  t used to speaking roles .  br    br   it  s become famous amongst groups of horny teenage boys for the lesbian rooftop scene between andrea bogart and sasha williams  who gets her kit off a couple of times in the grand tradition of former  power rangers  actresses . and it  s unnervingly clear that the editor spent way too much time on that scene . . . anyway  the main redeeming feature is that the physical werewolf effects are rather good  and the design of the wolf isn  t bad at all . but the cgi is bad . just plain bad . i mean seriously  if you can  t reach some level of realism  why bother  just throw a little extra money into the make  up  aside from the terrible script  this movie does have it  s moments  many of which are unintentionally funny . it  s good for a laugh if you don  t have anything better to do  but just don  t spend any money on it . please .  
what a horrible  horrible film . the worst collection of cliches i have seen in a long time . not that i saw much . i left the theatre screaming after about   minutes in search of a stiff drink to soothe my nerves . meryl streep was awful as usual . how many hurt and tortured expressions can  person have  aidan quinn  s talents were  as so often  totally wasted . and who told gloria estefan she could act  trying to be polically correct this movie still enforces racial stereotypes .  brave inexperienced lonely music teacher teaches underprivilegded kids violin in poor neighbourhood school  . the kids weren  t even cute  just written in to suit the appalling script . aaargh  wes craven really made me cringe for once . real horror this one   
i saw this movie at a  sneak preview  and i must honestly confess that i do not like films with meryl streep that much . this picture was the worst . half the theatre did not return after the break halfway the film . i couldnt blame them  if this wasn  t a true story there had been absolutely no need for the second half of the picture . just before the film goes forward in time about ten years i myself was expecting the credits to appear .  
we saw this on the shelf at the local video store  saw  coppola  in the credits and got excited . that was the one and only time this movie raised any interest . i could never quite work out if it was an attempt at a humourous film that failed miserably  or an attempt at a serious film that failed miserably . in general  the entire production seemed incredibly amatuerish . the sound in particular was absolutely dreadful  especially in the scenes shot in the little bar the dialogue was so corny in parts it was unbelievable . very disappointing .  
this kind of  inspirational  saccharine is enough to make you sick . it telegraphs its sentiments like the biggest semaphore on earth . it removes from the audience its own interpretation and feeling by making the choices for it . the big finish is swimming in weeping orchestration that must supposed to work like jumper cables on a dead car i guess you  d need such prompting to feel if you  re stupid enough to watch a film as simple  minded and sappy as this . streep glows and you wonder if she really has the depth of feeling on display or if it  s just that    a display  switched on and off like a light . because i can  t for the life of me see how she could possibly find life in such a dud of film . even though it  s based on a true story  and an inspirational one at that i  m sure  the set  up  execution and performances play like a third  rate tv movie or half  witted high school drama .  
  nacho libre         br    br   directed by jared hess  br    br   starring jack black  ana de la reguera  hctor jimnez   darius rose  br    br   mpaa rating  pg      for some rough action  and crude humor including dialog   br    br   say what you will about it  i know some people who despise it to no end   but i have always thought that  napoleon dynamite  was a funny movie   not the brightest brick on the wall  but a funny movie  nonetheless . jack black is also a very funny man   irritating at times  yes  and massively overrated by adolescent audiences who practically worship him  but funny . there has rarely been a jack black comedy that i did not enjoy to some degree . so  i was very happy to hear that jared hess  the writer and director of  napoleon dynamite   and jack black would be teaming up for a movie about a spanish friar who becomes a wrestler to save an orphanage . my only reservation was that the plot seemed a little too thin . unfortunately  my one reservation turned out to be downfall of the entire movie . this plot  had it been done as a skit on some such show as  saturday night live  or possibly even  mad tv   would have worked flawlessly . unfortunately  the plot runs far too thin over the approximate one and a half hour runtime and this one  joke comedy falls flat .  br    br   nacho was raised in a mexican monastery and became a devout man of the lord . feeling shunned by the entire monastery  nacho  black   now the monastery  s cook  decides to follow his dreams to become a professional wrestler . as the monastery  s finances hit an all  time low  nacho decides to join a wresting tournament so that he can win the prize money and provide good food for the monastery  s orphanage . this plot sounds so sweet and caring . it seems like the perfect movie for jack black . look what he did with  school of rock  after all . well  to my displeasure  this plot is almost completely ruined by offensive and gross humor that just takes away from the heart of the movie . it is again hollywood  s way of showing that they feel that teen audiences will only understand fart jokes and stupid humorof course  for all i know  maybe that is the general thought of teenagers  as many seemed to enjoy this movie . watching an obese woman scurry like a mouse across the floor will certainly make people laugh  but don  t expect to get an award for putting it in your movie . a seven  year  old could make up the same joke .  br    br   the performances in  nacho libre  are actually good . jack black proves once again that he is absolutely hilarious and that he can make even the most idiotic  worthless lines in ever put on paper comical . unfortunately  this movie just wasn  t enough for him . it didn  t give him anything to go on and the only reason any of his jokes worked was because of him . i had never seen or heard of ana de la reguera before  but now i can say that  not only is she quite talented  but she is also one of the most beautiful women to have ever graced my eyesight . she just clicked in the role and it worked wonderfully well . hctor jimnez  who plays nacho  s bumbling partner  esqueleto  kept me laughing continuously . he did a very nice job and it was very effective when partnered with that of jack black  s . darius rose  who plays an orphan named chancho  didn  t have many lines  but  what can i say  i just enjoyed him . he was adorable . the rest of the cast did their job . it is unfortunate that they were wasted on such a sub  par movie .  br    br    nacho libre  just does not work . its plot is stretched far too thin . the heart of it all is soiled by moronic humor and sickening jokes that just don  t work . i very rarely laughed and  if i did  it was because of jack black or another member of the cast . and that leads me to the bright side of  nacho libre   yes  the cast . this cast was justwell  for lack of a better word  they were on . they all clicked  had excellent chemistry together  and pumped as much life as possible into the flat script . after jared hess  s  napoleon dynamite  kept me thoroughly entertained for the entirety of the movie  i was surprised to find myself so often bored with  nacho libre  . something was lost here and i have yet to understand what it was . all i know is that  nacho libre  is not a good movie and yet  because of its cast  it is completely worthless . there is a small reason to watch  if only to watch jack black work . but  if you are not a fan of jack black  then avoid this movie like the plague . i like black  but i am done with this movie and with this review .  br    br   final thought yikes  this is jared hess  s surprisingly disappointing follow  up to his hysterical  napoleon dynamite  .  br    br   overall rating      c   
jack black is an annoying character . this is an annoying indie movie for   year olds . do i have to write eight more lines  ana de la reguera is dang fine to look at  as a mexican nun who puts up with the rather forward and rude advances of jack black . this movie is a pg   version of an indie film . i really like a movie that has the courage to explore mexican culture . this movie explores mexican culture  deeply . i just choke on its cultural rudenessjack black is just so rude . a white person like jack black is not my most valuable emissary into mexican culture  as it were . mexican wrestling culture is not the most diaphanous venue a white guy  such as myself could seek . i suspect mexico is more culturally opaque than jack black has presented here .  br    br   i think imdb changed my review . has anyone else had his review changed as well  just a question .  
we loved school of rock and jack black . we couldn  t wait to go and see this movie . it was the only time in my life the movie was so bad i wanted to walk out . my husband hated it too . the only funny parts were in the trailers . my husband and i wanted to stand outside the movie theater and tell people to save their money . the writing was awful . it had every terrible stereotype of hispanic people who should be utterly offended . the movie wasn  t that long but to us it seemed like an eternity . the people in the theater were so restless and silent it was like watching paint dry . i made my husband stay because i was sure there would maybe be some redeeming parts  but there weren  t . save you money and your time .  
what a disappointment   br    br   this film seemed to be trying to copy  cutting edge  comedy but the direction and the script was sloppy  sickly and sentimental in the worst film tradition . jack black  s acting  role was self  indulgent and self  regarding . . . and the other characters were equally unmasking and uninteresting . the soundtrack was tedious . we are  were  fans of black but none of us did more than mange a forced titter for the duration . why did he feel he needed to make this mistake   br    br   we will not watch another of his films without reading reviews more carefully first    br    br   was he drunk when he read the script before signing up for this drivel   
i mean  really . . . either i suddenly lost my sense of humor or this is just a really bad movie . it  s stupid  ridiculous and just not funny at all .  br    br   since i saw the preview i knew it wasn  t going to be a great movie  i just didn  t think it was gonna be that bad . . .  br    br   what happened to the good old times when you could find clever funny lines at any movie  when the actors didn  t have to play ridiculous roles in attempt to be funny  . now we find ourselves with movies like this one  borat  little men  scary movie  where i could not find the funny parts    br    br   just skip this piece of garbage  br    br   p . s .  sorry for my english   
i  m sure deep in the recesses of jack blacks mind the character of nacho libre is absolutely hilarious but no it isn  t . you can tell ol jacks having a whale of a time hammin it up playing a smarmy  slimy mexican friar with dreams of becoming a wrestler but this movie is a total misfire in just about every single department .  br    br   i just sat there through most of the movie thinking  is this supposed to be funny  and  this is the guy from tenacious d right   . the truth is this film has nothing to offer . at all  it  s a lousy script with crappy characters and really naff acting and direction . you  ll watch endless moments where you think something funny is surely about to happen but it just doesn  t . i was bored stupid about   minutes in but though it would surely pick up . it didn  t .   minutes later i  d barely managed to stave off an aneurism it was that painful .  br    br   it  s like  remember years ago when you  d see anything with your fave actor in it  even some of their really early pap from before they were famous  and you  d be really embarrassed that said actor was actually in such a load of plop . yeah it  s like that .  br    br   i  ve enjoyed some of jack black  s earlier movies like shallow hall and i  m really looking forward to seeing pick of destiny but come on man . if you do this to us again jack i  m gonna have to come round there and hammer your kneecaps or something . at the least give you a serious talking to .  br    br   i know it  s a clich but this is one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen and for so many reasons . . . .  
jack black can usually make me snicker simply by breathing  but in this movie . . .  br    br   besides the direction  writing  lack of plot  constant mugging  aided and abetted by constant straight  on camera shots   and a .    joke batting average  it was still an utter waste of time . the idea sounds promising  but what potential there was gets wasted with an utter lack of comedy and some of the worst direction i  ve seen this side of you  tube .  br    br   i kept hearing that this film portrayed mexicans very negatively . while that  s no doubt true  i really don  t think this movie is meant to be racist . i think that  s it  s more a result of a  creative  team desperately trying to find something funny in this mess . you can almost hear them crying out from behind the camera  hey look  it  s an ugly mexican  laugh  people  please  for the love of all things tenacious  laugh    br    br   but put the racism charges aside . when you get down to it  it  s anyone who plunked down good money and time to watch this pile of leftover refried beans that should be offended  imo .  
  a mexican priest becomes a wrestler to save an orphanage or something   br    br   i went to see this movie because it was about non  wwf wrestling and so i thought it might be funny . it wasn  t . it is excruciating to watch . embarrassing . any and every opportunity for comedy is mercilessly squandered .  br    br   i admit i don  t like jack black anyway . after this i have been racking my brain to think of one good role that he has performed . the only thing i can come up with where he was o . k . was as a necessary foil to the john cusack character in  high fidelity  . jack black is one of those awful relentless flat  out ham  it  up knockabout guys  like the little fat one in abbot  costello or jerry lewis  who should be told that being overbearingly idiotic is not the same thing as being funny .  br    br   it is not even slapstick . it  s just irritating . it  s not even stoopid  it  s just stupid .  br    br   i heard good things about napoleon dynamite too  but if this is anything to go by i wont be rushing out to find it on dvd .  
are you kidding me   a show highlighting someone who opens cans and envelopes for a meal  how talented do you have to be to do this  she may be able to cook but it is not portrayed in this half  hour stomach churning painful production . i know she has a martha  stewart  esquire empire . so does warren buffett but i don  t see him with fake knockers opening cans of cream corn and alpo .  br    br   she has a nephew named . . . brycer . brycer  stop talking about anyone a name that stupid .  br    br   more time is spent on  table  scapes  than actual cooking . who has that kind of time   silicon should be on your spatula  not on my tv . this show should be on cartoon network  not food network .  
this movie appears to have been an on the job training exercise for the coppola family . it doesn  t seem to know whether to be an  a  or a  b  western . i mean  the hero is called hopalong cassidy for god  s sake . william boyd must be spinning in his grave .  br    br   all the  b  western cliches are here . the two  gun pearly toothed hero in the white hat with the trusty steed   c  mon thunder    the all  in  black bearded villain  the heroine in distress  the rancher in trouble  the cowardly sheriff  over the top bad guys etc .  br    br   the acting  with few exceptions  is strictly from the yakima canutt school of acting . chris lybbert  who   as the hero and louis schweibert  who   as the villain look like they would have been more at home in a    s poverty row quickie . the addition to the cast of veteran performers martin sheen  robert carradine  clu gulager and will hutchins helps a little  but they are not given enough to do to salvage this one .  br    br   what was the point of the martin sheen  robert carradine framing sequences  are we to believe that the sheen character was a ghost  what was the purpose of the black gloves  it just didn  t make sense .  br    br   being a great lover of westerns from all genres  i tried hard to find some redeeming qualities in this film . the cinematography was quite good and the settings looked very authentic . aside from the hero and main villain  the other characters looked authentic .  br    br   if the producers were going to resurrect the hopalong cassidy character  they might have given some thought to portraying him as he was originally written  a grizzled foul  mouthed ranch hand with a chip on his shoulder  the kind of part lee marvin would have excelled in .  br    br   what else can i say but . . on thunder  on big fellow .  
there is a reason why this made for british tv movie only appeared at the     toronto film festival . it is dull  plodding and lacking in suspense .  br    br   peter otooles diffident performance and the appearance of playwright harold pinter are the only elements of interest .  br    br   note  some british film fans will enjoy seeing philip jackson  best known for his portrayal of inspector japp in the poirot television series  in one of his earliest roles . . . .  
very much a film from the times   extremely long sequences with no dialogue  bad flashbacks  and an almost entirely male cast . the two women who appear have a total of under   lines and exist only as romantic interests for men .  br    br   o  toole is riveting whenever he speaks unfortunately  he spends much of his time peering through shrubbery . alastair sims is always a joy to see but he  too  is terribly underused .  br    br   the film has one additional positive aspect  in that it depicts many aspects of british fascism and fascist sympathies  such as the casual appearance of the mosley graffiti  that many people today are unaware of . too many of today  s films about wwii paint the allies as all  good and the axis as all  evil  when history tells us people are far more complicated than that   br    br   this would be a good movie for when you  re recovering from the flu and are bundled on the couch and not able to absorb anything too complex . if you just need something to pass the time while your electrolytes stabilize  this is the movie for you .  
      s undeservedly popular  i love the    s  is an inane  idiotic  offensive and downright disgusting pop  culture mess of a show that was the first in a long  line of horrid television programming that ultimately spelled out the end of vh   which was at one time the only real music  oriented channel left on tv  i used to practically live on vh  up until the spring or winter  i forget which one now  of     when garbage like this started to appear for absolutely no reason whatsoever . out of sheer morbid curiosity  i  d guess that  s what you  d call it  i had decided that i would go ahead and give it a look  see anyhow the first night it came on even though the advertisements looked like complete crap . at least i can honestly say that i wasn  t a bit disappointed by it because my expectations were obviously bottom basement  level to begin with . the emphasis of this show i found out within the first  minutes was less on each year of the      s and what was and wasn  t culturally significant or popular  which is what i was expecting to see   but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really god  awful no  name comedians to display what they more than likely think is their comedic skills rolls eyes . . . more like lack  thereof if you ask me  it  s pretty easy now to see why no one had ever heard of any of these idiots before they appeared on this show because they are all so terribly unfunny and pathetic in their attempts at so  called  humor  that i swear i could feel my intestines knot up with each and every rancid one  liner they shot off one after another  altogether  i have no problem in saying that  i love the    s  was  is trash of the lowest denominator  and one of the main reasons why i almost never watch vh  anymore .  
if it wasn  t for the bad dialogues and script . i mean  the direction was really in touch with it  s subject . the actors were doing good at bringing their characters to life . but in the end  the thing that was really missing was a solid script to hold all the pieces together . i would highly suggest not to watch this . unless you  re a al pacino enthusiast like i am and will watch everything he is playing in . even if the result lately are rather poor . this is  after s  m  ne  a second very bad movie for this actor that once knew how to choose roles .  
al pacino  kim basinger  tea leoni  ryan o  neal  richard schiff  my mouth was watering . i dropped everything to watch this movie on cable .   minutes in i was having trouble staying awake .   minutes in and i hit the record button and fell asleep . finished watching it the next morning . shouldn  t have bothered . what a waste of a great cast and an idea that could have been an interesting story of a  day in the life . . .  cure your insomnia if you have it and watch this movie . i guarantee you at least an hour and a half of uninterrupted sleep . dialogue horrible . continuity non  existent . camera work could have been done with a hand held super  and looked better .  br    br   this movie was a total disaster .  
unless somebody enlightens me  i really have no idea what this movie is about . it looks like a picture with a message but its far from it . this movie tells pointless story of a new york press agent and about his problems . and  thats basically all . when that agent is played by pacino  one must think that it must be something important . but it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningless and dull this movie is . to one of the best actors in the world  al pacino  this is the second movie of the year  the other is  simone   that deserves the title  the most boring and the most pointless motion picture of the year  . so  whats going on  al   
saw this movie in an early preview  and i cannot stress enough how bad i thought this film was . from the very beginning  the audience was groaning over pacino  s awful southern accent . poor al looked really  really haggard  and i can  t decide whether this was purposely part of his role as a drug addicted publicist  or perhaps he just didn  t get any sleep before coming to the set . much worse than pacino  s close ups  however  is the wretched excuse for a plot . early in the film we are given indications that pacino  s character is gay  and i suspect that is what the screenwriter had originally intended . later  however  we are supposed to suspend our incredulity and believe that both tea leoni and kim basinger  both of whom are sleepwalking through lame roles  lust after this elderly  half dead looking  effeminate man with the ridiculous accent . the worst part overall was the main plot thread  which had to do with some corporate espionage that is never fully explained and we never  ever care about in the slightest . because this was a preview i will reserve my final judgment  because of the possibility of re  shoots and editing  but you can bet i will not pay a cent to see this in theaters .  
in what seemed like the longest  hour   i  ve had to endure in a long time  al pacino delivers an accurate performace to be sure . not his usual typecasting  which was nice . but his character was just truely pathetic . someone to pitty as he stumbles around forgetting appointments as we realise that the hollywood social life has drained him of his life energy . but in this movie we needed someone to like . and for some reason  every character in the picture said  i don  t know why i like you  eli  to al pacino  s chracter and i couldn  t even come close to liking him .  br    br   all the other actors played their usual styles . tea leoni  richard schiff  and bill nunn did nothing to change their established personas developed on tv or in earlier films . and kim basinger wasn  t even in the film long enough to deliver a performance of any kind .  br    br   the movie  s story had no momentum . most scenes never driving the story forward  but rather just collecting factoids about characters which later came into play in an anti  climactic ending . it had potential except for their unwillingness to build upon the story .  br    br   whats the point of the film  daniel algrant and jon robin baitz would have you believe  once hollywood has you  you can  t get out .  yeah right  and that  s why so many people get fired in hollywood .  
firstly  i must admit that it isn  t a good movie . and  i would never watch this movie if pacino wasn  t in it .  br    br   the movie is about a publicist  s strange   hours . and he is overworked  dizzy  sick and sometimes regretful . i don  t like the character at all . it  s really boring  after   minutes you may fall asleep . and i don  t understand why pacino wanted to be a part of this horrible movie . just because of money or what   br    br   since i  m an avid pacino fan  i bought this     movie people i know . if you haven  t bought it yet  don  t even think about it  it  s just a waste of time .  
much as we all love al pacino  it was painful to see him in this movie . a publicity hack at the grubby ending of what seems to have once been a distinguished and idealistic career pacino plays his part looking like an unmade bed and assaulting everyone with a totally bogus and inconsistent southern accent .  br    br   the plot spools out this way and that with so many loose ends and improbabilities that the mind reels  and then retreats  .  br    br   kim basinger is there  not doing much . her scenes with pacino are flat and unconvincing . hard to believe they meant a lot to each other . there  s no energy there .  br    br   tea leone  on the other hand  lit up the screen . she was electric and her scenes with pacino were by far the most interesting in the movie  but not enough to save al from embarrassment .  
i don  t know what this movie is about  really . it  s like a student  s art school project . they never say why the world is dark  but it is always darkness except for seconds a day . there are long  interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for no reason . what little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images . a black woman enters the main character  s apartment . somehow she becomes pregnant overnight  then gets shot in the head . the main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges . i have never been so blown away by how bad and pointless a movie can be . honestly  i would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think it  s about . but i wouldn  t wish this level of hell on anybody else .  
the only good thing about  people i know  is that it serves as a perfect example of movies that al pacino should avoid performing in . the first big turn  off i had was the way in which pacino tried to portray a georgia accent at times it was weak and unattractive while in other segments it seemed too overdone . dialogue and character interaction was terrible along with a weak plot . the supporting cast did an extremely perfunctory job in keeping the movie interesting  and within an hour i still saw no signs of a sturdy plot . the story overall is a real bore  and i had to slap myself in the face a few times to keep myself awake .  br    br   this movie will surely bore you as well . . . avoid at all costs .  
the movie is about two stories one is a political murder of a call  girl  the other an upper  class political party . the crossing point is the public relation character played by al paccino  as he is the witness of the crime and the instigator of the evening .  br    br   if the script is terrible without any decent dialogs and the directing void of any sense of drama  the performance of al is memorable how many fellows can be as much convincing as a powerful and feared man  as  the godfather   as here as a little servant  see also  donnie brasco   .  br    br   actually  the big young lion has become a tired old one . this passing of ages is very moving  because it makes the audience ponders about getting old too .  br    br   but his slowness is only a make  up because he can get back his energy in church scene .  br    br   maybe it is a good thing that the movie is so awful because it put the starlight on al  s talent   
very silly movie  filled with stupid one liners and jewish references thru out . it was a serious movie but could not be taken seriously . a familiar movie plot . . . being at the wrong place at the wrong time . an atrocious subplot  involving kim bassinger . very robotic and too regimented . i have noticed that al pacinos acting abilities seem to be going downhill . a troubleshooter with troubles  but nothing more troubling than pacinos horrible atlanta accent . damage control needs to fix this damage of a film . ok my one liners are bad  but not as bad as the ones in this film . this movie manages to not only be boring but revolting as well . usually a revolting film is watchable for the wrong reasons . this movie is unwatchable . i did manage to sit through this . the plot  if written a tad bit better  with  perhaps a little better acting and eliminating the horrendous subplot  and even dumber jokes  could have pulled this thriller out of the doldrums . what we are left with is a dull  silly movie that made sure it was drilled into our heads that eli wurman was jewish . an embarrassment to all the good jewish folk everywhere .  
  people i know  is a clunker with no one to root for and no one to care about   despite the game efforts of a talented cast .  br    br   pacino delivers his usual tour de force as eli wurman  a past  his  prime publicity agent hollowed out by a lifetime of moral corruption . but unlike michael corleone  it  s impossible to have an emotional investment in this character  his dilemma  or his fate .  br    br   the film traces eli  s preparations for a benefit for a liberal political cause  while distracted by a client  s  ryan o  neal  good in an underwritten part  latest  dirty laundry    in this case  a tv actress companion who  s gotten involved with the wrong people . tea leoni brings her customary star power to this supporting role  although again  the script doesn  t give her much to work with . as eli  s sister  in  law  kim basinger manages to evoke sympathy despite implausible plot mechanics .  br    br   this movie is strictly for those who like watching pacino strut his stuff  and enjoy the other principals . unfortunately  between the script and direction   people i know  is strictly amateurish . hence its limited theatrical release  and speedy journey to dvd . consider yourself warned .  
this is a truly terrible film .  br    br   i  m only writing this so that some people somewhere are put off watching it . if i have stopped one person from wasting some of their precious life watching this film i shall die happy .  br    br   unutterably dull  although since it stars al pacino i was fooled into thinking that at any moment something interesting was going to happen . then the credits rolled  and i realised i had been completely fooled into watching this unbelievable drivel .  br    br   i cannot believe that this film has achieved as high a score as it has at imdb  over  stars when i last saw the voting  . are you people voting ironically   br    br   please  please  please do not watch this film   
yes  mtv there really is a way to market daria . what started as a clever teenage angst   comment on everything that sucks and make the viewer feel better about their sucky teenage life  sitcom now mutated into a  how you should deal with your problems   charade . i used to watch daria all the time and loved it . now  sitting here after watching the so called  movie  i can only wonder what the point of this all was . daria tells us how to lead out life in college  excuse me  didn  t the point daria made every episode that what you like to do is ok  as long as it is ok with yourself no matter what the rest of the sick sad world thinks of it  this entire thing reminded me of the scene in  reality bites  the movie channel shows the documentry for the first time .  
i wanted to watch this movie  but one bizarre ridiculous scene after another forced me to shut it off . character  s don  t seem to react to anything . consider this heath ledger is walking a night  through a cemetery i believe  when he is attacked by spirits  which he drives away . once past this ordeal he calmly walks away and meets up with a friend that saw it all . when asked what happen he says blandly  attacked by demons  nothing serious .   as if this is only a little more exciting than a flat tire .  br    br   i shut it off when they go to ask something  a demon or something  i stopped caring  a ques ion . the answer can only be rented out of someone with the energy of their death  and the priest watch in what appears to be vague annoyance as a man is strung up and hung and they ask his thrashing  dying body question .  br    br    out of  stars .  
the orders fatal flaw  besides an asinine plot  is that the character  s simply don  t resonate or even react .  br    br   two examples a priest  walking through a graveyard late at night  is suddenly attacked by ghostly spirits . after fighting them off  he calmly resumes his walk when his buddy come up .  anything wrong   his buddy asks  having seen the attack .  just some demonic spirits  nothing i couldn  t handle .  no reaction  no surprise  just like he  d changed a tire . his buddy is equally unconcerned . . . must be standard priest training . . .   and then you put the wafer into their mouths . any questions  ok  moving on  demon spirit attacks . . .    br    br   example two at one point the priests need an answer to a question  and only a demon  or something  who cared by now  could provide it . how  why  you have to ask a dying man  so the demon has some random person hung in front of the two priests so they can ask their question to the thrashing  gasping man .  hey  don  t kill him   or maybe  that  s not nice   would have been more realistic then their response . they never ask that they let the man go or stop  in fact  the closest to reacting they get is mild annoyance . they ask their question and go .  br    br   i had to shut it off at that point  my brain was starting to atrophy .  br    br   avoid  br    br       one star out of four   br    br    
this really is the worst film i have ever seen . ever . period . i actually paid   .   to watch this steaming turd of a movie . incredibly dull  poorly acted  dire script  often incoherent and too many scenes that don  t seem to have any relevance to the overall film  like when heath ledger  s priest partner get  s nailed to a wall by a ghost . . . what was the point in that scene  answers on a postcard please . . .   br    br   i should have got a medal for sticking with this film for it  s entire running time . i would rather take a strong kick to the groin than sit through this film again .  br    br   this should be cast into imdb  s bottom    . hopefully my vote of     will help it on it  s way .  
always enjoy great films which deal with the super  natural and the deep thoughts of the spiritual world . however  this film just turned me off as far as its production and direction . there is nothing to go into deep discussion about what this story has to tell all i can say is that it was a big waste of time and effort to put it on the big screen . the actors  namely mark addy  thomas garrett  gave an outstanding performance in his native land england  and we have seen him in  still standing  a tv series . heath ledger  played the real wicked dude and we have recently viewed him in  brokeback mountain       gave a great supporting role . shannyn sossaman   mara sinclair   did a good job of seducing a priest from a church not recognized by any faith . don  t waste your time  you will be sorry   
i was really horrified by this eerie movie . what an unusual dark atmosphere . and such a creepy musical score . really promising  indeed  after ten minutes you really start sweating  and feeling uncomfortable  for you start fearing the worst . this movie has the atmosphere of a true nightmare  and what  s worse  it all comes out . for one hour and a half i have been trying to fight complete boredom and falling asleep  but the monstrous soundtrack kept me awake . nuit noire is a truly horrifying picture  for your eyes  your ears  your intelligence  and most of all your wallet  since the thought of spending precious money on a movie ticket for this cheap amateuristic homevideo is the biggest horror of all .  
first of all  i have to say i have worked for blockbuster and have seen quite a few movies to the point its tough for me to find something i haven  t seen . taking this into account  i want everyone to know that this movie was by far the worst film ever made  it made me pine for gigli  my boss  s daughter  and any other piece of junk you  ve ever seen . belyt must be out of his mind  i  ve only found one person who liked it and even they couldn  t tell me what the movie was about . if you are able to decipher this movie and are able to tell me what it was about you have to either be the writer or a fortune teller because there  s any other way a person could figure this crap out .  br    br   for the love of g  d stay away   
the order starts in rome where the head of a special order of priests who deal in ghosts  demons named brother dominic  francesco carnelutti  is found dead  cut to new york city where one of his order alex bernier  heath ledger  is contacted by top  brass cardinal driscoll  peter weller  who ask  s him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding dominic  s death . along with his girlfriend mara willims  shannyn sossamon   fellow priest thomas garrett  mark addy  alex travels to italy to delve into his mentor  s death  as the truth begins to emerge it appears that dominic was a  sin eater  someone who absorbed other  s sins  lived with the burden of them so they could die peacefully  that the church wasn  t happy about his activities . alex must do what  s right even if it goes against what he believes . . .  br    br   also know under the title the sin eater this american german co  production was written  produced  directed by bian helgeland  didn  t really do that much for me if i  m honest  i usually am  honest that is . anyway lets start with the mess of a script that has some ok ideas but it  s throughly predictable  excruciatingly dull  boring  really silly at times  it takes itself far too seriously . the whole concept is daft  while it thinks it  s clever with it  s oh so neat twist ending that ties everything up  brings the story full circle i thought it was the most obvious  lazy way to end things . there  s the usual religious themes here  morality  sin  forgiveness  faith  belief  prophecy  s  blah  blah  blah you know the sort of thing . then there  s the twists which aren  t hard to see coming  there  s the abuse of power by high ranking clergymen  corruption  greed  evil  etc . you know the sort of clichd hollywood ideals  themes that get reused every time it deals with the church . the order has nothing new to say  as a serious piece of film  making it sucks  a lot . i  m not too sure who the order is meant to appeal to  as a die  hard horror fan i didn  t see much horror in this at all  as a thriller it  s less than thrilling  as a mystery it  s too predictable  there  s nothing here to really grip or maintain ones interest  for some reason i cannot figure out the imdb also lists the order as an action film which is absurd as it  s as exciting  action  packed as the average episode of sesame street       present   harsh maybe but it  s what i think . . .  br    br   director helgeland does an ok job  the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme  it all looks a bit drab  grayish  dull . for a supposed horror film the order is very light on scares or horror elements  in fact there aren  t any of either apart from two evil kids who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason  don  t ask . forget about any gore or violence as there isn  t any which is fine but it would have helped at least make the order somewhat watchable . according the imdb  s  trivia  section the release date of the order was put back so some of the special effects could be improved because they looked unintentionally funny  all i can say is judging by the finished film the effects must have been really bad to start with because they aren  t exactly brilliant as it stands now .  br    br   i was amazed to see the order had a budget of about            which is a hell of a lot of money  i just can  t see where it all went apart from the sets  production design which are good . the whole film looks  feels very average  utterly forgettable . the acting is ok although the annoying fat guy who seems to be some sort of foul  mouthed comic relief irritates  a good actor such as peter weller deserves better than this .  br    br   the order  i prefer the title the sin eater actually not that it matters too much  misses all of it  s intended targets by the proverbial mile as far as i  m concerned  is a pretty dull way to waste    odd minutes of your life so don  t do it  not recommended .  
i was not entirely impressed by this film . it was originally named sin eater and should have stayed that way considering that is all that was talked about for the last half of the film . i  m not even sure what the first   minutes of the film had to do with any of the rest of it . it was very slow and what was with picking robocop  peter weller  as one of the main actors . that was a sad point .  br    br   all in all i would say check this out if you are into things dealing with the catholic religion but don  t expect an exorcist or stigmata from this film . it will surely flop after a few days and word gets out .  
ok  i didn  t have high expectations but this film descending into depths i could not imagine .  br    br   the plot  as it were  involved a priest of an obscure  member order investigating the death of the founder of the order by a sin eater . the sin eater allows for catholics to achive salvation outside the authority of the church and is yet another immortal in film with loads of ennui . nevermind that this makes no sense since then a baptist could give you salvation . . . . we  ll move on .  br    br   i  ll layout the plot w  o giving much away the priest goes to rome with his buddy to investogate . he brings with him a mental patient  i  m not making this up  who shot him during an excorism and who loves him  not one lick of this btw is explained   a drunk irish priest and peter weller as a cardinal . they get to rome  find some creepy kids who do nothing in the film  meet with a bondage gear sm anti  pope that the drunk irish guy knows  not explained  and who gives information by killing people  oh  btw  he  s a bad guy so he has an industrial  techno soundtrack  and then . . . umm  seriously  i  m not sure . the plot meanders about . heath chills with the sin eater  flies to new york with the sin eater for an overnighter and then some other stuff happens and then  all off camera  the anti  pope falls and the film ends .  br    br   about  hour into the film one really wonder if anything has happened . by the end something has happened but you can  t be at all certain that it matters and since most of the drama takes place either before the movei or off  scren you  re really feeling cheated .  
the coming attractions to  the order  make it seem like a decent horror mystery  thriller  but what we get is a plot that has potential to be excellent all thrown together to form a pile of garbage .  br    br   first off the whole movie consists of terrible dialogue and god awful special affects . the acting was also nothing to be proud of  but keath ledger  i think i spelled that right .  saved the movie in this category .  br    br   for heaven  s sake don  t see this movie   
this sorry excuse for a film reminded me a great deal of what i heard about  gigli   that ben and jen flop earlier this summer .  the order  was clearly edited to such an unconscionable degree that the scenes  rather than forming a cohesive and provoking film  appeared to be a collection of disconnected sequences that did little to forward any semblance of a unified plot . now  i  m a heath ledger fan     things i hate about you    a knight  s tale  and particularly his supporting role in  monster  s ball    but my man needs to find himself a better agent . keep accepting scripts like  the order  and  four feathers  and he  s going to be on the fast track to movie oblivion .  br    br   here are the problems i had with the film . firstly  the director tried to make up for the inadequacies of his essential plot by introducing two other plot lines that seemingly had little if anything to do with  well  much of anything . plot skeins involving the american trying to take over the vatican and the dark pope  while mildly interesting  did nothing to reveal to the viewer anything about the main characters . the attempts to tie these threads together were pathetic at best . secondly  please don  t insult the intelligence of the viewer by inserting into the film scenes that are clearly obligatory . we had manufactured angst  manufactured love and most idiotically manufactured sex that seemed like a page right out of  matrix reloaded  with skull  numbing techno music . rather than developing character  these elements seemed like the cheap devices they clearly were  a half  hearted attempt at putting popcorn  chewing adolescents in the seats . thirdly  and most importantly  this movie seemed to ha ve an intriguing concept . we have scandal  we have religion and we have supernatural forces at play . why then do we learn almost nothing about anyone  s background  we learn a little about alex  but even he gives up the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days  a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past . and alex is the most developed  if you can call it that  character in the entire film .  br    br   as the cliche goes nowadays  if you  re going to see one movie this year  make sure it  s not this one . there  s about ten interesting minutes out of the intolerable    minute affair . the only thing that saved me was going with a girl who i  m rather fond of .  br    br    out of   . i  m disappointed . file this one firmly under  had potential but blew it on over editing and bad directing  . heath my man  go back to monster  s ball  like cameos . they really suit you .  
my friends and i walked out after   minutes  and we weren  t the first . afterwards  we tried to get our money back . movie theater management wouldn  t allow this  but they did agree to let us see another film . the only time that worked for us was to see dickie roberts former child star . as you can tell  this wasn  t a memorable night . probably one of my worst movie nights . close second has to be when i saw a double header of domestic disturbance and heist . in conclusion  for the sake of humanity  please don  t see the order .  
what was the worst movie of       cat in the hat    gigli   mais non  i propose that it was this atrocious little film from earlier in the year . badly written  badly edited  and  if i may be so bold  badly acted   the order  is the black hole of film  a movie so dense not even the slightest bit of entertainment could escape from its event horizon of suck . it isn  t even accidentally funny  like  for example   showgirls .   br    br   you know that the producers are assuming that their audience isn  t going to be very smart . they renamed the movie  originally titled  the sin eaters   because they figured americans were too stupid to understand what a sin eater was  even though they go to great lengths to explain what a sin eater is in the movie . instead  they figure an utterly generic title and a picture of heath ledger looking sullen are more than enough to get you in there .  br    br   and  hey  what do you know  they were right  my ex  girlfriend saw the picture of heath and dragged me in . congratulations  producers  you  ve met your target market . she also liked  grease ii   so you  re in good company .  br    br   back on topic  heath plays a catholic monk from a specific  you guessed it  order that is trying to investigate the murder of his mentor . he has celibacy issues  possibly because nobody in their right mind would believe that he knew the slightest thing about religion  much less be a celibate monk . the only other member of this order is a funny alcoholic fat guy . as much as i  ve wanted to see the return of the funny alcoholic to the big screen  his attempts at humor reminded me of all the dorks in my high school who did imitations of monty python  thinking that if they just said the lines like the pythons did they would automatically be funny . you know the sort of people i  m talking about .  br    br   if i utter any more  i would be in danger of generating spoilers . frankly  the thing that spoiled this movie for me was the fact that it was created .  
i shouldn  t even review this movie  since it  s not actually a horror movie   and thus not worthy of dr . cheese  s attention . at least  it  s not horror in the usual sense . it  s certainly a horrifying proposition to waste your time watching this crap . that  s why i turned it off after the first four hours . imagine my surprise  then  when the clock showed that only   minutes had passed . yep  that  s right in plain terms  this movie is b  o  r  i  n  g .  br    br    the order  had lots of flaws  not all of them unique . in particular  it seems to me the main problem with the  religious  subgenre of horror films is hollywood  s unwillingness to engage christianity on its own terms . it is quite possible to make truly creepy films that are also orthodox . just ask william peter blatty . in fact  without orthodoxy  films like this are just an anything  goes smorgasbord of the filmmakers   usually dull and illogical  imaginations .  br    br   think about it . if someone made a movie ostensibly about  say  physics  but not only got the basic laws of physics wrong  but based the entire plot on its wrong portrayals  you would soon get tired of the resulting pointless plot . the same goes for these sorts of movies .  br    br   in other words   the order   and many similar movies before it  invent out of whole cloth stuff about the catholic church and about the christian faith and attempt to build a plot out of these inventions . unsurprisingly  the plot ends up being incoherent and stupid . this movie has the added charm of being as interesting to watch as your toenails growing .  br    br   avoid this steaming pile .  
the turgid pace of this movie numbs us to any shocks that it might provide . there was no real suspense . most of the characters were insipid . the chesty irish priest was as lame as the love interest . interest is misleading . the girl that they chose to provide the film  s sensuality might be better . the central conflict of the main character was uninvolving . this film is entirely devoid of positives . it is like a tedious exercise by someone who didn  t want to go to the gym that day but did anyway .  
even if this film was allegedly a joke in response to critics it  s still an awful film . if one is going to commit to that sort of thing at least make it a good joke . . . . . first off  jeroen krabb is i guess the poor man  s gerard depardieu . . . . . naturally i hate gerard depardieu even though he was very funny in the  iron mask  three musketeer one . otherwise to me he is box office poison and jeroen krabb is worse than that . the poor man  s box office poison . . . . really that is not being fair to the economically disenfranchised . if the   th man  is supposed to be some sort of critique of the bourgeoisie . . . . what am i saying  it isn  t . let  s just say hypothetically  if it was supposed to be  it wasn  t sharp enough . satire is a tricky thing . . . . if it isn  t sharp enough the viewer becomes the butt of the joke instead . . . . . . i think that is what happened . the story just ends up as a bunch of miserable disgusting characters doing nothing that anyone would care about and not in an interesting way either . . . . .  for a more interesting and worthwhile application see any luis bunuel film . . . . very sharp satire   br    br   potential spoiler alert  br    br   really  the blow job in the cemetery that jeroen krabb  s character works so so hard to attain . . . . do you even care  is it funny  since mr . voerhoven is supposed to be a good film maker i will give him the benefit of the doubt and assume it was some misanthropic joke that got out of control . . . . . though i  m guessing he didn  t cast jeroen krabb because he  s the worst actor and every character he  s played has been a pretentious bourgeois ass . . . . except he  s incompetent at it . so it becomes like a weird caricature . do you think mr . voerhoven did that on purpose  and jeroen krabb is the butt of the joke as well  i just don  t see it . . . . . . so you understand the dilemma i  m faced with here right  it is the worst film ever because he  s supposed to be a good director . so there is some kind of dupery involved . i knew  patch adams  was horrible without even seeing it . do not be duped by  the  th man  s deceptively alluring packaging or mr . voerhoven  s reputation as a good director etc . etc .  
my interest in dorothy stratten caused me to purchase this video . although it had great actors  actresses  there were just too many subplots going on to retain interest . plus it just wasn  t that interesting . dialogue was stiff and confusing and the story just flipped around too much to be believable . i was pretty disappointed in what i believe was one of audrey hepburn  s last movies . i  ll always love john ritter best in slapstick . he was just too pathetic here .  
the good fellas at webster  s dictionary define logophobia as the fear of words  . i may just be logophobic . for no word combination scares me more than when at the beginning of a film  credits contain the words produced  written and directed by   and are followed by a single individual  s name . think about it . there are carpenters  electricians and plumbers  but so few jack  of  all  trades . even the most seasoned of directors like speilberg and scorsese rarely take such control of their films . but there i was  all nestled in my theatre seat  popcorn in hand and about to watch the order when hurled at me like a nolan ryan fastball  were the words produced  written and directed by brian helgeland  . whoa   br    br   being a film buff  i knew of brian helgeland . as a writer his filmograpghy over the past   years would be graphed like a dotcom company  s stock price in     . there were as many theatrical unpleasantries  assassins  the postman  conspiracy theory  as there were critical and award winning successes  l . a . confidential  mystic river  . they seemed to alternate  one good  one bad  so knowing that his last film  bloodwork was one of the most wasted efforts in clint eastwood  s career  i took a breath and hoped for the best . in retrospect  i should not have exhaled .  br    br   the order stars heath ledger  helgeland  s a knights tale   as alex bernier  a priest in an order known as the carolingians  who is summoned to rome when a fellow priest is killed under circumstances that the arch bishop deems curious  . meeting up with father thomas  also of the order and played wonderfully by still standings  mark addy   they set out to piece together the riddle left behind in the wake of the priest  s untimely death .  br    br   complicating matters is a sub plot involving mara sinclair  played by shannyn sossamon  who has escaped from an institution that was the result of her attempts to kill alex during an exorcism . alex has feelings towards mara and for some reason unbeknownst to the audience  they travel to rome together .  br    br   nary a good nights sleep goes by and alex is confronted by william eden  benno frmann  who claims to be a centuries old sin eater . a sin eater  as we are told  are those that eat the sins of a dying individual when the church does not  thus allowing entrance into heaven . william  as luck would have it  is tired of a life of healing and looks for alex to take over his role and free him from his worldly duties . alex is reluctant  but after the death of his new love mara  alex resorts to the ritual of the sin eater to save her and the transformation is complete . alex then searches for answers to his many queries while father thomas unveils the vatican plot behind the passing of authority to his fellow investigator .  br    br   the order is not a terrible film  but it is terribly boring . there were ridiculous special effects and no connection with any of the characters . even in the most dramatic scene  that of alex walking in on the dying mara  is pale and bland and leaves us with no emotional response towards the couple  s plight . everybody seems to talk so quietly and unemotionally that the film flat lines and smelling salts could have been administered to keep me from trying to grab a quick nap in the middle of the film .  br    br   so  mr . helgeland  i plead with you not to try this again . share your vision with others and allow those more experienced to help direct you in directions that are not so narrow minded and self  serving . until then  there is nothing emanating that shows you are capable of anything more than a failing grade . two stars .  br    br    
horrible waste of time  bad acting  plot  directing . this is the most boring movie ever  there are bad movies that are fun  freddy vs . jason   and there are bad movies that are horrible . this one fits into the latter . bottom line  don  t waste your time .  
in the bygone days of the catholic church  a sin  eater was an individual that  through ritual  would take the sins of a dying person upon themselves . often  these people were excommunicate or similar individuals who the church would not absolve  thereby denying them entrance into heaven . the sin  eaters were seen as blasphemous  circumventing the chruch  s monopoly on redemption . sex this up a bit with some overt supernatural mojo  let the concept wander where it may  and you have  the order   a movie that combines  stigmata   s religious anti  authoritarianism   the x  files   paranormal investigation  and  the thorn birds   sexual spirituality into an odd melange that sometimes works .  br    br   alex  heath ledger  is a rogue priest  one of the last members of the order of the carolingians  a semi  heretical order of knowledge  seeking  demon  fighting priests . when alex  s mentor is found dead under bizarre circumstances  bishop driscoll  peter weller  sends alex to investigate . tagging along are fellow carolingian thomas  mark addy  and mara  shannyn sossman   who was subject to one of alex  s exorcisms a year prior . the three go to rome to investigate and are drawn into a dark underworld of bizarre catholic heresy  ominous prophecies  demonic intrusions  and a man claiming to be the last surviving sin  eater  benno furmann  .  br    br   written and directed by brian helgeland  who worked with the same principals on the scattershot and half  hearted  a knight  s tale    the film is an odd one  and difficult to classify . it wants to be several things at once   supernatural thriller  religious intrigue  dramatic television pilot   and only sometimes succeeds at any of them . this isn  t helped by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepwalking through their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance . ledger  in particular  has a particularly stunning scene of despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance . sossman  however  displayed the same disconnected performance that she  s given in all of her films  most notably in  the rules of attraction   .  br    br   the plot itself meanders back and forth between several different story arcs  leading you to wonder which is the main one with each arc containing its share of red herrings . large gaps of narrative appear to be lost between scenes at times  which can be confusing for many  but this is also one of the film  s saving graces . the structure of the film   coupled by the fact that there is never a truly clear antagonist until the very end of the film   forces the viewer to analyze and reason in a time when most films are blatantly obvious about everything  the exception to this is historical background on the carolingians and the practice of sin  eating  both of which are explained in dry exposition  . even at the beginning of the film  character relationships and history are inferred instead of explained . combine this with the on  location shooting and judicious use of special effects  and you have a very old  world supernatural thriller  with even the opening credits reminiscent of something from the late    s  early    s .  br    br   a brief mention here  as well  for the subtle and organic score by david torn  a combination of minimalist orchestration and lisa gerrard  style exotic vocals . a very nice score that is evocative without being bombastic and exists in a very deceptive simplicity .  br    br   a confusing plot  a lack of purpose  and sometimes sleepy performances would often damn a movie  but for some reason   the order  remains watchable . many people will be very turned off by the movie for its odd sensibilities  and some may even become angry that they are forced to engage the higher functions of their brain to understand it . still  the film  s sheer intangibility will prevent it from being either a critical or commercial success until the dvd  which i  m sure will be stocked with copious amounts of deleted scenes . a recommended film only for people who like to think while they watch .  out of   .  
the screenwriter poorly attempted to re  create the  exorcist  . but put in some blah  blah love story that makes you sick instead of keeping you engaged . there is no substance whatsoever in this entire film . it had the potential of being something special but blows it by showing a bunch of people yack about things nobody cares about . extremely boring  i wanted to leave the theater when i saw this but the dumb movie tickets were expensive so i had to withstand the dreary torture which felt like it lasted forever . nothing on screen connected relevance back to whatever the characters were talking about .  br    br   they use computer graphics in here that instead of wowing me  as it intended  i hate cgi  just ruined the movie even more . some people say this movie did horrible in the movie theaters because of how  thought  provoking  and  slow  paced  without  action  because it  s an intelligent film  it was . what is so intelligent or thought provoking when the story is basically about pretty boy heath ledger as a priest who has a love interest and disobeys his religion  seems like an uninspired concept . oh and there  s some mumbo jumbo about the  sin  eater   movie was originally going to be titled  sin  eater   . lame concept but the movie took the  sin  eater  thing too seriously  making the movie become pathetic and delusional about how dark and intelligent it was . yeah  i know there were really sin  eaters in the medieval times but this movie just makes it sound cheesy .  br    br   nothing in the movie was executed right and i forget why i even bothered to see this movie . if you want horror films that actually have depth  watch rosemary  s baby  the tenant  naked blood  society  cannibal holocaust  pin  exorcist  omen  or any of the romero  dead trilogy  films . nonsense dialogue does not equate to intelligence people  mainstream movie fans think that though  same kind of people that think a ridiculous movie like hulk is a cinematic masterpiece  . if you want mind  numbingly boring horror  watch the order . this movie makes church seem like a roller coaster ride .  
potential spoilers  br    br   man  this movie was awful . a catholic  superstitious  suspense thriller it goes over already well tread ground from previous movies .  br    br   the doubting priest . sex and the priesthood . politics and religion . church hypocrisy . conspiracy involving the church . the dawn of a new evil age . all kinds of dark magic voodoo battles between good and evil .  br    br   pretty stupid and lame with a weak storyline to suffice . the story revolves around two concepts absolution  better known as the sacrament of anointing the sick  the last rights a person can ask for to cleanse one  s sins while on the brink of death and excommunication  the act of cutting a person off from the church . basically  an excommunicated person can  t receive absolution . thus comes in the sin eater  and i  ll leave it at that . throw in all the dopy things i already listed and you have  the order  .  br    br   i found the sex scene with the priest interlaced with shots of a picture of the virgin mary rather insulting to catholics . it also ends with heath ledger saying  i paraphrase   i am the redeemer and damner of sins  i live on without love blah blah blah   cue him walking in dark alley with long trench coat alla  the matrix  .  br    br   i gave this movie a  for not only being crappy and unoriginal but also because it managed to insult an entire faith in the process . if you want to see something better i suggest  the prophecy  with christopher walken .  
yeah  well  i definitely had regrets about giving up my saturday night watching this strange little  yet very long  movie . apparently neither did the main character for stealing two hours of my life . here  s the epitome of the antihero in  no regrets .  we have this jerk  so messed up  so wandering  so selfish  aimless and unlikable that it was extremely hard to get past the attraction a highly favored businessman  s up  and  coming son  jaemin  unless it was just that physical attraction . he claims otherwise  that it  s love . but after watching this  it  s like loving charles manson because you dig the beard .  alright  he  s not that bad  but still no real redeemable characteristics .  i could never get past the reason jaemin endless stalks sumin . it was never shown  just told  that jaemin loves sumin . perhaps it  s a culture thing that flew over my head crazy  stalking  mad love over in seoul . it has to be  because a little more than half the movie is one stalking the other and the last part is stalking back and forth to the point i thought this was turning into a screwball comedy . i was waiting for a tiger named  baby  to make an appearance . okay  so sumin works two jobs while going to school  so far so good on someone trying to better themselves . but after his first taste of his stalker  s attraction  he gives up his day job for some kind of prostitution ring . what  ok  well  as previously mentioned  the obsession doesn  t stop due to the job  career change and if you throw in a bunch of other very angry characters you get one messed up movie where unbelievable occurrences just seem to happen without buildup . basic movie  not     terrible  but you can do better with foreign gay  themed movies .  
no one is a greater fan of geroge macdonald fraser  s flashman papers than i am .  br    br   i was surprised to see just now that richard lester directed royal flash  since i also see he had made the three  four musketeers with fraser which i though turned out rather well .  br    br   not so royal flash .  br    br   i was   years old when the film was released and could not have been more enthusiastic since i had read all the flashman papers published up to that time  and was intoxicated with a clockwork orange and malcolm macdowel  i still am  but he was never really given a chance after that  .  br    br   what a disappointment  i saw it once again when i was about   on television and it seemed even worse  .  br    br   none of the sharp dialogue in the books is transfered to the screen . the comedy of flashman  s character seemed to me to have been mishandled in about the same way one could imagine a group of high school students trying to parody it would do . the dueling and fencing was awful and undramatic .  br    br   looking back with more mature eyes  the film failed completer to exploit the possibilities of direct satire of earlier film versions of the prisoner of zenda .  br    br   if you have read the book and not seen the film  i can only say that the film ends with flashman and rudi von starnberg becoming fast friends and playing a game rudi has just invented russian roulette .  br    br   a pathetic betrayal of everything the books are about .  br    br   my comments would be more direct if i had seen the film more recently  but i am glad i have not .  br    br   if by any chance fraser ever reads this  i can only say i think he is a genius   perhaps the greatest comic novelist of his generation  but  based on my appreciation of that corpus of work  it as hard to believe that he wrote the screenplay of this film  as that he did all those awful roger moore james bond films .  
as an avid fan of the flashman books by george mcdonald fraser  i looked forward immensely to seeing flashy on the big screen when this film was first released . sadly it was a huge disappointment then  so i left it alone for   years before going back to watch it again  but it was no better the second time . mr fraser is a tremendously skillful writer  but i am not a fan of his film screenplay work with richard lester . the penchant for slapstick spoilt  the three musketeers  for me and the same applies here . to me  the whole tone and feel of the film is wrong . the flashman books are uproariously funny in parts  but they are adventure novels . there is much seriousness in the way the adventures that flashman has  after all  he is involved in dangerous situations . this is conveyed in the novels  but not conveyed at all on film due to the its comedic style . it is a tremendous shame as it could have a great film had it been a more faithful adaptation of the style of the book . when i first read that the book was to be filmed  the article said that the film was to star oliver reed . i rejoiced  as reed to me was the epitome of flashman . how i would have loved to see him in the role . malcolm mcdowell is a good actor  but does not fit the visual image of flashman created by the books  too scrawny looking  flashman is supposed to be a big strapping fellow  . neverheless reed was excellent as bismarck . what kills the film is that it is made as a comedy . the only scene in which it creates the true atmosphere of the book is the scene in which flashman kills de gautet  tom bell  . a great shame  as the production values  costumes  sets etc are superb and the casting is generally excellent  just about everybody in the film is well cast apart from malcolm mcdowell . possibly the directorship of richard lester was responsible for the way the film is  as a recent radio adaptation of  flash for freedom   adapted by mr fraser  worked quite well . perhaps one day we may see flashman done justice on screen .  
raymond burr stars as an attorney caught up in the murder of his best friend  dick foran  thanks to his affection for his friend  s wife  angela lansbury  . this was a full year before he started doing perry mason  so the movie might be of particular interest to his fans if it was the inspiration for his casting .  br    br   there isn  t all that much else here that  s interesting though . lansbury is always good  but her character here is very one dimensional and the motives for her crime in the mystery are totally obvious . there  s an interesting performance by lamont johnson as a painter who  s also in love with the  femme fatale   but the burr character is pretty straightforward . it  s frankly bizarre to see an actor like burr doing these romantic scenes with lansbury  and his halting delivery does not match his character here very well as it does in most films i  ve seen him in . there  s no mystery at all really  and the whole suspense is supposed to be around the title of the film and the way that burr  s character is setting up the lansbury character to implicate herself  double jeopardy prevents her being tried again for the original murder  presumably  . he does so with a very large tape recorder which she doesn  t notice when she comes into the room i guess .  br    br   a few perhaps unintentionally fun moments and basically the rest of the thing could have been done for tv .  
this insipid mini operetta featuring a eddy  mcdonald prototype in a valentino scenario is so bad it becomes an endurance exercise after five minutes . it  s silly from the get go as this brevity opens two military men discussing the lack of manliness in the son of one of the officers . in under a minute he is packed off to morrocco where he lives a double life as the red shadow the leader of an arab tribe that would rather sing than fight .  br    br   alexander gray and bernice clare possess fine light opera voices  with little acting ability  and there  s a decent bass in there as well but the acting is so haphazard scenes so ill prepared you get the feeling they are making things up as they go along .  br    br   this two reeler was part of a larger stage production that lists six writers . with more room to spoof and warble the show may have had some entertainment values but this rushed quickie is little more than an insult to an audience waiting for the feature presentation .  
i saw this movie in my international cinema class and was grossed out from get go . this movie is nothing but one scene of blatant shock value after the next .  br    br   the  th man is about an alcoholic writer named reve  who has visions of his in  pending danger . he meets up with a woman named christine when giving a lecture at a local book club  and only decides to stay with her when he discovers how attractive her boyfriend is . to put it plainer  reve likes the dutch sausage . so reve concocts a plan to seduce christine  s boyfriend so he can ultimately have sex with him . but its later discovered that christine has had  previous husbands  who she all murdered . now reve and christine  s boyfriend could be  the  th man .  the storyline makes sense with no plot holes . the editing and everything else that is technical about this movie is perfectly fine . the movie is just gross and i felt the need to vomit in some parts . basically  this isn  t my cup of tea .  br    br   the movie opens with reve getting out of bed in just a t  shirt . so in the very beginning  you get to see reve  s lovely pecker flopping around as he walks around his cramped apartment in a hangover state . later on he has a dream where his pecker gets cut off by a pair of scissors  and they do show it along with the blood fountain that ensues . reve fondles a statue of jesus and has homosexual sex in a mausoleum . plus there  s a lot of blood . more blood than all the freddy krueger movies combined .  br    br   not that i have anything against  shocking  scenes  but this movie is just so blatant when it comes to shocking . the whole movie is revolved around the shock value .  br    br   so if any of this is your cup of tea  watch this movie . otherwise  stay far far far far far away from this one . my mind is still scarred .  
i read john everingham  s story years ago in reader  s digest  and i remember thinking what a great movie it would make . and it probably would have been had michael landon never got his hands on it . as far as i  m concerned  landon was one of the worst actors on earth  and his artistic license went way over the top  similar to his massacre of the  little house  book series is proof . the acting  for lack of a better word  is atrocious  the screenplay sloppy  and there are more close  ups of landon  s puss than should be allowed .  br    br   this movie reflects everingham  s story as much as  little house on the prairie  reflects the books is was  based  on . it  s just another vehicle to show off landons horrendous hair .  
there is so much that is wrong with this film  but to sum it up terrible acting  so bad it must have been on purpose . poor script  they may have had some good ideas but this was not the best way to present the story . ridiculously bad ending  in some cases the ending manages to save the film  not in this case . if you manage to sit through the entire film you will want to kick yourself at the end because the ending is not even worth waiting for . this is the worst film i have seen in a long time . it was complete torture sitting through this film  i would have appreciated someone warning me in advance . so do yourself a favor . watch this film only if you have absolutely nothing better to do . even then you will regret having put yourself through the unspeakable torture .  
the premise of this movie was decent enough  but with sub par acting  it was just bland and dull .  br    br   spoilers the film does not work because of the nature of the death  it was accidental  so although it was a murder it wasn  t like the guy set out to do it . also through some flashbacks there is a secret that is revealed that sort of makes the events like justice to a degree . there is no emotion in this film . the first   minutes or so is just this woman calling her sister  and hearing her message . it was dull and boring .  br    br   with some polishing  and better acting it could have been pretty good .  
ok . . . i watch a lot of bad movies . i pride myself on that fact . many times there are some gems in the b rated bombs . but this movie is one of the worst i have watched . i like a good horror movie . . . but one with a plot of and sense of movement . the opening scenes seemed pretty good . decent music and imagery . then it goes down hill from there . one of the main characters has a disability  ringing in the ears called tinnitus  . now this will in turn threaten to reveal his secret . they made that too much of a focus of the movie . so what he has ringing in his ears and accidentally left an ear plug somewhere where that he shouldn  t have been . no need to keep bringing it up . so this guy is having an affair with this girl and in a motel she falls and hits her head on the end table . so instead of letting everyone know of his affair he decides to dump the body . now her twin sister is trying to find out where she is and what happened to her . well after seeing her sister over and over again  as a zombie like ghost  and even pointing directly to the location of the body she finally finds her . now the body is recovered and she is set out to deal with the one and only suspect that killed her . bad thing is that she didn  t have much of a plan . only to pretend to be her twin and met the guy where the body was dumped . the idiot didn  t even believe he killed her . so all is revealed there and even though she had a gun . . . . somehow she manages to get herself strangled . so the last scenes of the movie are of the  spirits  of her and her twin walking out of the water . so you mean to tell me in this movie the bad guy wins . and not one but two innocent people die .  br    br   good things about the movie imagery  br    br   bad things about the movie music sound effects long and drawn out misdirection of plot low grade acting from some not all actors  
i also saw this movie at a local screening about a year ago . first  i  m going to say that it looks great . cassella is incredibly talented and a fantastic cinematographer . i just wish the movie had been as good as it looks . i would not call this a horror movie . putting in a few shots of a decaying ghost does not make it a horror movie . there  s no mystery  there  s no suspense  you know who did it the entire time .  br    br   it  s a drama . you know what  s going on with both sides the entire movie . the acting was okay  i guess  but nothing special .  br    br   and the tagline   revenge can be deadly  . . . . really  . . . they should have check how many hundreds of horror  thriller movies have that exact same tagline   br    br   it pains me to say some of this  but i know a lot of the people who worked on this movie  and i know they don  t want people blowing smoke up their ass  so i give my honest opinion .  
okay at first this movie seemed pretty good even though it was moving rather quick and even though they only had a        budget it was good but if you found your sister dead in a lake and found out who might have killed her why would you go chase him around and pull a gun on him with only one bullet and waste it and end up running from him all retarded and get yourself killed  plus after you found your sister dead in the lake and found a clue and figured out who the killer was why wouldn  t you hand that clue over to the police who think you killed her  and at the end of the movie when she acts like her sister who was a waitress and she is talking to the bad guy she should of met him somewhere and recorded him saying she was dead and what happened for her  proof  . i don  t know i was not happy with the ending . this movie could of been so much better if it lasted longer and the acting was better and if the ending did not suck so bad  do not waste your money on this movie because if you do you will be writing a review on here too and will not be happy .  
just okay film about a woman who is a twin having disturbing visions of her sister in danger back at home . she then returns home to find all is not well and that she is going to have to find out what happened to her sister and why .  br    br   this is the sort of thing that kind of almost works but doesn  t quite . i can  t really put my finger on why it didn  t work but it was good enough that i kind of wished it was better  or at least had gotten the little things right  like having the girls who play the twins in the flashbacks be closer in size . i think perhaps thats whats wrong with it there are lots of little things that just are wrong .  
so the wife and i just finished it despite several threats from both of us to turn it off . for the most part boredom was the worst part of this movie  there was just very little excitement . the acting was atrocious  to the point where we actually chuckled several times during some of the worse scenes  the church lady for example  . the dead sister was using paranormal means to contact her living twin  although rather then send useful information she focused on trying to scare the hell out of her instead which looked a lot like the ring . rather then get the police involved   which i  m sure those earplugs she found would have dna all over them   she instead devises a horrible plan to  get  the man who covered up the accidental death of her sister . i call it a horrible plan because in the end she allows him to kill her too  which the movie then fades to black . bad dialog  bad acting  bad ending .  
this movie isn  t worth the film it was photographed on . the dialog is flat  filled with clich overused lines and delivered by amateur actors who sound like their reading a script for the first time . the choppy  shaky  film style is a cheap imitation of the  the ring  style visual effects . the characters do not even act like a normal person would . for example  the character who is looking for her twin sister at her home forces her way through the front door  creeps around the house all frightened and sobbing and she doesn  t even once call out her sister  s name to see if she is home . what  you would think she had just buried her sister instead of searching for her . way too many flashbacks to her childhood . too many unnecessary flashbacks is a typical sign of an amateur director . it is actually funny watching the numerous shots of the woman driving her car down the street  up the driveway  around this corner  over here  over there  oh a side view  now a front view . enough already . you would think you are watching a tv commercial for the solaris  terrible movie .  out of    . i really pity anybody who spent money making this film or to watch it .  
this was a movie about infidelity and revenge . a twin with the  twin  connection senses that something is wrong with her sister . this movie took forever to establish the plot . a plot that has been done many times . the acting was lousy for the most part . once the plot comes together  the movie ends . laura and ashley are twins that live with an abusive father . the father seems to favor ashley  so laura gets the blame for everything . there is a promise made that the girls would never be apart  but as they grow up  their lives go in different directions . ashley gets a job in a diner where she meets barry  a married man . of course no good can come of this . the fact that barry had tinnitus was a poor excuse for a way to track him down . i kept waiting for this movie to get better and for there to be some resolution somewhere  but it never happened .  
within the first few minutes of this dutch thriller  we learn that krabbe is a gay alcoholic writer who sleeps sans underwear  fantasizes about murdering his roommate  tries to steal a magazine from a news stand  and lusts after a studly young man he meets at the train station . and he  s the hero of this nonsensical movie that is all dressed up  except for krabbe in at least one scene too many  but has nowhere to go . the basic plot is very simple but is dragged out to nearly two hours before reaching a pointless conclusion . verhoeven has a nice visual flair but resorts to scenes of wild hallucinations  overt symbolism  and gratuitous gore when he runs out of ideas .  
for a film with so much promise it was disappointing  thinly plotted and the acting ranging between horrendous and unbelievable . the plot had more holes in it than swiss cheese and it  s the worst clichd ending i  ve seen in a movie for some time . the final scene would have ripped my heart out  if the entire movie hadn  t been so painful to begin with . i was numb  from the very first scene  one was left wondering  if the sister was trying to reach out to her twin for help  or simply scare her to death which would have been better for the audience and saved us from two hours of the worst acting i  ve seen to date . it was a horror in the true sense of the word .  
lolita is a rebel and she  s going to share to our wide open eyes some little sex stories  between sci  fi and fantasy . . . well  this surrender cinema production is not very good very bad acting  horrifying music and a story line without any story and any line . but  the sex scenes are pretty well done  lot of lesbian scenes  and jacqueline lovell  as beautiful as in the exotic house of wax  offer to us a very good final and very hot strip show . for lovell  s fans only .  
cybil richards directs another full moon  surrender cinema masterpiece of erotica . this time jacqualine lovell  dressed in rather fetching silver outfit  is tasked with destroying all evidence of sexual activity . however she can  t resist watching the tapes and she kinda likes them . the sex scenes are well filmed and set to a superb soundtrack  at least for this sort of film  . the cast are largely awful and mainly very average looking too . jacqueline lovell is her exceptionally attractive self and between viewing the sex files she manages to expose her chest and fumble a little down below . she also fits in a little lesbian activity . to be honest lovell deserves so much better than this kind of fare . here she looks great naked but actually is much more appealing in her silver attire narrating the  drama  . utterly rubbish movie with lovell and soundtrack the only real redeeming features . mediocre even for surrender  s output and clearly a new budget low for them also .  
i watched the movie  and was dismayed to say the least that the movie failed to communicate with me as an audience . the language would put to shame the street loafers .  br    br   the plot a father forcing none of his son to marry  seems far  fetched .  br    br   the idea of a grandmother asking her grand kid to mess up with an enemy would only draw feeble minded  s attention .  br    br   . . . and i was waiting the whole movie for a laugh  and laugh i did on my stupidity to waste  hours to convince myself that the movie is not even worth a first look .  br    br   hope it saves your time   
 . . . and even then  even they can live without seeing it . to be honest  this film  if one deigns to call it that  is of real interest only to bondage freaks . bettie page fans will learn absolutely nothing new  and i do mean nothing   nor will they enjoy the warm fuzzies of experiencing anything familiar  loved  or cherished .  br    br   nevermind the abysmal screenplay  the wooden  less  than  community  theater acting  the utter absence of direction  the crappy lighting  or any of the rest of the bargain basement production values . this is definitely  hey  kids  let  s make a movie   movie  making of the lowest order . i suppose one could be thankful that at least they knew how to run the camera . no  i  m sorry to say that none of that is germane to why this thing is so outright wrong .  br    br   it  s wrong because the young lady playing bettie page  a somewhat zaftig girl whose only resemblance to the queen of curves is dark hair and the trademark bangs  utterly fails to bring anything to the role beyond a willingness to be bound and gagged . this is apparently a good thing for her film career before and since this wretched excess  but not for the wretched excess itself  which consists primarily of a number of lovingly re  enacted bd set  pieces sandwiched between horrendously awful faux  biographical scenes delineating ms . page  s fall from grace  so to speak  . there  s actually probably more information  per se  about page  s life in the opening and closing credits than the rest of the movie .  br    br   do not be fooled . this is not a worthy companion film to  the notorious bettie page .  this is not a worthy film at all . this is a fetish piece that trades on the allure of one of the greatest pin  ups of all time  and does it without class  without style  and without any real sense of understanding the character of bettie page whatsoever . no true bettie page fan will find it to be anything but a disappointment  i guarantee that .  br    br   avoid at all costs . if free  remember that time is money  too . yours may not be worth much  but i  m betting it  s worth enough that you  ll be sorry you wasted time with this one . that  s it  i  m done  you  ve been warned .  
this documentary is a reenactment of the last few years of betty page  s  paige richards  career . the tennessee tease was the most recognizable pin  up queen in history . her most memorable work came in the      s and was fetish photos  bondage and cat  fight  girly flicks  . irving klaw  dukey flyswatter  at his movie star news instructed betty on what to do in front of the camera . there was no nudity in the famous photos or  stag films   but nonetheless  klaw was charged with distributing obscene materials and was ordered to destroy them to avoid prosecution . it is no surprise that betty had a cult following at the height of her career . the girl  next  door with jet black hair  blue eyes and an hour glass figure dressed in fetish gear or not would mesmerize for decades . after all  it has been said that she was photographed more than marilyn monroe and second only to the most photographed image in the world  elvis presley . betty page would disappear and devote her last years to religion . this movie actually could have been a lot better but good enough to hold interest .  br    br   miss richards is stunning in her own right . bra  panties  garter belt and hose do not hurt her image in the least . also in the cast jaimie henkin  jana strain  emily marilyn and julie simone . be advised this movie can change your heart rate .  
i  m kinda torn on dark angel . the film appears to be a  loving  tribute to the greatest pin  up to ever live  but there is so little actual  content  that the film itself is virtually pointless . i can  t really see what the motivation or  point  of this film is  as there is very little biographical information provided in the narrative  so those who don  t know much about bettie aren  t gonna know much more after watching dark angel either . . .  br    br   the film basically chronicles the last few years of bettie  s career in bondage modeling . almost the entire film is comprised of  re  enactments  of some of bettie  s more  famous  photo  shoots and loops . these re  enactments take up literally    of the films run  time  and give virtually no insight into bettie as a person . the film touches briefly on her short  lived legitimate acting pursuits  and her subsequent decision to leave the  business  and become religious  but all of this is pretty much glossed  over in favor of showing long and drawn  out re  enactment scenes . . .  br    br   dark angel isn  t a horrible film  there  s just no substance to it . the other problem is that the actress that plays bettie only really resembles her in farther away shots  up  close it  s a no  go . the other thing that irritated me  is that although bettie did several topless modeling shoots  the only nudity in the film was a short segment shot in a zoo during the end credits . the film itself is obviously extremely low  budget  but does what it can set and costume  wise within it  s limitations  so no gripes from me there . the acting is pretty wooden and unmemorable from everyone involved . in fact  the most memorable thing about the whole film for me  was noticing during the end credits that the actor who played irving klaw  s real name is dukey flyswatter . no joke  check the cast list . can  t say that i recommend this one too highly unless you are a true bettiefile completist and must own anything relating to her . and if you are that bad off  then you need to seek treatment anyway . . .      
this movie was bad beyond belief . i saw it during the     san francisco film festival . before it started the owner of the theatre got up and told us how half the audience had left the theatre the night before  which happened to be its  world premiere .  i don  t think anyone in the theatre understood just how bad the movie was going to be at that point . we all understood by the end .  br    br   its not a documentary though it was sort of sold as one . dark angel was a bad biography and misguided homage to bettie paige  in which half the movie is actually just remakes of old bettie paige movies . the movie is only   minutes long and the content of those   minutes is sub par to say the least . a scene would start going then someone would say  wow you  re so great bettie  why don  t we make another movie .  this would be followed by a  minutes of a bettie paige remake which was almost as ridiculous as  and even more boring than  the normal part of the movie . by the end of the movie people were laughing every time another bettie paige movie remake came up . it was that ludicrous . i heard a lot of laughter in that theatre  but people were not laughing with the movie maker  they were laughing at the movie and its poor content and structure . this was easy to tell as the parts that would get the most laughs were the ones which were supposed to be serious or revelatory .  br    br   i know movies are expensive . i have seen many cheaply made independent films but somehow the cinematography and quality of this movie set it apart from anything else i have ever seen . the movie looks like it was made for    . the cuts  the graininess  and the lack of a sensual plot made this a memorable experience . this movie makes  dude  where  s my car   look like citizen kane .  br    br   my friends and i left the theatre feeling like we had just paid  dollars to be tortured . the only redeeming part of the experience was that we got to laugh about the fact that someone had actually made this movie and thought it was good . apparently  the previous night  the night of the  world premiere  the director  writer  producer had been in the audience and had gotten to witness people laugh at and walk out on his movie . bettie paige  s movies were destroyed . they should destroy this movie too .  
the major flaw with the film is its uninspired script . it plods back and forth between vignettes of bettie  s story and re  creations of the klaw short films . while the klaw re  creations are well done  it is unnecessary to recreate them in their near entirety . page richards  while not an amazing actress  does a decent job overall . and  at times  she does bear a remarkable resemblance to bettie . also of note is some faithful attention to detail . costumes and clothing well done  as is some of the set direction . the sets are generally sparse and feel stage  y  but do feel of the era . it is sometimes surprisingly well lit  and the color palette was clearly thought  out to give the overall look a vibrant  retro feel .  
they made me watch this in school and it was terrible . the movie is outdated . the episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting . the teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience . i have read that very few people who appear in this are actors  but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life . this accounts for cheesy acting very often . also  very often the story becomes mildly outrageous and far  fetched . i don  t like the way some of the lines were written and wish they had more meaning to them . though  it was written to be educational  funny  suspenseful  and hip  it ended up being boring  dry  far  fetched  and old . i hope no one takes time to watch this movie because you would be just fine not seeing it .  
the acting is some of the worst i  ve ever seen  the characters are totally unconvincing . this could be overlooked to some extent if the plot was interesting  which the plot to  the prodigy  was not . it  s sort of a bad mix between  fresh  and  animal house   except that both of those movies were good .  
in sixth grade  every teacher i had decided it would be a great idea to make this movie the curriculum for an entire semester . every class had something to do with this terrible show . we watched it in english and wrote in journals as if we were one of the characters . in math we talked about charts and other sea crap . in science we talked about whales  which was actually somewhat interesting  so this wasn  t a     waste of time  . all day everyday was torture . not only that  but they would subject us to this horror twice a day by making us watch it in study hall as well . i could see if this was a new series or something  but it was  like     . i  m still trying to block this out .  
i love low budget independent films and had high hopes for this one . but this film is static . never mind the production value  which is very noble for its budget  but the pacing is deadly . admittedly these folks achieve much with little  but the film fails on the most fundamental level . it  s boring . the editing is glacial and the pacing stalls . it should have been   minutes . the best thing about the dr . jekyll is mr . hyde who isn  t seen nearly enough . he had the most dramatic potential . instead we have to suffer through dithering baltimorean  brits stammer through endless and tiresome exposition . it feels like a backwater stage play committed to video .  br    br   noble efforts by everyone in the production  but a story this tired needed a kick in the pants and funky new low budget technology should have given it a fresh voice . instead it  s just a lame retread .  
it is so sad . even though this was shot with film i think it stinks a little bit more than flicks like blood lake  there  s nothing out there  . the music they play in this is the funniest stuff i  ve ever heard . i like the brother and sister in this movie . they both don  t try very hard to sound sarcastic when they  re saying stuff like  my friends are going to be so jealous   hey  whats with the killer only wearing his mask in the beginning  thats retarded  i practically ignored the second half of this . my favorite part about this movie is the sound effect they use when the killer is using the axe . the same exact sound for every chop   
as far as i can tell you  in spite of earlier comments posted by other commentors  this film is currently available on dvd . i found it only a few weeks ago .  br    br   it is on the value dvd label and i paid the grand total of   cents plus tax for it . i found it at a   cent store among racks of plastic bowls and disposable chopsticks . now don  t you people who shelled out beau coup bucks for the super  duper swedish import limited edition version feel like you were had    i thought so .  br    br   this film was indeed well worth   cents .   cents  i might start to argue with you . but clearly worth   cents . and remember that saying about getting what you pay for . for slasher film mavens only .  
this movie is a bad to alright rip off of friday the   th . the movie is about a killer named bernie who kills people around a camp councilor training camp . he kills people because the camp councilor training camp is on land that was owned by his father  and when the police came to forcefully take his fathers land they accidentally killed his mother  another f   th take off  . the intro is seeing bernie killing his first victims . then we are introduced to a family going camping in the same woods  soon after they arrive they are joined by a strange old man who likes talking about his son . later we learn that his son is bernie and that he has him locked up in the back of his caravan after having broken him out of a mental institute . he sets bernie after the family so they can take their stuff and then the chase is on .  br    br   this movie is only recommended to those who enjoy b grade    s slashers .  
one of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining operations is pollution of downstream streams  rivers and lakes with excess sediments and toxins . one of the most serious examples in   th century usa of excess river sedimentation was caused by hydraulic mining of gold  bearing gravely hills on the sides of the sacramento valley in the period from the     s to the early     s . this process involved directing a high pressure jet of water onto the hillside  causing the material to wash downhill  where the gold could be separated from the gravel and sediment . the sediment then collected in a ditch or stream and most found its way to the sacramento river or its tributaries . the sediment that stayed in the river bed increased the likelihood of floods in the downstream agricultural fields and towns and created permanent marshes in some areas . some of the sediment spilled over onto the agricultural fields  where it might cover a standing crop or cover more desirable soil or make plowing difficult . thus  the conflicting interests of the companies that used hydraulic mining and of the downstream farmers adversely affected by these operations is the subject of this nearly forgotten     color film by warner .  br    br   first  we might ask why warner decided to shoot this film in a rather poor technicolor  a very rare treatment in     . a story about wheat farmers and gold miners wouldn  t seem to justify the expense and difficulties of color filming at this time . the answer seems to be the inordinate film time spent indoors  with fancy colorful clothes and ornamentations . then  we might ask why colorless george brent was chosen as the leading man and ultimate hero  to be paired with olivia de havilland . among other things  this film really needed a charismatic leading man to carry it . even the usually colorful gabby hayes  in his small role  seemed unusually subdued . unfortunately  i fell asleep before the apparently more dramatic last part of the film . the portion i saw spent too much time establishing a complicated set of relationships between too many people at the expense of graphically portraying the plight of the chosen wheat baron and perhaps nearby town folk and their attempts to deal with their flood and sedimentation problems . it needed to be more like  the good earth   released just the year before . just maybe it would then have been suitable for a charismatic leading man  such as errol flynn . finally  there is the matter of the inane title . surely  warner could have come up with a catchy or more appropriate title .  gold or grain  is short and to the point . incidentally  i understand there is still plenty of gold in  them thar hills   waiting to be extracted by means other than hydraulic mining .  
as a former kalamazoo resident with a fondness for the town i was looking forward to seeing this movie . but  what a disappointment  although the acting and the production values aren  t bad  the script is awful  the plot is unrealistic  and the theme is disturbing .  br    br   the main message of this film is that women are nothing without husbands and children . i can hardly believe how regressive it is in it  s view of women . has the writer been living under a rock   br    br   although i enjoyed seeing my beloved city on the big screen  i wouldn  t suggest this movie to anyone . it  s terrible . it  s an embarrassment to the city it  s named after .  
i went to see this film with low expectations  but hoping to be charmed by seeing my home town on film . sadly  that  s about all i got . the story covers familiar territory  the high school reunion   but the plot is convoluted and supernatural element adds little to this well  worn theme . though the quality of the acting was good overall  the content of the film was appalling . the sexism of the film was blatant   women are apparently unfulfilled unless they are married  procreating or both  though this was couched as a post  feminist choice  . worse still was the racism   the shrill jewish mother  the black man who still lives at home   and gratuitous cruelty  tormenting the class geek  . we should be ashamed if these characters are thought to represent the inhabitants of the city of kalamazoo  and the writers should be abashed at having brought such broad and cruel stereotypes to the screen .  
by reading the box at the video store this movie looks rather amusingly disturbing . you know the type . . . . funny but supposed to frighten you . . . . this was not funny or horrific . the writing was lame . . . the jokes failed to make me laugh even at their extreme mundaneness . . . . they were so expected . the actors didn  t even do much with such a not so good script . . . at least i hope that wasn  t their best . . watch this movie at your own risk . . . . . . i give it negative  stars outta    
pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain  the majority of people leaving positive comments about this film must be receiving royalties . this is a horrible film in every way . imagine high school kids with no money and no sense of humor making a slasher  comedy video . they would receive a d for this . college kids would receive an f or asked to leave the school . since this monstrosity was made by  professionals  i believe there should be jail time or at least cinema probation . i enjoy watching bad movies like  plan  from outer space  but  this thing doesn  t even fall into that category . the script  acting  sound  and directing are so bad that it is virtually unwatchable . if you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with ed wood  blaxploitation  or      s horror films . after viewing this you get the feeling you  ve wasted an hour and a half of your life .  
i didn  t know it was possible to release a movie this bad . the labeling sounded so promising  but you would think that with a cast of    at least one of them would be able to act . my wife left me and went to bed after the first   minutes . she made a wise decision .  
unashamedly ambitious sci  fi from kerry conran  for whom this is clearly a labour of love . unfortunately it  s just not that good . it all starts well enough  with an epic but restrained score  a mixture of lucas and hitchcock style editing and the glossy cinematography of a spielberg . the movie also references many pulp sci  fi novels  serials and films as diverse as the day the earth stood still  superman  metropolis  planet of the apes  the iron giant  star wars and the spy who loved me . the film however  fails to be as good as any one of those for several reasons the main being that it  s such a labour of love  so concerned with throwing everything at the screen and creating a brave new world  conran actually forgets about making a movie . there is little to no tension  atmosphere or magic on offer here despite aerial battles  dinosaurs and race  against  time set  pieces . even the noir elements fall flat . this is a broad way of looking at things though  those elements mainly fail because nothing feels at all real and is so obviously fake  the green  screen just looks like a video game half the time and it  s obvious the actors have been pasted on afterwards . the actors don  t get to do much either  jude law is wooden  gwyneth paltrow is annoying and stupid  angelina jolie is wasted  and it  s all because of an awful script  the sort that has to explain nearly everything . it is a decent experience and some might get a nostalgia feel but ultimately this is a pointless step into the world of yesterday . nice ending though .  
if you are looking for eye candy  you may enjoy sky captain . sky captain is just a video game injected with live performers . the visials are nice and interesting to look at during the entire movie . now  saying that  the visuals are the only thing good in sky captain .  br    br   after ten minutes  i knew i was watching one of the worse movies of all time . i was hoping this movie would get better  but it never achieved any degree of interest . after thirty minutes  the urge to walk out kept growing and growing . now  i own over     movies and have seen probably five times that number . yet  this is only the second movie i felt like walking out of my entire life .  br    br   acting    there is none . the three main performers are pitiful . jude law  also in the other movie i wanted to walk out on  is just awful in the title role . i would rather sit through ben affleck in gigli than watch law again .  br    br   paltrow tries so hard to be campy  that it backfires in her face . the last article i had read said that paltrow is thinking of staying home and being a mother rather than acting . after this performance  i would applaud that decision .  br    br   story    soap operas are better written . the story behind sky captain starts out bad and gets continually worse as it progresses .  br    br   directing    none . everything was put into the special effects that story  acting and directing suffer greatly . even  the phantom menace  had better acting and that is not saying a great deal .  br    br   i would have to give this movie a    out of     . avoid paying theatre prices and wait until video release .  
i saw this movie last month at a free sneak preview and i walked out . it was pretty horrible . in the process of trying too hard  they over acted and made a horrible movie . i was disappointed since i felt all the actors had made respectable choices in the past so this one couldn  t be that far off the mark   but  i was wrong . i was hoping they would give out a survey at the end of the movie so i could tell them not to release this movie . i was lured in by the free aspect of the preview  but it turned out to be a waste of my time   and  usually  i  m very easily amused . it tried to be innovative and creative with the shots  ideas and filming  but because they threw together so many ideas at once  it failed . i  m not usually picky about movies and i usually don  t feel the need to display my opinions about movies  but i had to warn everyone not to watch it . i registered on imdb just to tell all of you guys  
in short  this movie is completely worthless .  br    br   the idea is to make movie from the point of view of what someone from the early     s might think of the future . an interesting idea  but the lack of compelling story or characters prevents us from ever suspending our disbelief  so the idea just flops .  br    br   apparently the whole movie was done with actors in front of green screens and we are supposed to be impressed . but as a graphics person  the over softening was an obvious crutch for hiding the difficult sharp edge problem with green screening . the color is majorly washed out to no relevant effect except reduce the visual quality . and i don  t understand why anyone would consider anything rendered in this movie to be in any way ground breaking . if anything  the ridiculous retrograde graphics have lowered the bar for really bad graphics   they don  t measure up even to the ancient jurassic park graphics . the models for the robots were so simple  plain and very uncompelling . there were a bunch of weirdo prehistoric  like animals on that island  but they are not explained in any way .  br    br   the story is horrible beyond belief . in fact i can  t believe i didn  t just walk out of this movie . the relationship between polly and joe is unmotivated  and throughout the movie is based on distrust and deception . why is the morris paley character even there  we are not in any way convinced that joe is heroic   i mean he flies a plane  and saved one person  polly  for personal reasons . yeah there  s a great hero for you . dex has very little screen time  so why are we supposed to care about joe wanting to save him  who were the nepalease that locked joe and polly in the mine vault  and why would they do it  remembering that the entire totenkopf operation was robotic    br    br   plot holes    why did bai ling  s character  a major fall from her excellent character in  the crow   halt the robots who had captured joe  they were looking for the vials  and had not found them .    why in the hell would dex be captured but not killed  he doesn  t have or know about the vials  and the bad guys didn  t know that polly had the vials and was connected to joe and therefore to dex      polly indicates that  they  don  t know anything about totenkopf  yet she has some secret source about him that contains what appears to be a fairly complete fbi  style file on him .    the blank spot on the map as described by the nepalese   if they know all about this mysterious area  then why the hell is their map blank in that spot     at one point  polly and joe have to give up their clothes  they are burned    joe is given new clothes that were identical to his old clothes  yet polly is forced to wear some very odd looking bulky dress  then in the same line of continuity suddenly polly has her original clothes back .  br    br   sigh . how far off am i supposed to switch my brain to watch this crap   br    br   we are supposed to be exhilarated by the over produced music  even when nothing interesting or remotely exhilarating is happening on screen .  br    br   and the acting  we  re supposed to be impressed with a bunch of bad british accents  which character isn  t annoying  i think ling bai  s dialogue was probably the best in the whole movie  she doesn  t have a single line  . the dialogue wasn  t camp  and doesn  t even rise to the level of cheese . its just bad and annoying . these people aren  t hero  s or compelling they are the kind of people you would try to ignore or disassociate with if you ever had the misfortune of meeting them in real life .  br    br   i can  t believe that this movie gets an above average rating here on imdb . imho it should be competing with  batman forever  in the bottom    of all time .  
when robot hordes start attacking major cities  who will stop the madman behind the attacks  sky captain    jude law plays joe sullivan  the ace of the skyways  tackling insurmountable odds along with his pesky reporter ex  girlfriend polly perkins  gwyneth paltrow  and former flight partner  captain franky cook  angelina jolie  .  br    br   sky captain and the world of tomorrow may look and feel like an exciting movie but it really is quite dull and underwhelming . the film  s running time is    minutes yet it feels so much longer because there is no substance in this movie . the visuals were great and the film did a nice job on that . however  there is nothing to support these wonderful visuals . the film lacks a story and interesting characters making the while thing quite dull and unnecessary . i blame director and writer kerry conran . he focuses too much on the visuals and spent little time on the actual story . the movie is like a girl with no personality  after awhile it kind of gets bland and tiring . sky captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality . it  s simply just another case of style over substance .  br    br   the acting is surprisingly average and that  s not really their fault since they had very little to work with . the main reason i watched this movie is because of angelina jolie . however  the advertising is quite misleading and she is only in the film for about   minutes . her performance is surprisingly bland as well . jude law gives an okay performance though you would expect a lot more from him . gwyneth paltrow was just average  nothing special at all . ling bai  s performance was the only one i really liked . she gives a pretty good performance as the mysterious woman and she was the only interesting character in the entire film .  br    br   the movie is not a complete bust though . there were some  wow  and exciting scenes . there just weren  t enough of them . the film just doesn  t have that hook to really make it memorable . it was actually quite bland and it wasn  t very engaging at all . it  s too bad the film wasn  t very good since it had such a promising premise . in the end  sky captain is surprisingly below average and not really worth watching . rating      
i entered the theater to sky captain in     expecting a good film . nearly every review of this movie had been positive  the effects looked enticing  the previews convincing .  br    br   needless to say  disappointment actually doesn  t describe the feeling i got from this film . it was rage .  br    br   beyond being boring and poorly written  the reason this film gets a  out of   stars is because everything in the film was stolen from another source . i understand the difference between an homage and stealing this was stealing . more importantly  it seems that the filmmakers didn  t steal to progress a point or move the plot along . they stole just to show that they could . there is literally no point to showing a clip of the wizard of oz in a theater at the beginning of the movie except to set up another scene  that i won  t elaborate on  which steals from the same film . needless to say  every concept in the film was neither original nor even a spin on an old concept it was literally just a rehash of something i had already seen  from pulp  era robots reminiscent of the old superman cartoons and the recent film  the iron giant   to the silent martial artist minion of the villain that has been used in countless films  most recognizable in recent years as darth maul in  star wars the phantom menace  .  br    br   on the subject of the actual film  most of the performances were completely wooden . perhaps this is because the entire movie was done on a blue  screen  with computer imagery filling in everything save the actors . frankly  this is no excuse for poor acting . if a person was ever a child  they understand that a lack of visual reference is no excuse for not trying .  br    br   finally  there is no humanity in this film . the protagonists are the only real human beings here . nearly all the antagonists are robots  and the number of friendly characters that are shown during the film can be counted on one hand . if robots are attacking the entire planet  shouldn  t we expect to see masses of humanity running from them  the sub  par performance of the main characters prevents us from connecting to  really  anything here .  br    br   the film wasn  t the worst movie out there  which is why i didn  t give it a  . rather  the film was an example of all that is wrong with modern action films the filmmakers tried to justify the movie with special effects  but without artistic vision or originality of any kind  it falls flat .  
the exploding zeppelins crashing down upon  sky captain  jude law  s base present an adequate metaphor to describe how truly terrible this movie is . first off  let me state right off the bat that i sincerely doubt that paramount will ever recover any money from this film . a cult hit it might become  but only because it is so remarkable for what it failed to achieve . i can see the studio pitch now .  let  s combine      s german expressionism and a      s globetrotting adventure with a modern action flick and use computer animation to dominate every scene  wow  won  t that be a success   skycaptain bludgeons the viewer with its sheer excess . there are too many fake explosions  too many unconvincing dogfight scenes  and too few real moments where the characters are anything but painfully two  dimensional . after all  why shock and awe with one floating airship when you can have three  or five  or one hundred   moreover  what could have been a groundbreaking film  seamlessly combining computer generated imagery and human actors in a stylized and intriguing setting  will instead become a flop in no small part because it fails to meet the most important requirement of any flick using cgi . quite simply  the graphics are amazingly poor . from the movement of the cars to the physics of the aircraft in the dogfights  everything seems to be just a little off . i  m not being nit  picky here in any way . an infant could notice that a car doesn  t glide along the road like a maglev train  unless its a mercedes s     . and for those of you raising your voices in protest  crying out  this is a stylized film  it  s not supposed to be like reality   let me just say this . lord of the rings has set the standard for integrating real  life actors with cgi  starship troopers has set the standard for ironic science fiction films  the rocketeer did a solid job reintroducing the decade of the      s back into the hollywood film portfolio  and tim burton  s batman created a unique picture of new york city  gotham that has yet to be repeated . sky captain falls so short of all these films  it is hard for me to mention them in the same sentence . plus  the acting is so poor  it makes me positively ill . so there you have it . i spent   to see this film and you get my review . i hope it might dissuade you all from making the same mistake that i did .  
this movie was way over  hyped . a lot of the viewers  who thought this was  amazing  must have been into the old school movies  cause the whole movie is set in the past . at first i thought the movie was just showing something from the past  so i was expecting that faded dreamy like lighting on the characters to pass  but it just going . basically this was a movie trying to mix the future with the past  and the  don  t mix very well in this movie  even with special effects . you could actually see the blue screen the actors were working with . there are too many movies out there that do exactly what this movie did  so there is no reason for critics to hype this movie up saying  it  s the greatest movie ever done  . it  s just crap on a stick . it also didn  t help that the story line was sooo crappy . i don  t understand why hollywood agreed to have this movie produced  and i also don  t understand how actors  actresses in this movie are willing to be in a movie like this . it  s almost as though everybody read the script and forgot to read the fine print . . .  it will all be done on a computer  . this was a movie that should have been on a movie network  because nothing about this movie was revolutionary . i  m very upset with myself for paying money to see this . whatever you do  don  t waste your time and money on this movie today or tomorrow .  
a gave it a    instead of a     awful  because there is no denying that many of the visuals were stunning  a lot of talent went into the special effects and artwork . but that wasn  t enough to save it .  br    br   the  sepia  toned  washed out colors sort of thing has been done before many times in other movies . nothing new there . i can see there were some hat  tips to other old  classic movies . ok . no problem with that .  br    br   but a movie has got to be entertaining and interesting  not something that would put you to sleep .  br    br   the story line and the script of this movie was awful  the characters two dimensional . slow moving . some of the scenes were pretty to look at  but ultimately  as a whole  it was quite boring  i couldn  t recommend it .  
visually stunning  most definitely . i have seen few films look this good in some time . sky captain and the world of tomorrow uses striking cinematography  computer graphics  and creative futuristic designs to create a world that is historically familiar yet something quite fresh . the time period seems to be the     s or early   s . the movie tells of recent attacks on new york city by mechanized armies stealing generators and the like for some inexplicable reason . also  mysterious disappearances of relevant scientific minds coincide . who can stop them and save the world  alright  it doesn  t take a leap of faith to know it is the sky captain himself with his wisecracking reporter girlfriend always hot for a lead  and in the wings his trusty  thoroughly competent sidekick . what sky captain has in atmosphere and graphics it lacks in storytelling and characterization . the plot for this film is ridiculous . that being said  the film is going for a serial  like feeling of film serials of yesteryear . they had pretty far out stories and bad acting  but none of them  and i mean none of them  had the budget and big names this film had . two academy award winning performers and jude law could keep a film afloat  one would think  but sky captain sinks miserably . despite its fantastic dark look  i found myself wishing the film would just end and i could get on with my life . i had little interest in a story that generated little interest . i didn  t care at all for any of the glib portrayals . paltrow was just awful . jolie was a joke with a role with virtually no substance . law cannot carry the one  liner tradition all too squarely on his limited shoulders . i mean  let  s face it  he  s not will smith  mel gibson  or even wesley snipes . the sad thing about sky captain  at least for me  was that it held so much promise yet delivered so little . i was bored ten minutes into the film  waiting for something to hook my interest  and it never came .  
the opening shot was the best thing about this movie  because it gave you hope that you would be seeing a passionate  well  crafted independent film . damn that opening shot for filling me hope . as the  film  progressed in a slow  plodding manner  my thoughts were varied in relation to this  film   was there too much butter in my popcorn  did the actors have to pay the director to be in this  film   did i get my ticket validated at the box office  yes  dear reader . i saw this film in the theatre  this would be the only exception i will make about seeing a film at home over a movie theatre  because at home you can turn it off . were there any redeeming values  peter lemongelli as the standard college  nerd  had his moments  especially in a dog collar . other than that this  film  went from trying to be a comedy  to a family drama to a spiritual uplifter . it succeeded on none of these fronts . oh  and the girlfriend was realllllllllly bad . her performance was the only comedy i found .  
i like the time period  i like the attempt  but watching a movie that looks like i  m looking at it through a coke bottle gives me a headache . if i played computer games that were this blurry and out of focus  i would upgrade my computer . could be that this was the look the director was after  but not so it hurts the eyes and you want to leave after   minutes . if i hadn  t taken someone with me to this film  i was out of there . even though it was a series and not a movie per say  band of brothers accomplished this . they made it look like wwii footage  with just a touch of graininess  but it was still a pleasure to watch . movies need real people  with real sets  and real locations use cgi when it is appropriate  not for an entire film .  
sky captain is possibly the best awful movie i  ve seen in a long while . rife with amazing cg and special effects  studded with an a  list cast  jude law  gwyneth paltrow  angelina jolie and the infinitely likable giovanni ribisi  and racing along with an overused but indiana jones  esquire storyline  this should have been a great movie to watch .  br    br    should have  being the key term here  of course .  br    br   jude law plays joe the sky captain with a dashing accent and plenty of over  the  shoulder  heart  melting smirks  but you can  t make something out of nothing  and even his flippant deliveries and boyish good looks can  t save the movie  s stone dialogue .  if he had slapped giovanni ribisi on the back and said   good boy  dex   just one more time  i might have barfed all over the guy in front of me .  gwyneth paltrow  as polly perkins  is nothing less than nerve grating . her nasal whining and not  quite  sarcastic comments get old in the first ten minutes of the movie . perhaps she put too much effort into playing the stereotypical    s comic book heroine  who knows  i expected more from her . an example of how a similar character was played  and played well  is in the late    s flick  the phantom   starring kristy swanson and billy zane . rent the movie and you  ll know what i mean .  br    br   giovanni ribisi and angelina jolie were the saving graces in the film .  angelina jolie was incredibly hot in that eyepatch . i  ll admit it .  in just a few short scenes  both actors somehow managed to rise above the tired material and deliver a more riveting performance than their dry  two  dimensional castmates .  br    br   the plot and steady story progression were old  boring  and basically just a monotonous combination of every good scene from an action movie in the past thirty years . the pace is rapid  fire in the first half of the movie  and a snail  s pace in the second  giving the audience enough time not only to guess the eventual conclusion of the film  but to figure out who the key villain is as well . the pairing is rather clichd  also  polly perkins and sky captain apparently reunite after several years of separation from a bitterly  ended romance  and their story isn  t so much charming and eclectic as it is annoying and mismatched . when they finally come to terms with their mutual feelings towards the end of the film  nobody  s surprised  and nobody really cares either .  br    br   props to the director for appreciating bai ling enough to dress her in skintight vinyl for the entirety of the film  and also for the intriguing sepia tones that served as coloration throughout . but sky captain  despite having all the essential elements of being a great movie  falls flat on its face . not even worth the   .   i paid to get into the theater .  
  sky captain  may be considered an homage to comic books  pulp adventures and movie serials but it contains little of the magic of some of the best from those genres . one contributor says that enjoyment of the film depends on whether or not one recognizes the films influences . i don  t think this is at all true . one  s expectations of the films  fiction and serials that  captain  pays tribute to were entirely different . especially so for those who experienced those entertainments when they were children . this film is almost completely devoid of the charm and magnetic attraction of those . of course we know the leads will get into and out of scrapes but there has to be some tension and drama . toward the climax of  captain  law and paltrow have ten minutes to prevent catastrophe and by the time they get down to five minutes they are walking not running toward their goal . they take time out for long looks and unnecessary conversation and the contemplation of a fallen foe with   seconds left to tragedy . of course one expects certain conventions to be included but a good director would have kept up some sense of urgency .  br    br   one doesn  t expect films like this to necessarily  make sense  . one does expect them to be fun  thrilling and to have some sense of interior logic .  captain  has almost none . remember when law and paltrow are being pursued by the winged creatures and they reach a huge chasm which they cross via a log bridge  well how come they are perfectly safe from those creatures when they reach the other side  they can fly    the chasm itself means nothing to them . the bridge is unnecessary for them so where is the escape  if the land across the chasm is  forbidden  to the flying creatures the film made no effort to let us know how or why or even if .  br    br   i know that paltrow and law  both of whom have given fine performances in the past  were playing  types  but both were pretty flat . only giovanni ribisi  who showed himself capable of great nuance here  and angelina jolie seemed to give any  oomph  to their roles although omid djalili seemed like he could have handled a little more if he  d only been given the chance . he did a pretty good job anyway considering how he was basically wasted .  br    br   the film had a great  look  but there are so many ways in which cgi distracts . cgi works best when it is used for the fantastical  when it is used to create creatures who don  t exist in nature or for scientific or magical spectacular . when it is used to substitute for natural locations it disappoints . there is no real sense of wonder . a cgi mountain doesn  t have any of the stateliness or sense of awe and foreboding that a real mountain does . i know that the design of this film was quite deliberate and it wasn  t necessarily supposed to look real but shouldn  t it feel that way  it just didn  t .  br    br   as for the weak and clichd script . . . homage is no excuse . even so  had the movie had some thrills and dramatic tension it might still have been enjoyable .  the last samurai  was as predictable as the days of the week and i am no fan of tom cruise but it had everything that  captain  didn  t most notably it drew the viewer into its world and made us accept its rules and way of being in a way that  sky captain  most definitely did not .  br    br   i  d like to see a similar approach taken for films about comic book heroes of the    s and    s . the original  jay garrick  flash or green lantern  alan scott  come to mind as being ripe for such treatment . maybe the better  more well known and fully realized characters that those character are would make for a much better film . it would be hard to be worse .  
visually interesting  but falls flat in the originality department . this tedious excercise in technique wears thin after the opening battle . jude law has the charisma of burnt toast  but in his defense this film contains some of the worst dialogue i have ever seen on the big screen . in fact the script is so poor that it keeps taking you out of the film  and had me thinking about work  bills  my dogs  etc . there are many moments that scream bluescreen . paltrow is as wooden as they get . this could of been saved by snappy film noir dialogue or over the top camp . my only complaint on the technique is that black  white film  sorry  computer  would of helped because it looks like turner colorized black and white . just a big dull clich mess . i would rather break my femur than sit through this endurance test again .  
  sky captain and the world of tomorrow   an amazingly incovenient title  is simply a bad movie it has no heart  no deep ideas  nothing very special about it . yes  the cgi backgrounds look interesting  but the result is that the whole thing is shot in an annoying soft focus . additionally  the movie uses music the same way as  say   gilligan  s island  or the scooby  doo cartoons   it never stops . terribly  simply terrible . there are no fresh ideas  either  just gobs and gobs and gobs and . . . etc .  of bits taken from older movies and serials . there is no gatekeeper here  the movie just seems to exist because it can . save your money and your time . not entertaining at all .  
in a word  this film was boring . it lacked life and spark . a big problem is with the two leads . jude law and gwyneth paltrow had no chemistry whatsoever . he was boring  and she was annoying .  br    br   the visuals were interesting  but they didn  t enhance the scenes . if anything  the visuals tended to detach the audience from what was happening on screen . none of the action sequences felt real  and hence  the film failed to create any real drama or a sense of danger .  br    br   the film had potential  but it needed a better script  better acting  and a better director . i kept thinking during the film  you know  this movie would  ve worked if harrison ford was sky captain  karen allen was polly  and steven spielberg was the director .  br    br   ignore the critical acclaims for this film . the critics i think are praising the film because they want to like it and want it to succeed even though it fails on so many different levels .  
what a waste of time  i  ve tried to sit through  sky captain . .  about  times  and every time  within about  minutes  i start doing something else  anything else  it  s a downright boring movie  the acting is terrible  the writing dull  and obviously a first  time director  because it  s stiff . and i wanted to love it . i love sci  fi  the old cliffhangers  and i can appreciate the attempt at nods to flash gordon  and metropolis  but my god  what a waste of money . i used to work for paramount pictures  and i had written sherry lansing in     about using blue screen for screen tests . she told me they  d never have an interest or need to do it .   years later  paramount releases this piece of crap . sherry was right in      but must have forgotten her own advice when she greenlighted this dog . blue screen an effect shot  but not an entire movie . let  s not forget  neither jude nor jolie are terrific actors  but easy on the eyes  . paltrow  s performance reminds me of a high school effort . too bad  it could  ve worked  but only under a skilled director . the funny thing is  sky captain  s director will keep getting work  even after this dreck . it  s commerce  not art   
this movie feels so empty . in every scene in the movie the maximum number of actors on the screen is like   . because everything was shot in front of a blue screen there are never really any extras and the movie just feels weird .  br    br   the acting was horrible  it  s so obvious this was in front of a blue screen because all of the action scenes you can see the actor  actress wondering around half running when they should be running for their lives . . looking at the floor for their marks . . .  br    br   spoilers also you  ll find yourself banging your head watching the movie . at one point at sky captain  s home base they have like    planes sitting on the airstrip . they have advanced warning an attack is coming . . . so what do they do  nothing . all of the planes get blown up and yet again the only person fighting back is the sky captain . . .  br    br   the entire world is under attack and he  s the only person ever fighting back . at the very end of the movie you see hundreds of plains taking off finally . . . but what do they do  nothing . . . the movie is over . . .  
i  ve said this in other reviews  without a story  you can give the audience all the smoke and mirrors you want  still no one will give a damn .  br    br   the director seems to have a great eye for   s art deco  which i love   and i think the idea of using all digital backgrounds and such could indeed be the wave of the future in movie making . however  it  s obvious the director got so interested in the digital rendering of his movie  he forgot to film many scenes which would have enormously helped this surprisingly thinned  plotted film .  spoiler  for crying out loud  they forgot to have a villain in this thing  ok they have one  but he  s been dead for   years by the time the movie takes place . conran misses the point of having a villain . as far as action goes  well let  s see  sky captain  law  shoots down one robot  two or three of the flapping wing airplanes  before dex  ribisi  tells him to stop shooting them down      and a couple robots  but mostly spends his time looking dashing and getting others to fight his battles for him . paltrow as polly or peggy or punky or whatever is totally wasted in this movie  the reviewer who comments on hers and law  s lack of chemistry is so right  and i for one got a little sick of seeing repeated shots of the top of her camera  showing she only has two shots left  both of which she wastes subsequently in the movie  one uncomically  one quite funny  although i saw it coming from   years away . no one except law and paltrow have any significant time on screen  and that  s the movie  s real flaw . an audience doesn  t identify with robots  they need a hero to root for  and a visible  despicable villain to hate . without that  plus a good engaging story  all the cg in the world won  t help .  
i gave  to this film . i can  t understand how ettore scola  one of the greater directors of italian cinema  made a film like this  so stupid and ridiculous  all the stories of the people involved in the movie are unsubstantial  boring and not interesting . too long  too boring . the only things i save in this movie are giancarlo giannini and vittorio gasmann . hope that scola will change radically themes and style in his next film .  
i went to school with jeremy earl  that is how i heard of this movie  i don  t really know if it was in the theater  s at all . i don  t recall the name . i have seen it  it is like one of those after school specials . the acting is ok  not great . the plot was kind of weak and the lines were pretty corny . so the only comment i can give this movie is  eh  i borrowed the movie from jeremy  if i was in a movie rental place  this is one that i would walk past and after watching it i wouldn  t recommend it to anyone past middle school age . i  ve also noticed that many times when urban kids are portrayed  the slang is overused or just outdated . many times i think thats what makes their characters unbelievable .  
this movie should be called  plan  from joseph smith .  i think its weirdness is underappreciated . the playwright seems to have read paul ehrlich  s  the population bomb         and crafted a musical response made especially for mormons . the whole point of the play is that having as many children as you can is part of  heavenly father  s   god  s  plan . and anything that stands in the way of having more babies is very bad . get it   br    br   this version was filmed in      which is confusing . it  s utah  so it looks and feels like      the play was actually written in      and of course  the theology is part      s  part battlestar galactica . some of the action takes place on earth and some in the  pre  existence  an aimless romper  room where annoying kids wait to get their bodies so they can come down try not to slam the door on the missionaries  losing their shot at celestial glory .  br    br   it is as stagey as they come  but don  t let the poor theatrics spoil your appreciation for this demented mormon universe where the  cool kids  are all into population control   presumably  counseling their parents not to have any more children   having big families was  at the time the play was written  the cultural norm in the lds community  and more importantly  considered part of god  s plan . the church has since done a     and have made family planning a choice of the parents  and large families are much less the cultural norm now . making the entire doctrinal premise of the movie for a modern  day mormon moot   br    br   ahhh but it  s really only as good as the music . there are some catchy tunes here that just won  t let this movie die the      s death it was pre  destined for . the brother and sister sing some love songs to each other that make you wonder if maybe something else was going on there   wink . and the tough  cool kids make new kids on the block look like metallica . so cheers to all that  gather the family around  make some jell  o shooters and enjoy the show   br    br    
to start with  i have to point out the fact that you  re gonna feel completely lost for more than half an hour . yeah  some things happen  but you don  t know why or what for . when you finally figure things out you just realize that it  s nothing but a twisted soad opera  dealing with mature prostitutes  dead mothers  illegitimate sons . . . the characters are rather poor and the actors  specially the young ones  don  t help that much to make  em look credible . only marisa paredes stands out  but she  s a superb actress  no matter if the movie is pure rubbish .  br    br   the only positive things to say about  fro sol de invierno  is that dbutant pablo malo seems to have good intentions  and he  s filmed a couple of scenes that are quite intense . . . well  maybe the next time . . .  br    br   my rate      
adrian has just gone out of the asylum  being rich and with no parents  his life seems empty . one day  he meets gonzalo  a poor boy whom mother is prostitute . desperate for earning some money  gonzalo helps adrian to search about his life and who where his parents . this is a movie from a new director  and it is perfectly clear in most of the film scenes not correctly directed  dialogues a little forced  some incoherences in the script . . . anyway  the ending is unexpectedly well done  well  just a little  and that saves a little the film . actors are known and with great quality  nevertheless  they are not inspired enough to make the movie interesting all of them have done better papers in other film . the film results boring and probably you will spend most of the time thinking how much time will pass until it ends . of course there are lots of worse films  but  sure  there are many many better ones .  
for shame  for shame that a fine actor such as joseph fiennes would allow himself to be cast in this piece of nauseating drivel . the movie was not only bad  but down right horrible and of no redeeming quality . the plot   was there one   seemed to go no where . the russians played silly kill or be killed games and the rest of the cast should be declared null and void for their pathetic performances . i gave up about    of the way through and turned it off . a    for awful only because there is nothing lower . don  t waste your time on this one  you  ll not miss anything .  
i have not yet decided whether this will replace anaconda as  the worst film i have ever seen  .  br    br   even if you ignore the dodgy accents  low production values and appalling camera work this film has absolutely nothing going for it . i only went to see it as i had read the book and wanted to see how they would work the complicated plot into a  hour film .  br    br   the simple answer is  they didn  t . characters appear with little to no explanation as to who they are and then proceed to play no valuable part in the narrative . even the main characters act without reason so that by the time the film reaches it  s climax you don  t care what happens to any of them .  br    br   i can accept that books occasionally need to be rewritten to fit into films and that it is perhaps unfair to judge this film against the book it was adapted from . but after my friends and i came out of the cinema i had to spend most of the journey home explaining what was supposed to have happened .  br    br   they even change the true meaning of the books title  rancid aluminium  by squeezing it into yet another piece of pointless voice over just so they can allow the film to have a cool title .  br    br   a real mess of a film from start to finish .  
there have been some low moments in my life  when i have been bewildered and depressed . sitting through rancid aluminium was one of these .  br    br   the warning signs were there . no premiere  even the stars didn  t want to attend  and no reviews in magazines . the only reason i sat through the film was in the hope that i might catch up on some sleep .  br    br   nothing in the film was explained . the narration was idiotic . i cheered at one point when the lead of the film appeared to have been shot  then to my growing despair  it was revealed that he hadn  t really been shot dampening my joy . i sincerely hope all involved in the film are hanged for this atrocity .  br    br   there were some positive aspects  mainly unintentional moments of humour . for example  the scene in which the main character  for some unknown reason feels the need to relieve himself manually in a toilet cubicle  while telling the person in the next cubicle to put his fingers in his ears .  br    br   my words cannot explain the anger i feel  so i shall conclude thus .  br    br   rancid aluminium for sadists  wastrels  and regressives only who want to torture themselves .  
well  what to say . . .  br    br   having seen the film i still have to wonder what the hell the point of it all really was   v . dodgy camera moves in the courtyard at one point . . . i had to look away from the screen  i was feeling physically sick . . . round and round and round . . . . you get the idea . . .  br    br   very very strange accents at many points . . . .  those that should know  know   br    br   unless your getting in for free  or being paid to watch it  or your partner is about to make you paint the house or something . . then forget it . . .  
okay . so there aren  t really that many great movies around . recent gems like american dream  the straight story and even toy story  don  t normally come so close together . but boy    does this film counter  balance the quality .  br    br   i have no idea what these people thought they were doing . are the financiers in this world so easily convinced to fund such a crock of   i can just see it now . . .  br    br   producer   so we  ve got joe fiennes . he  s cute as a button and was pretty good in shakespeare in love . and we  ve got rhys ifans  who isn  t cute but was cool in notting hill . we  ll mix in a really mediocre score  a few forgettable post  britpop tunes  hemlock root and lizard brains and hey presto you  ve got the worst film of the new millennium . and believe me  it  s gonna be a hard job to make anything as bad as this in the next thousand years .   br    br   the bank   i like it  any unnecessary sex  bad camera movements  and what about the worst accents this side of devil  s own    br    br   producer   yeah  we got plenty of those .   br    br   the bank   sounds great  where do we sign    br    br   please .  
i was hoping that this film was going to be at least watchable . the plot was weak to say the least . i was expecting a lot more considering the cast line up  i wonder if any of them will include this on their cvs   . at least i didn  t pay to rent it . the best part of the film is definitely dani behr  but the rest of the film is complete and utter pants .  
must confess to having seen a few howlers in my time  but this one is up there with the worst of them . plot troubling to follow . sex and violence thrown in to disorient and distract from the really poorly put together film .  br    br   i can only imagine that the cast will look back on the end product and wish it to gather dust on a shelf not to be disturbed for a generation or two . sadly  in my case  i have the dvd . it will sit on the shelf and look at me from time to time .  
i rented this thinking it might be interesting  and it might have been an interesting story except that is was told in such an uninteresting manner . hard to follow  strange editing  disjointed storyline  the characters mumble  all in all a dreadfully dull waste of time . i just couldn  t get into it and didn  t care what happened to the characters  not even ian holm could save this film . unless you need a cure for insomnia  i  d skip it .      and that  s being generous .  
i have seen bad films but this took the p . made no sense  and all the characters do is swear every couple of seconds  oh and i think one has a low sperm count . its that good . a welshman plays a sweary cockney . a posh english bloke plays a foul mouthed unlovable rogue of a paddy  and some lesser lights play dim tarts .  br    br   and there are some russian gangsters . oh yes some one has a gun and maybe talks rubbish whilst high on drugs .  br    br   avoid this film like the plague .  
we know from other movies that the actors are good but they cannot save the movie . a waste of time . the premise was not too bad . but one workable idea  interaction between real bussinessmen and russian mafia  is not followed by an intelligent script  
 . . . the first film i had to walk out on . and it was the cast and crew pre  screening  not that i was involved  i hasten to add  . i made it through the first hour  so i reckon i  m just qualified to comment  but that was my limit .  br    br   like other comments here  how did this get through any kind of qa . an accumulation of the very worst in dialogue  the epitome of wooden acting  awful casting  all wrapped together without a plot .  br    br   tara fitzgerald  s casting was bizarre  almost comic . she possesses the worst russian accent in movie history .  br    br   as i left the screening  the director and producers were drinking in a bar outside the cinema . they obviously couldn  t sit through it again either .  br    br    
how can you gather this respectable cast of young british actors and come up with such a pile of filmic manure  horrible script  annoyingly hectic camera  awfully edited  gruesomely badly acted . only rhys ifans tries to fill his role with life . another painful proof that  different  sometimes equals  dreck  . why do the money people fail to read the scripts beforehand  do yourself a favour spare yourself and do something else  like hitting a mallet onto your knees . it  s less painful and more fun than this movie   
just so that you fellow movie fans get the point about this film  i decided to write another review . i missed a few things out last time . . .  br    br   first  the script . second  the acting . third  jesus christ what were they thinking making a piece of garbage like this and then expecting us to enjoy it when there are no redeeming features whatsoever from beginning to end except when joseph fiennes finally gets blown away in a very unexciting climax     br    br   i can  t believe i wasted my money on this when i could have given it to a homeless person or a busker or something   br    br   are you getting the picture   
this is a truly abysmal lock stock  clone with a stellar cast and a terrible script . i have no idea why so many top british actors signed up to this junk  they must have been bribed . a miss match of a storyline goes on forever and ever and ever and if i hadn  t have paid good money for it i  d have turned it off after   minutes . not the worst film ive ever seen  that honour goes to the truly pathetic used bogroll of a movie   i use the term loosely  gummo   i feel like suing that so called director  for the lost hour and a half of my life  but this trash is nearly right down there with it . definitely one of the worst  films i have ever seen . stuff like this reminds hollywood that they don  t have a monopoly on truly awful films .  
i shall not waste my time writing anything much further about how every aspect of this film is indescribably bad . that has been done in great detail already  many times over . the  plot  started out as a very uninspiring cockney wide  boy  gangster  by  numbers bore and very quickly descended into an utter shambles . anybody who pretends that they can see some hidden masterpiece inside this awful mess is just kidding themselves . it is now  or  years since i watched it during its  week run at the cinema before it was pulled  yet it sticks in my mind for being easily the most terrible film i have ever seen .  br    br   i am only making these comments  and indeed the only reason i went to see the film  is because of the amusing fact that my brother eddie appeared in it as the second  heavy  in the pub scene . it was his hands that thrust a zippo lighter towards rhys ifan  s face in the bar in  russia   it was actually filmed at the former butlins holiday camp at barry island  . my brother has absolutely no acting experience whatsoever  he had recently joined an extras  agency and this was his first part . having seen the film  it appeared that nobody in it required any acting experience whatsoever .  br    br   i remember there were about  people in the whole cinema  and this was just a couple of days after it had been released . i have never heard of an other film that was so unpopular and disappeared so fast  and rightly so . in case you were thinking of renting this film on dvd  i would advise you instead to put your two pound coins in a fire until they are red  hot  then jam them into your eye sockets . this will probably be a lot less painful than watching the film .  
there is no doubt that this film has an impressive cast but unfortunately this doesn  t help with the major downsides to the movie . i never understand why directors ask actors  actresses to use accents not their own when it is obvious to everyone they can  t convince . fiennes just can  t do irish and fitzgerald isn  t much better at russian . when the voice is wrong then no matter how good the acting the character will never be convincing . as the for the major problem . . . . the plot . . . . was there one  i guess there was some sort of storyline involved but it was so full of holes that i just couldn  t wait for the film to end . . . it was ridiculous . save   minutes of your life and don  t watch this movie   
this film is quite simply one of the worst films ever made and is a damning indictment on not only the british film industry but the talentless hacks at work today . not only did the film get mainstream distribution it also features a good cast of british actors  so what went wrong  i don  t know and simply i don  t care enough to engage with the debate because the film was so terrible it deserves no thought at all . be warned and stay the hell away from this rubbish . but apparently i need to write ten lines of text in this review so i might as well detail the plot . a nob of a man is setup by his evil friend and co  worker out of his father  s company and thus leads to an encounter with the russian mafia and dodgy accents and stupid  very stupid plot twists  devices . i should have asked for my money back but was perhaps still in shock from the experience . if you want a good crime film watch the usual suspects or the godfather  what about lock  stock . . . . thats the peak of the contemporary british crime film . . . . .  
words really can  t describe how bad this film is . i thought zandalee was bad  but at least that had some nice shots and the occasional good chin stroking moment here and there to stop you from nodding off . this is just laughable  terrible script  poor direction  awful acting and you know what  i can  t think of a single thing to recommend about it other than the fact that it isn  t too long . if you want    minutes worth of entertainment  book yourself in at the dentist and have some root canal work  far more enjoyable and much better value for money  assuming that you need it   . incidentally  i need to type   lines of text to complete this review  please do not buy this movie . it is terrible   
boring and appallingly acted  summer pheonix  . she sounded more asian than jewish . some of the scenes and costumes looked more mid   th century than late   th century . what on earth fine actors like ian holm  anton lesser were doing in this is beyond me .  
this film is about a man  s life going wrong . his business is failing  and he cannot impregnate his wife despite multiple attempts .  br    br   the plot is complete chaos . it simply does not make sense . in fact  nothing in the film makes sense . the story is so poorly told that i simply could not understand it . it is a shame  because the sets and costumes are done well  and are visually stimulating enough . the shots are well composed throughout the film . however  these redeeming features still cannot make up for the bad plot and poor story telling . i am amazed by the big names who agreed to star in this film . it is such a waste of their talents . this film is very bad . avoid it    
i have given this film an elevated rating of  stars as i personally appear in minutes   and   of the film . . . . the road side bar scene in russia . in this scene the director of the movie offered me the immortal line     dollars . . you drink and talk   but i felt that my polish counterpart could speak in a more convincing russian accent than i could  so i declined to take this speaking part on . i was slightly starstruck as this was my first film experience . . . . and who knows . . . these lines could have ended up there with lines such as  i  ll be back  and  quite frankly my dear  i don  t give a damn  . had i spoken that one line then my name would appear in the credits of rancid aluminium as  heavy   instead of the name of ryszard janikowski .  br    br   as time goes on  i am counting myself lucky that my name is in no way connected to this film .  br    br   even though i spent a whole day on the set  in south wales hot  spot barry island  no one could tell me what the actual storyline was . the caterers and the wardrobe lady all concurred that it appeared to have a lot of swearing and nudity in it . . . . . things could certainly have been worse if i  d ended up naked in this most dreadful of films . . . .  br    br   still . . . . . on the positive side . . . . i got chatting to rhys ifans during one break . i had no idea who he was  as  notting hill  was yet to be released  and not an inkling that he might be welsh . made various inappropriate comments about what an awful pit barry island had become since my childhood visits there in the   s and   s . it was only when keith allen showed up that i realised i was in a quality production . . . . . . . .  
in the wake of lock  stock and two smoking barrels  the british film industry rapidly became swamped with bad gangster films in the late    s  early    s that seem even more desperate today than they did then . in one of the all  time great cases of pearls  from  swine  the producers of rancid aluminium brazenly plastered the quote  the best film of the century  from one review all over the ads while omitting the rest of the sentence pointing out that that was only because  at the time of writing  it was the only film that had been released in     . looking at it today it  s hard to imagine how it ever got made  uniting a cast that was briefly considered the cream of cool britannia  s lads mags brigade  rhys ifans  sadie frost  nick moran and joseph fiennes  but now merely a guarantee of a turkey every time in a confused adaptation of a confused james hawes novel . that the plot is never explained could be down to the possibility that no  one really knows what it is  or perhaps simply don  t think it matters . something to do with ifans  businessman being set up with steven berkoff  s homicidal russian crime lord in a money  laundering or investment scheme  it  s never clear which because no  one ever asks  by fiennes  crooked irish accountant  who expects the russians to kill off ifans so he can take over his failing company . things get increasingly confused and underexplained from there on  ifans alternates between shouting about how terrible his life is while juggling visits to the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and tara fitzgerald  s ludicrously accented russian temptress  berkoff keeps on saying  bizniss  and  francis drake  and fiennes does a decent irish accent while proving that just because he played a great writer in shakespeare in love doesn  t mean he  s any judge of good writing when it comes to film scripts .  br    br   when the most convincing performances come from keith allen and dani behr  you know a film is in deep trouble . with poland standing in for a russia filled with people with polish accents and a strange score that veers from john barry pastiche to lounge music to ennio morricone spaghetti western on a stylophone budget  it fails completely in the cool stakes it  s aiming for and ends up in a curious overplotted but almost plot less limbo all its own  sitting there like a joke shop dog turd .  
i felt rancid aluminium was a complete waste of two hours  the plot line was thin and confusing  the prestigious line up of players had some terrible dialogue and extremely questionable accents . the camera work was somewhat experimental in places and although it could be seen what the director was trying to convey  it just made it even more difficult to watch . one of the most annoying aspects of rancid aluminium is the over use of narration throughout the film almost like the entire plot is being dictated to the audience . the best performances weren  t anything to do with acting . in fact probably the most convincing performance came from dani behr of all people  although admittedly does play the stereotypical office secretary . do not under any circumstance go and see this movie unless you need a reason to catch up on some lost sleep  there are certainly better ways to spend your hard earned cash .  
i usually try to construct reasonably well  argued critiques of films  but i can not believe this got past the script stage . the dialogue is appalling  the acting very dodgy  the accents just awful  and the direction and pacing is scrappy at best .  br    br   i don  t remember the last time i saw a film quite this bad . joseph fiennes  pretty as he is  might just have killed his career as quickly as it started .  br    br   the island of doctor moreau was no worse than this garbage .  
i read james hawes book . it was pretty neat  not great  but entertaining enough . without having read the book i wouldn  t have had the slightest idea what was going on  and it was still a stretch with that knowledge .  br    br   literally every element of this film is abysmal in ways i do not have the capacity to describe . half digested fish could have made a better film with matchsticks and dayglo lipstick .  br    br   never before or since as a film made me feel so angry . the mattress sequels came closest  but even they never reached such depths of utterly putrid nauseating appallingness that this bilge did .  br    br   since wasting   minutes of my life witnessing this plague on human kind i am now unable to even look at any book by james hawes without feeling angry . that is the depth of hatred i have for this piece of sht . no  that  s unfair . let me apologise to all fecal matter for comparing you to the otherworldly evil that is rancid aluminium .  br    br   plain and simply a cancer on the world of cinema .  
where do you begin with a movie as bad as this   br    br   do you mention the cast of unlikeable heroes  the over  the  top acting  the dreadful script   br    br   no . you just say that anyone who pays money to see a film as poor as this needs their head looking at . i know i do . i respect those poor guys who saw it with little or no advance word from mags like empire  usually a bad sign if a preview copy isn  t available to the quality movie mags  . however  cinemas really should start thinking about giving out refunds if the customer isn  t happy with the finished product .  br    br   i went three days after it opened with two other mates . the only other person in the cinema was one bloke on his own .  br    br   and that was on cheap night .  br    br   either the ad campaign had failed dismally or word had spread through most of the country of just what a stinker this is .  br    br   not since the days of the avengers       have i felt so short changed since watching a movie . if a mate comes round with this on video in a few months make sure he pays your electricity bill while watching it .  br    br   tara fitzgerald deserves an award for not cracking up  or walking off the set keith allen retains some dignity amid the cinematic carnage barry foster should have been arrested on the set for his performance  rhys ifans does his career no favours after the success of notting hill and only dani behr is halfway likeable as a busty secretary .  br    br   mind you  considering she used to be in the word  any viewers  expectations of her acting ability had to be pretty low to begin with .  br    br   the production values aren  t bad considering the obviously limited budget but that script is atrocious . if you want to hear a bunch of unlikeable characters say  fak   for a couple of hours then this should be right up your street .  br    br   otherwise  bargepoles required .  br    br    
this is a film that had a lot to live down to . on the year of its release legendary film critic barry norman considered it the worst film of the year and i  d heard nothing but bad things about it especially a plot that was criticised for being too complicated  br    br   to be honest the plot is something of a red herring and the film suffers even more when the word  plot  is used because as far as i can see there is no plot as such . there  s something involving russian gangsters  a character called pete thompson who  s trying to get his wife sarah pregnant  and an irish bloke called sean . how they all fit into something called a  plot  i  m not sure . it  s difficult to explain the plots of guy ritchie films but if you watch any of his films i  m sure we can all agree that they all posses one no matter how complicated they may seem on first viewing . likewise a james bond film though the plots are stretched out with action scenes . you will have a serious problem believing rancid aluminium has any type of central plot that can be cogently explained  br    br   taking a look at the cast list will ring enough warning bells as to what sort of film you  ll be watching . sadie frost has appeared in some of the worst british films made in the last   years and she  s doing nothing to become inconsistent . steven berkoff gives acting a bad name  and he plays a character called kant which sums up the wit of this movie  while one of the supporting characters is played by a tv presenter presumably because no serious actress would be seen dead in this  br    br   the only good thing i can say about this movie is that it  s utterly forgettable . i saw it a few days ago and immediately after watching i was going to write a very long a critical review warning people what they are letting themselves in for by watching  but by now i  ve mainly forgotten why . but this doesn  t alter the fact that i remember disliking this piece of crap immensely  
in recent times i have been subjected to both this movie and  king arthur   on dvds chosen by others for an evening  s  entertainment  and together they achieve nothing more than bearing out a growing notion i have that the modern movie  watching public totally lacks discrimination  and is content as long as they get  action  . both movies were utter rubbish .  br    br   whatever happened to character development  whatever happened to meaningful dialogue  whatever happened to acting  and  when watching something that vaguely purports to be  historical   whatever happened to attempting to capture some measure of accuracy  some realistic idea of the  political map  of the time  even some slight flavour of the era  especially in its social attitudes . why do they all have to display the value set of   st century america  i have read on the message boards of disclaimers that  little was known  of the dark ages . not so . considerable amounts are known  with much learned scholarship on the era  but these jokers simply couldn  t be bothered to do any homework .  br    br   i only wish i could vote      
elizabeth ward gracen  who will probably only be remembered as one of bill clinton  s  bimbo eruptions   they have pills for that now   is probably the weakest element of this show . it really continues the tired formula of the highlander series  the hero immortal encounters another immortal with flashbacks about the last time they met  but there is some conflict  and there is a sword fight at the end where you have a cheap special effects sequence .  br    br   then you have the character of nick wolf . basically  your typical unshaven    s hero  with the typical  sexual tension  storyline .  seriously  why do you hollywood types think sexual tension is more interesting than sex .  this was a joint canadian  french production  so half the series takes place in vancouver imitating new york  and the other half is in paris . . . just like highlander did .  
this movie was one of the worst i  ve ever seen . pure drivel . how anyone could develop a connection with the heroine  or have empathy for her  is beyond me . i felt i was watching a case history of a schizoid individual with borderline personality disorder . just terrible .  br    br   in its most generous light  this can be seen as an attempt at producing and  art  film  except i could not  for the life of me  find any art in it at all .  br    br   if this woman had lived in todays  world  she would have been whisked off to a mental institution and given a couple of days treatment with anti  psychotic medications . that  or simply allowed to roam the streets and become a bag woman . why other characters in this movie found anything redeeming in her  and tried to aid her in her quest to become an actress  speaks more to their pathology than any convincing characteristics she had that made her worth that effort .  
by far the worst movie of all time . even yaphet kotto could not save this turkey . i have heard that the movie was originally supposed to be titled  the treasure  but was changed to  sharks  treasure  in order to take advantage of the excitement created by  jaws  . i think sharks were in one scene of this movie the fact that they happened to be included in this  thriller  was supposed to sell tickets . didn  t work . anytime something  good  happens in the movie  the ship  s crew toasts each other with a certain brand of beer that had just been introduced at the time the movie was made . gee  do ya think that beer might have been a sponsor  could they have made it any more obvious  the only time anyone should break out the beer is if they make it through this thing . that  s cause enough for celebration .  
sheesh  what a dreadful movie . dodgy camera work  a script with more corn than kellogg  s  and acting so hammy you could open a pig farm with it .  br    br   to cap it all  it doesn  t know which audience to aim at  we have cornel wilde  or is that corny wilde   getting on his soap box about the hazards of smoking any time someone lights a cigarette  dear oh dear  and in another awkward scene we have the baddie  lobo  forcing his  ahem  if you will   male friend  to do a striptease dressed in a bikini . try explaining that one to the kids . . .  br    br   throw in an overly contrived treasure island  cum  jaws type storyline  and the result is a film so unintentionally funny  it  s enjoyable  i shouldn  t expect a special edition dvd any time soon  though .  
cornel wilde and three dumbbells search for sunken treasure in the south atlantic .  br    br   the treasure  hunters led by wilde fight a group of territorial sharks with cute little sneers on their hungry faces . wilde and his merry men must find a way to take themselves off the menu so they can begin excavating an old spanish galleon filled with gold bullion .  br    br   after the crew engages in a small eternity of pushing  shoving  arguing  and listening to wilde  s annoying health tips   crazy convicts board the boat and complicate things . now it is a battle of wits as to who gets the treasure and who gets to see what the inside of a shark  s stomach looks like .  br    br   at least wilde is in shape wearing exactly the same thing he wore in  the naked prey    years earlier and he has remained in excellent condition .  br    br   made on a budget of   cents .  
this movie was a real torture fest to sit through . its first mistake is treating nuclear power as so self  evidently a  bad thing  that it barely needs to convince the audience of it . when it does stoop to putting in its argument  it has the participants breathlessly deliver barely substantiated facts  all that  s missing is someone crying  when is someone going to think of the children   . while watching this movie  i kept thinking  where  d you hear that   or  that can  t possibly be true   yet little of the info was backed up by any reliable sources . and bless  em  the  regular folks  in the movie came across more like luddites than people with any understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear power to be fair  that might be the fault of the film  makers  but equally fairly  it  s a condition shared by the movie  s rock stars .  br    br   as for the performers . . . . . . . . . . . now some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music i  ve enjoyed  and i  m sure a few of them really did believe in this cause . but they all come across as wheezing old hippies desperately searching for something to get worked up over  now that the   s have passed them by . particularly embarrassing are graham nash and james taylor . nash seems to be trying too hard  he looks like he can  t possibly believe the things he  s being told  not that i blame him   but desperate to feel noticed and included . james taylor performs what has to be the wimpiest protest  anthem  ever   stand and fight   in the most sickeningly cheerful way you can imagine . in fact  most of the performances are pretty bland when they  re not being patronizing . nobody seems worked up by this event  as if it really doesn  t mean much to them at all . it  s worth noting that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be john hall  of the band orleans  and responsible for some of the wimpiest mor pop of the   s .  remember  if you dare   dance with me  and  still the one  .  it  s worth noting because that  s symbolic of how the cause here fails to inspire any real passion in the music . the cause is supposedly life  or  death  but everybody sleepwalks through their numbers like they  re playing the catskills . except maybe gil  scott heron  his protest number  we almost lost detroit  is on topic at least  but delivered with all the smugness of a high  schooler impressed with how  controversial  he  s being .  br    br   only bruce springsteen  s performance raises a pulse i  ve never been a big fan of the boss  but he absolutely smokes  no question . part of me thinks he was taped separately  at another event  and edited into this movie to give wake the audience . compared to the general blandness and air of self  satisfaction here  it  s no wonder bruce was hailed as the savior of rock  n  roll .  br    br   but even his performance is hobbled by the lifeless concert shooting . i don  t expect a lot of flashy camera movement from a    s film  but the shots are unnecessarily static  broken up only by split  second cutaways to a back  up singer  s tonsils . now  some of this may be because the performers are lifeless to start with and maybe the film  makers are more skilled at shooting documentaries than concert footage  but all you have to do is watch  rust never sleeps  or  the last waltz  to see a movie like this done with more skill . and with more exciting musicians .  br    br   so really  there  s only two things to watch this movie for springsteen  s stellar performance  and as a sad snapshot about a counter  culture in decline .  
ok  i have been a huge fan of the black for a long time and was disgusted after seeing this film . let  s name the problems . . . first this film has much of the same crew that the first two had . it has also been called the prequel to the original black stallion . why is it that they can  t get shetan  s dam  s name correct or her color   in the black stallion returns  we learn the sagr was the black  s chestnut mother and in this film she is a gray mare name jenny          wtf  and it  s set in africa in     and     . . . i could be wrong but the first one was set in the      s as well when the ship wrecks . time line doesn  t sound quite right to me . also  as a goof  there is a friesian in the beginning of the movie that is supposed to be shetan  s father . . . upon further notice it appears to be a gelding . ben ishaak is the only character that remained to even make this film appear to be related to the previous two in any way . might be a cute family film to some but it  s my biggest movie disappointment of the year .  
i understand that this movie is made for kids and as a parent i have sat through many movies that don  t particularly hold my interest  but i can appreciate from a constructive point of view in how it is being received by my children . parents are supposed to be encouraged after all to take part in their children  s activities and to monitor the quality of the entertainment that they view so there should be something that appeals to an adult audience on some level even in children  s movies . disney has always understood this which is why it is so hard to fathom how it could allow such a complete piece of drek to bear their name .  br    br   technically  the sound editing is horrible and all dialog sounds over  dubbed and unnatural . personally i hate that  but it was doubly awful considering the dialog itself seemed as though it was written by a   year old for a school project . the  acting  reminded me of a school play and none of the child actors had any range of emotion in their voices . thankfully it was a very short movie .  br    br   now  before i come off like a video  geek measuring a kids movie with an adult yard stick  the one thing that can save even the worst children  s movie is a positive message . far be it from me to determine how a message has to be delivered so long as the right one is . let us take a walk through this film to see what messages are given  br    br   if you are lost  don  t worry  you will inevitably find your way home .  br    br   approach wild animals without any fear .  br    br   you can win any competition just because you  know  you can .  br    br   and my favorite  the final message left in the film  br    br   it  s okay to disobey authority figures and do what you think is right .  
this extremely weak australian excuse for a motion picture is sort of like the pavlov dog experiment amongst horror movies . you remember this famous  conditioned reflex  experiment from your school books  right  the russian scientist pavlov proved that dogs tended to salivate before the food actually came into their mouths and this through repetitive routines stimulating the animal  s reflexes . pavlov rung a bell a couple of instants before the food was delivered to the dog and  after a while  he became anxious and excited and already started salivating from hearing the sound of the bell . what the hell has this whole boring explanation in common with a sleazy and low  budgeted aussie slasher flick  i hear you think  well  the modus operandi of the maniacal killer in  nightmares  is an exact variant on pavlov  s experiment . each and every single murder sequence is preceded by the raw sound and image of the killer breaking a window  because he  she insists on using a sharp piece of glass to slice up the victims . so this means that  after a short while  inattentive and bored viewers can afford to doze off and simply look up again when they hear the sound of shattering glass . that way they still don  t miss anything special   br    br   regarding the quality of  nightmares  as a film i can be very brief . this is a cheap  uninspired and largely imbecilic aussie cash  in on the contemporary popular trend of american slasher movies . in the early    s  a four  year  old witnesses the cruel death of her mother as her throat gets slit open in a nasty car accident . twenty years later the same girl  helen selleck  is a successful stage actress  but she still has severe mental issues and regularly suffers from horrible flashbacks and traumatic nightmares . she auditions for a role in a black comedy play revolving on death and gets the part . shortly after the big premiere  everyone who  s even remotely involved with the production gets slaughtered . it is truly retarded how this movie attempts to uphold the mystery regarding the killer  s identity and motivations even though even the most infantile viewer can figure it out after the first murder already . i don  t think i  ve ever seen a more obvious whodunit than  nightmares  and the creators should have just showed his  her face straight away and save themselves from embarrassment . the murders are explicit and very bloody and there  s also an unhealthy large amount of gratuitous nudity to  enjoy  . however  the production values are poor and thus the movie is never at one point shocking or provocative . the few clips we get to see of the actual play make it appear that it quite possible could be the worst thing ever performed on stage . the only positive elements in the film are the characters of the director and the gay newspaper critic  whom are both delightfully sarcastic and insult the rest of the cast members as much as we do .  nightmares  is a dreadful piece of exploitative horror cinema  but hey  at least i gave you a golden tip to make it more digestible .  
jenny neumann  from the sexploitation flick mistress of the apes  the american slasher hell night and others  is helen selleck  an american actress who gets a lead role in an australian stage production . she  s a virgin because as a little girl she saw her mom having sex and then accidentally caused the car accident that killed her . meanwhile  a black  gloved killer prowls around the theater slashing up people with shards of glass .  br    br   major spoiler  br    br   the killer is obviously helen  she speaks in her dead mother  s voice  washes blood off her hands after the murders and is seen killing a child molester with a broken bottle as a little girl    but this has gratuitous heavy  breathing pov camera  work and conceals the identity of the murderer until the very end like it  s supposed to be some big surprise .  br    br   the entire cast seems obsessed with talking about  having or trying to have sex  and  in one case  even blackmailing their way into getting laid . there  s quite a bit of nudity and blood  but there  s no sense of continuity  the photography is murky and the editing  by colin eggleston  who also scripted and produced  is terrible . the theater setting for a slasher film predates soavi  s film of the same name and argento  s opera  both of which are better than this one  by five years though  and neumann is pretty hot .  
this is a direct sequel to  the mummy  s hand         because the lead character  stephen banning  played by dick foran  is now thirty years older and is relating the story  with the help of archival footage  to his son  s fianc . there are only two unusual aspects to the film the early death of banning  and the presence of turhan bey .  br    br   lon chaney as the mummy kharis gets top billing  though given the nature of his role  he has little more to do than limp along or thrash his arms about . there  s nothing scary about his presence  except for his attempt to carry off the fianc  isobel  elyse knox  . dick foran gets second billing  but he  s killed off within the first fifteen minutes  we  d have to wait until  psycho        when a lead character  janet leigh  dies way before the end of the movie  banning  s buddy from the first film  babe jenson  now henson   shows up a little later looking much  much  older and not doing any of the comic shtick he did in the original . it  s hard to believe it  s the same actor  unfortunately  this great acting job is wasted because he gets killed by kharis after only two brief scenes . it  s then left up to banning  s son john  played by bit player john hubbard  to led the chase to the cemetery   no  the sheriff leads a torch wielding mob to banning  s house to burn it down and kill the mummy . sound universally familiar   br    br   turhan bey is introduced to audiences as the new high priest  mehmet bey  to care for and feed tana leaves to kharis . with his  exotic  voice and appearance  it  s too bad he gets so easily killed . a better movie would have had  babe  take von helsing type charge of things in tracking down the mummy  with a final decisive battle with him and mehmet bay . but instead we have a pedestrian rehash of different set pieces from previous universal horror films  put together by the hack griffin jay who wrote many of universal  s other clunkers  although he also did  don winslow of the navy        as well as  don winslow of the coast guard        which also featured elyse knox .  br    br   elyse knox played anne howe in six joe palooka movies             and of course  turhan bey  with   movie and tv credits  is great in the title role of  the amazing dr . x        .  br    br   the cinematography is much darker and more atmospheric  with lots of noirish shadows in the sheriff  s office  than the first  kharis  mummy film  but there  s little else of interest or excitement .  br    br   i  ll give it a  .  
the mummy  s tomb starts with a review of the events in the mummy  s hand and then moves the story forward several years and across the ocean to the united states of america where the current high priest and the mummy kharis set out to wreak havoc and take revenge on those who violated the tomb in the past .  br    br   while i absolutely loved  the mummy  with boris karloff as the mummy imhotep  and quite liked  the mummy  s hand  with tom tyler as kharis  which is the direct prequel to this film   i was not as taken with  the mummy  s tomb  .  br    br   it is made in a similar style as the previous film and has a somewhat similar plot albeit in a new setting . lon chaney jr is okay as kharis  but doesn  t really stand out . and i guess that  s my main criticism of this movie  that nothing really stands out . there  s nothing really terrible here  but nothing really outstanding either  so the viewer is left with a rather bland mummy  s tale .  
i  ve seen this film because i had do  my job includes seeing movies of all kinds  . i couldn  t stop thinking  who gave money to make such an awful film and also submit it to cannes festival   it wasn  t only boring  the actors were awful as well . it was one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen .  
this film is just plain horrible . john ritter doing pratt falls     of the actors delivering their lines as if they were reading them from cue cards  poor editing  horrible sound mixing  dialogue is tough to pick up in places over the background noise   and a plot that really goes nowhere . i didn  t think i  d ever say this  but dorothy stratten is not the worst actress in this film . there are at least  others that suck more . patti hansen delivers her lines with the passion of ben stein . i started to wonder if she wasn  t dead inside . even bogdanovich  s kids are awful  the oldest one is definitely reading her lines from a cue card  . this movie is seriously horrible . there  s a reason bogdanovich couldn  t get another project until  years later . please don  t watch it . if you see it in your television listings  cancel your cable . if a friend suggests it to you  reconsider your friendship . if your spouse wants to watch it  you  re better off finding another soulmate . i  d rather gouge my eyes out with lawn darts than sit through this piece of garbage again . if i could sum this film up in one word  that word would be suckotrocity  
  st watched            out of    dir  harold young   the  rd universal mummy movie is about the same as the first two as far as the final result from the viewer  s perspective . the story is similar and the results are ho  hum . this time the story  s location is the u . s . as the egyptian priest  s new follower sends a mummy to our country in hopes he can revive him to kill descendants of those who opened the original tomb . this time the mummy is played by lon chaney  which doesn  t make much of a difference because he  s really not asked to do much acting for this character  . the new priest becomes a morgue  keeper in the town and sends the mummy out to do his dirty deeds after feeding him the tanna leaf juice . again  a girl gets in the way  as the priest falls for one of the descendent  s fianc and wants her  yes    to be immortal with him  haven  t we heard this before   . the plan is  of course  thwarted as the townsfolk hunt down the mummy with torches  similar to the frankenstein monster  and the burning of the creature ends the story . . . how do they get a sequel   i guess you  ll find out with the next one in the series   or not . . . . .  
nothing will ruin a movie as much as the combination of a poor script and poor direction . this is the case with  the mummy  s tomb .   br    br   the script is leftover ideas from older  better universal horror flicks like  dracula  and  frankenstein .  the direction is trite and stale . the acting is mediocre . even chaney  s kharis is feeble compared to tom tyler  s in  the mummy  s hand   and the producers are foolish enough to add footage from christy cabanne  s vastly better prequel and point up the weakness of their own film   br    br   universal realized how bad this movie was  and essentially remade it from scratch two years later as  the mummy  s ghost  with a much better script and better director . the result was likely the best film in their four film  mummy  cycle  although not anywhere near as good as karl freund  s     original .  br    br   cabanne  s footage raises this film to a  . the  new  stuff is a  at best . dick foran and wallace ford were probably glad to see their characters bumped off so they wouldn  t have to appear in dreck like this anymore   
cheap  mediocre sequel to the successful  the mummy  s hand  has presumably dead evil professor andoheb  george zucco  preparing his predecessor mehemet bey  turhan bey  for the quest of revenge overseas to america using mummy kharis  lon chaney  jr who has no reason being in the disguise . . any stunt man could do the same credible work lumbering around and choking victims  in the goal of killing the surviving members of the banning family whose patriarch stephen  dick foran  and assistant babe hanson  wallace ford  retrieved the mummified corpse of princess ananka from her tomb in egypt . . andoheb considers this an outlandish act of desecration and wants the family to suffer for doing such an awful deed towards an ancient egyptian custom . bey and the mummy kharis find a nice hideaway in a cemetery where the high priest of karnak can work as a caretaker in disguise . every full moon  bey will feed kharis a form of liquid derived of several tana leaves which will keep him not only alive but subservient to his master  s wishes . bey commands kharis to kill stephen and his sister jane  mary gordon   while also biding time for babe to return so that he will become victim   . dr . john banning  john hubbard  plans to wed isobel  elyse knox   but doesn  t know that bey secretly covets his fianc making plans to kidnap her with kharis  help . john  s life is in danger because of his father . . he  s also the last remaining member of the banning line . if bey has isobel  there  s no chance of any more bannings being born . the police must find kharis and the one responsible for his carnage . . bey .  br    br   this film is a continuation from hand set years later as members of that film  foran  ford  zucco all appear in  aging  make  up providing wrinkles showing the gaps in time as andoheb has been preparing for the deaths of the bannings . the cornball romance of john and isobel seems merely in this plot so that bey will screw up endangering his perfect plan which was being carried out successfully before he loused it up . and  bey merely sees her frolicking with john on the grass . . the whole  love  at  first  sight  rubbish really didn  t wash for me . plus you have the mummy being able to kill people with one arm . . is any mummy really that powerful  this film also uses a ton of footage from the previous film to save budget on this sequel to it . there really isn  t that much story here and yes  typical of universal monster pictures  even in america a mob of people will light . . ho hum . . torches going after kharis . you know how it  ll end . . john and the super  powerful kharis will square off in some huge mansion with fire burning all around them with the evil one being engulfed in flame .  
a resurrected wrapped monster goes on a murdering binge . a lunatic is seeking revenge against living members of a previous expedition . universal seems to be running out of wrapping as well as new ideas . most of the budget was probably spent on lon chaney jr . to star as kharis  the mummy .  br    br   other players are george zucco  wallace ford  turhan bey  dick foran and elyse knox .  br    br   how much longer can this madness continue   
william s . hart  as jim treen   the most eligible bachelor in canyon city  is finally getting hitched  to pretty blonde waitress leona hutton  as molly stewart  . his fiance doesn  t know it  but mr . hart is secretly the western town  s  most wanted  bandit . however  hart is planning to go straight  due to his marriage plans . unfortunately  ms . hutton discovers hart  s secret stash  whilst cleaning up his untidy cabin so  she calls off the wedding . next  hutton succumbs to the charms of mining swindler frank borzage  as w . sloane carey  .  br    br   serviceable entertainment from superstar hart he was ranked no less than   at the box office  by quigley publications  for the years     and      ahead of mary pickford  . the principles perform capably . later on  frank borzage was quite a director and leona hutton  a suicide . . .  br    br    a knight of the trails          william s . hart  william s . hart  leona hutton  frank borzage  
this is a very bad western mainly because it is historically inaccurate . it looks as if it were shot on a back lot in california instead of where jack slade lived and died  idaho  colorado territories  and montana . it fictionalizes everything that is known about this mysterious  bad man    good man .  the script is horrible there is very little direction  and lousy acting . dorothy malone is completely wasted as his wife . mark steven never seems to know how to portray this mysterious jack slade . in real life  jack slade was a very good stage line superintendent . he was feared by his local townsmen for his hard drinking . when drunk he would start fights and cause other problems in virginia city  montana . to insure that he could never terrorize them again  vigilantes lynched jack slade after he ignored their warning to leave town immediately . this is a horrible movie . i can not recommend anyone to watch this movie other than to see how hollywood butches history at will  even to this day .  
back  again  in scotland  lassie is  again  on trial for her life . because the faithful dog sleeps on her master  s grave  she must be put to death  according to law . oddly  it is also explained that lassie had no  legal  owner  which is  apparently  also against an old scottish law . if  after three days  no owner is located  dogs must be destroyed . edmund gwenn  as john traill  pleads lassie  s case  which leads to an extended flashback  showing lassie  s adoption by donald crisp  as john  jock  gray  .  br    br   although it  s based on an interesting  original story   greyfriars bobby     challenge to lassie  revisits several earlier lassie situations and  it does not improve upon them . comparatively speaking  this one is sloppy and unexciting and  it  s a disappointing follow  up to  the sun comes up         . geraldine brooks  as susan brown  and several of the other performers may be charming  but can  t elevate this one . little jimmy hawkins  from  it  s a wonderful life   is among the notable children supporting lassie much later  he will grow up to marry  dark shadows   bewitching  angelique   lara parker  .  
the perfectly stupid weapon . i think the guys dancing at the beginning of one of steven segal  s movies was intented to mock jeff doing his forms to dance music at the beginning of this stupid movie . the plot is predictable  the fights were fair and jeff acts about as well as the sofa he beats with some sort of weapon in one scene .  
  br    br   get your brewskies out and enjoy this flawed action flick . speakman  s considerable kempo skill  nice spin kicks  decent with the sticks  poor couch   is the only redeeming quality of a movie that just cries bad acting . the plot isn  t half bad just executed pretty poorly . but if you  re seeing this movie for anything other than martial arts  you  re missing the boat entirely . and for a movie that is supposed to take place in koreatown  way way too few korean actors  even extras  .  
bad plot  though good for a b  movie   good fast  paced fight scenes  at most a  out of   . but something has always bothered me about this film how come mariska hargitay never speaks  in the tv version  she shares several intimate moments with jeff speakman  even a kiss in a garden . yet in the regular  video  version  most of her scenes are cut and she never speaks at all . this bothers me because it not only takes out a female  though cliched  point  of  view to the film  it also makes the final shot seem creepy . this film would have been better had they kept her scenes in  because in those scenes at least she has a personality  one that undercuts whatever speakman says .  
overlong drama that isn  t capable of making any real point . so she became an actress  so what  she learned to love  big deal . there is a certain eccentricity among the characters and in the dialog and situations  but the kind which is bad for the movie  causing it to often seem absurd .  br    br   summer phoenix  playing the lead  talks and behaves like a semi  retarded person  so there is no choice but to watch the movie as about a retarded girl that makes it in the world of theater  which was clearly not the intended point . we are told early on  in that  barry lyndon   like narration  that she learned to hide her emotions  which certainly explains her autistic stone  face  but the movie suffers for it . she basically walks around like a zombie  and her success as an actress isn  t quite credible given her lack of emotions . occasionally  the movie had that dull  sleepy feel of a dogma   movie . is it one  i wouldn  t be at all surprised .  br    br   summer phoenix is sister of joaquim phoenix and the late river phoenix . nepotism rarely works .  br    br   if you  d like to see my hollywood nepotism list  with over    pictures  entries  contact me by e  mail .  
first of all  yes  animals have emotions . if you didn  t know that already  then i believe you are a moron . but let  s assume that none of us are morons . we all know that animals have emotions  and we now want to see how these emotions are manifest in nature  correct   br    br   what we get instead is a tedious and ridiculously simplistic documentary that attempts to show how animals are  human  . the filmmakers search high  low for footage of animals engaged in human  like behaviour  and when it happens they say   that monkey is almost human    that  s actually a direct quote  .  br    br   everything is in human terms . they waste time theorizing about what makes dogs  smile   but not once do they mention what a wagging tail means . the arrogance of these researchers is disgusting . they even go so far as to show chimpanzees dressed in human clothing and wearing a cowboy hat .  br    br   i had been expecting an insightful documentary of animals on their own terms . i wanted to learn how animals emote in their own languages . but instead  researchers keep falling back on pedantic  anthropomorphic observations and assumptions . add a cheezy soundtrack and images of chimps  celebrating christmas   and this was enough to turn my stomach .  br    br   but it doesn  t end there . half of this documentary is filmed not in the wild but in laboratories and experimental facilities . all the camera shots of chimps are through steel bars  and we see how these monkeys are crowded together in their sterile concrete cages . one particularly sobering moment happens near the beginning  though you have to be quick to notice it  where a captive monkey says in sign language   want out . hurry go .   br    br   obscure references are made to  stress tests  and psychological experiments which i shudder to imagine . baby monkeys are separated from their mothers at birth and are given wireframe dolls in order to prove that baby monkeys crave a  mother figure  . and after   years of experiments  the smug researchers pat themselves on the back for reaching their brilliant conclusion monkeys have emotions .  br    br   one chimp named  washoe  has been in a concrete cage since     for that purpose  and to this day she remains thus . we get a brief glimpse  again through bars  of her leaning against a concrete wall with a rather lackluster expression . personally  i don  t need to see any further experimental data . washoe  i apologize for our entire species .  
i vaguely remember ben from my sci  fi fandom days of the    s  i was doing several interviews  bios of obscure actors  actresses  most notably ben  actress fay spain  and jody fair  who played angela in      s the young savages . ben was one of the people at a low  key sci  fi con in chicago  about      when i had a nice chat with him and his  career  and life . all these were published in some now  long  forgotten fanzine of the day . wish i still had copies of those interviews  but time marches on  and any of those people surely wouldn  t  remember me at all so many years later . ben was a really nice fellow  ekeing out a living  the cons of those days didn  t even pay their guest  unless  of course they were big  name stars  and even then the pay was a couple hundred dollars  at most  good to know ben  s still alive  kicking  how  bout a remake of creature  but   years older  ugly then  uglier now   
this movie deserves credit for its original approach . it combines elements of theater  film  and epic storytelling . unfortunately  it falls flat on all levels . the films biggest weakness is it  s unwillingness to commit to anything it has camp  moralistic  and epic elements without ever committing to any of them . as for the story itself  chretien de troyes is spinning in his grave at this horrible adaptation which turns the lovable  unbearably innocent percival into a most ungallant and rude churl .  br    br   most likely two types of people will see this  francophiles or arthuriophiles . speaking as one of the latter  i found the movie unwatchable and an incredibly shabby  disrespectful treatment of a beautiful story .  
and it doesn  t help rohmer  s case that a few years later syberberg came along and made a staggeringly great piece of work on the same subject  with a little help from wagner  .  br    br   maybe this movie didn  t look so paltry when it came out  without the syberberg film to compare it to  which was probably shot on an even smaller sound stage with fewer resources . i actually can  t recall at the moment whether there are horses in the syberberg film . all i know is  the german version is pure magic  while this one looks like some college production documented on film for archival purposes .  br    br   the music . . . la musique . . . isn  t even credited here on imdb . . . but someone based it on  airs from the   th    th centuries  or something . . . well it isn  t a great help to the film . it comes off as inauthentic and cheesy  comme le frommage mon cher     br    br   rohmer is one of those french auteurs who likes his leading men generally quite unattractive  too  and that doesn  t help matters . syberberg  s parsifal was adorable  and can be seen on german television today selling some kind of special bicycle he invented . . . .  br    br   i shudder to think what watching the syberberg on video is like . i remember that the last time i saw the film in a theater  the print was so bad that the experience was a whopping  hour travesty . but even then it would have to surpass what this version has to offer  i  m afraid .  br    br   points for earnestness  for chutzpah  but . . . this film simply needed beau  coup more bucks . it doesn  t look like a medieval manuscript it looks cheapo  bon marche   oh and yeah  it just ends very arbitrarily with parsifal going to church and this cheesy passion play being interjected . . . blah   
this movie is probably the worst i have seen . bad acting  bad script  bad everything . comparing it to mainly two other movies in the same genre and from approximately the same time is interesting . both cyborg  van damme       and nemesis  olivier gruner       are much better and seems more robust in both story and directing and still it  s albert pyun who has directed these two as well   br    br   the story is not original . the world has become a terrible place  possibly due to an environmental disaster or a nuclear war  and people live under medieval circumstances . a special breed of robots  cyborgs  live on human blood and there  s the story . . . the cyborgs need to get a lot of humans to fulfill there  prophecy  and the humans need someone to stop them . one girl together with a robot  kris kristofferson  built by the creator of the cyborgs has been appointed by destiny to save mankind .  br    br   in this movie the director tries some hong  kong stylish fighting scenes with the participants flying high and leaping far . the movie fails miserably in this attempt .  br    br   i recommend this film with the only reason that most people will get a new  worst ever  movie to relate to . and to fans of the genre i recommend  cyborg  since i think it  s a very underestimated movie with quite a high entertaining factor . and if you can  t stand van damme then check out  nemesis  .  br    br   i rated this movie     .  
still a sucker for pyun  s esthetic sense  i liked this movie  though the  unfinished  ending was a let  down . as usual  pyun develops a warped sense of humour and kathy long  s fights are extremely impressive . beautifully photographed  this has the feel it was done for the big screen .  
knights was just a beginning of a series  a pilot  one might say . the plot  i really shouldn  t call it that  there wasn  t any plot  wasn  t logical at all and there were many mistakes  like warning  i  m summarizing the plot  br    br   in the beginning of the movie someone said that there was only a couple of those cyborgs  the bad guys  but after the climax  nea found out that there were many many more left of them . and it was told that cyborgs were hard to kill  but after a month  s training  nea could kill them with a single blow .  br    br   the movie was just pure kicking . i wasn  t surprised at all  when i found out that the leading star was a kick boxer .  br    br   there was one positive thing in the whole movie it really gave a great deal of laughter when watching it and talking about it with my friends . i recommend watching it  if you are in need of laughter .  
this move is about as bad as they come . i was  however forced to give it a  for the scenery . there are many great shots of the southwest including many in monument valley  one of the most breathtaking places in the us . it is also  starting with john ford  one of the most filmed . in fact one scene with kris and the girl was filmed on a place called john ford point .  
once in a while you get amazed over how bad a film can be  and how in the world anybody could raise money to make this kind of crap . there is absolutely no talent included in this film  from a crappy script  to a crappy story to crappy acting . amazing . . .  
vampire cyborgs rule the world and use the blood of humans as fuel  however there is going to be a shift of power thanks to a renegade android  kris kristofferson  and a warrior woman  kathly long  as they face off against lance henriksen and gary daniels  who play the cyborgs in this ridiculous movie  of all the questions left unanswered by this dreadful movie  the most poignant is who  s idea was it to cast country singer kris kristofferson as a cyborg warrior who is able to give as good as he gets . no  don  t get me wrong i could see kristofferson as a vigilante or something but not as a cyborg . strangely one suspects that this was written for dolph lundgren  however lundgren must have had the wisdom to not do it . however despite the disastrous casting  kristofferson is easily the most enjoyable thing about the movie . he gives a performance far more human then the inexpressive kathy long .  and kristofferson is playing a robot  despite the miscasting  kristofferson provides the few moments of interest . lance henriksen is slumming and gary daniels is wasted but basically knights is baffling failure . you stand back in horror wondering who the hell thought that this was even a good idea on paper .  this is a movie where a dismembered kristofferson is fighting robots in a backpack  worst of all it ends in a what if sequel  thankfully this has yet to materialize although i still have nightmares at the proposition of the likelihood of such an event .  br    br    out of    bad   
a shame that even a talented director  desplechin  could not muster a decent performance out of a bleakly  talented actress  phoenix  esther kahn lacks the substance to convey a very concise and clear plot . in an attempt to fulfill the concentric circle of an actor  s plight  the performance and presentation is too contrived and poorly executed to draw any compassion from the viewer . in an overly long running time  the redundancy of esther  s struggle is too melodramatic to be effective and reduces the storyline into a frail frame of a disastrous display . the content is incoherent and gratuitous as phoenix struggles to carry out desplechin  s instruction  just as esther is supposedly trying to do the same . never feeling a convincing victory over esther  s pain  we never feel a victory in phoenix  s talent .  
someone needed to make a car payment . . . this is truly awful . . . makes jean claude  s cyborg look like gone with the wind . . . this is an hour i wish i could sue to get back . . . luckily it produced severe somnolence . . . from which i fell asleep . how can actors of this caliber create this dog  i would rather spend the time watching algae grow on the side of a fish tank than partake of this wholly awful concoction of several genre . i now use the dvd as a coaster on my coffee table .   .   at walmart is far too much to spend on this movie . . . if you really have to have it  wait till they throw them out after they have carried them on the inventory for several years and are frustrated that they would not sell .  br    br   please for the love of god let this movie die of obscurity .  
you can  t really go far when the initial story isn  t all that great . the premise of cyborg  s needing blood is just dopey .  br    br   the script is blas  . the actors don  t have much to work with . the sets were staged out in the desert to cut costs . it  s a trademark that if the background is the desert  then the movie has no budget .  br    br   lack of budget is okay  if there  s a story .  solarbabies  and  blood of champions  are examples of decent work from no  . but this movie looks as if they had to scrape their change together just to buy the cameraman a sandwich . again  forgivable if only the story didn  t just plain suck .  br    br   finally  this movie commits the biggest crime of all it doesn  t finish  it simply ends as if it  s a commercial break away from the rest of the movie . but the rest never comes . just odd .  br    br   just bad .  
there is a word for this sort of film  and that word is  drivel .  it was drivel when it was a vhs rental  and it  s drivel on satellite re  runs now .  br    br   it might fool you  because it has  moderately well  known names in kistofferson and henriksen  reasonable soundtrack music  and nice monument valley scenery .  br    br   it also has some curly haired woman who fights a lot .  br    br   if that  s all you want from a movie  then maybe this will keep you happy .  br    br   it  s still drivel  though .  
this movie will promote the improvement of the mind . read a book  it  s incredible anyone would think this movie deserved the time and investment to make . i  ve seen  b  movies before but the  c  movie has just been invented . i didn  t think i would ever enjoy power rangers since my kids stopped watching but i found myself looking for the videos fifteen minutes into  knights .  high school productions are better than this and the actors involved should erase this from their resume . embarrassment is one of many descriptions that come to mind . my roommate  who loves these types of movies even turned it off . now that has to really tell you something . if you watch this movie  and like it  i will pray for you .  
i tuned into this thing one night on a cable channel a few minutes after the credits ran  so i didn  t know who had done it at first . the longer i saw it  the more i started thinking   jesus  this looks like an albert pyun flick .  wasn  t quite sure  though  for two main reasons the photography was quite good  and the utah desert scenery was beautiful   and scott paulin gave an hilarious performance as simon  a murderous cyborg  but with some style and a sense of humor . paulin must have ad  libbed the many clever one  liners he shot out  because albert pyun hasn  t written anything even remotely funny or coherent in his career . unfortunately  paulin doesn  t have all that much screen time before he  s gone  and the movie  s the worse for it . lance henriksen  playing the evil head cyborg  growls his way through his part  as he  s done in countless other movies like this . i don  t know what the hell kris kristofferson is doing in this thing maybe he wanted to see what the utah desert looked like and get paid for it . he goes through the movie looking  and sounding  like he just woke up  and in fact spends most of the last half of the movie on his back in a tent . kathy long  the nominal hero  has a great body  is attractive  has a great body  fights extremely well  has a great body  and doesn  t have an iota of acting talent  but that doesn  t matter in a movie like this . this being an albert pyun film  it  s full of the trademarks that we  ve all come to know and love inane and idiotic dialog  choppy editing  and the impression that they lost a reel in the middle of the picture and figured   ah  nobody  ll ever notice .   br    br   as bad as this movie is  however  it  s a shade above most of pyun  s other efforts   this is  citizen kane  compared to his brain  numbing  adrenaline feel the rush   for example . the fights are pretty well done  if repetitive  after she knocks down eight or nine guys one after the other  you find yourself saying   alright already  go to something else    and long is very athletic  and  as a previous poster has noted  has a great derrire  . it  s not a good movie by any stretch of the imagination  but it  s not anywhere near as incoherent and incompetent as pyun  s usual extravaganzas . you could do worse than rent this movie   not much worse  granted  but worse nonetheless .  
in the ravaged wasteland of the future  mankind is terrorized by cyborgsrobots with human featuresthat have discovered a new source of fuel human blood . commanded by their vicious leader jb  lance henriksen   the cyborgs prepare to overtake taos  a densely populated human outpost .  br    br   only one force can stop jb  s death marchthe cyborg gabriel  kris kristofferson   who is programmed to destroy jb and his army .  br    br   in the ruins of a ransacked village  gabriel finds nea  kathy long   a beautiful young woman whose parents were killed by cyborgs ten years earlier . now she wants revenge . they strike a pact gabriel will train nea how to fight the cyborgs and nea will lead gabriel to taos .  br    br   five  time kick  boxing champion kathy long has all the right moves in this high  speed adventure that delivers plenty of action . also stars gary daniels  as david  and scott paulin  as simon  .  
this is one of the two postapocalyptic fantasy movies that albert pyun made in      and it  s the bad one . apparently all his energy went into  nemesis  which was an entertaining non  stop action movie  and had a much more expensive look .  knights  is clunky and cheesy  a bottom  of  the  barrel sci  fi that too often resembles a video game  new opponents pop up all the time and must be exterminated as quickly as possible  . the only thing that saves this movie from the trash can is kathy long not a particularly attractive woman  but undeniably a brutally efficient fighting machine . as for kris kristofferson  considering his age at the time      i hope his stunt double was well paid .        
set in a post  apocalyptic environment  cyborgs led by warlord job rein over the human population . they basically keep them as livestock  as they need fresh human blood to live off . nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a kid  and years have past when she came face  to  face with the cyborgs again  but this time she  s saved by the cyborg gabriel  who was created to destroy all cyborgs . job and his men are on their way to capture a largely populated city  while nea  with revenge on mind  pleads gabriel to train her in the way of killing cyborgs and she  ll get him to gabriel .  br    br   cheap low  rent cyborg  post  apocalyptic foray by writer  director albert pyun  who made  cyborg  prior to it and the blistering  nemsis  the same year  is reasonably a misguided hunk of junk with some interesting novelties . very little structure makes its way into the threadbare story  as the turgid script is weak  corny and overstated . the leaden banter tries to be witty  but it pretty much stinks and comes across being comical in the unintentional moments . most of the occurring actions are pretty senseless and routine . the material could  ve used another polish up  as it was an inspired idea swallowed up by lazy inclusions  lack of a narrative and an almost jokey tone . the open  ended  cliffhanger conclusion is just too abrupt  especially since a sequel has yet to be made . makes it feel like that that run out of money  and said  time to pack up . let  s finish it off another day  or maybe in another decade  . there  s no rush .  however it did find it rather diverting  thanks largely to its quick pace  some well  executed combat and george mooradian  s gliding cinematography that beautifully captured the visually arresting backdrop . performances are fair . kris kristofferson  s dry and steely persona works perfectly as gabriel and a self  assured  psychically capable kathy long pulls off the stunts expertly and with aggression . however her acting is too wooden . a mugging lance henriksen gives a mouth  watering performance of pure ham  as the villainous cyborg leader job who constantly having a saliva meltdown . scott paulin also drums up plenty of gleefulness as one of the cyborgs and gary daniels pouts about as one too . pyun strikes up few exciting martial art set pieces  involving some flashy vigour and gratuitous slow  motion . seeping into the background is a scorching  but mechanical sounding music score . the special effects and make  up fx stand up fine enough . watchable  but not quite a success and it  s minimal limitations can be a cause of that .  
every once in a while i will rent an action  adventure film just as a way to relax and occupy my mind with nothing important . this is why i own a copy of charlie  s angels        not a quality film  but it makes me laugh and allows me to unwind for a while . one of these days i will probably buy copies of the princess bride and a few monty python movies for much the same reason .  br    br   in any case  i rented this film because i wanted to be entertained without being challenged . for the most part  i got what i wanted . the plot was something along the lines of a poorly written xena episode  and the kathy long  s acting was very community theater  not bad for a professional kick boxer and amateur actress  . there were a few high points on the part of the cyborgs . somehow they managed to get some pretty good actors to play the bad guys  unfortunately  most of them die pretty darned quick .  br    br   like most martial arts films  the further you get into the movie  the more emphasis there is on action  and the plot  which wasn  t strong to begin with  deteriorates almost as quickly as the acting . however  the more kathy long fights  the more time the director devotes to her backside . by the end of the movie i was seriously considering watching it a second time just to count the number of times kathy long  s tight red shorts were center screen .  br    br   unfortunately  there just wasn  t enough meat to this film to make satisfying curiosity worth seeing the film a second time . if you are a hard core xena fan in need of something to wile away a few hours  by all means  go to the grocery store and spend the .   cents on the rental . there are some strong similarities between the show and this movie .  br    br   just don  t expect anything more than to be mildly amused for a few hours .  br    br   unless  of course  you happen to like kathy long  s derrire . then you might want to purchase a copy .  
elizabeth taylor never could act at all and she was just her usual annoying  untalented self in this film . this was before she got so fat but she still looked very short and dumpy . rock hudson was ok as bick benedict but clearly an actor with more range like william holden would have been better . james dean certainly proved he knew how to mumble his way through a movie . the whole film is incredibly slow and goes on for far too long . the actors were all too young and lightweight and none of them aged convincingly due to the poor make  up . hudson looked ridiculous just being padded out and dean and carroll baker were obviously the same age .  br    br       .  
the point of the vastly extended preparatory phase of this star is born story seems to be to make ultimate success all the more sublime . summer phoenix is very effective as an inarticulate young woman imprisoned within herself but never convincing as the stage actress of growing fame who both overcomes and profits from this detachment . even in the lengthy scenes of esther  s acting lessons  we never see her carry out the teacher  s instructions . after suffering through esther  s  largely self  inflicted  pain in excruciating detail  we are given no persuasive sense of her triumph .  br    br   the obsessive presence of the heroine  s pain seems to be meant as a guarantee of aesthetic transcendence . yet the causes of this pain  poverty  quasi  autism  judaism  sexual betrayal  never come together in a coherent whole . a     minute film with a simple plot should be able to knit up its loose ends . esther kahn is still not ready to go before an audience .  
  giant  is one of the most boring  overly  long hollywood contraptions ever . many scenes seem utterly fake and without energy . rock hudson  elizabeth taylor  and james dean are wasted in this big hollywood production . a central notion to this movie  that a rancher would ever resist drilling for oil on his land  is absurd  and i know this because i  m from houston . a couple of scenes  especially dean serving taylor coffee  redeem this otherwise boring film . for a much more accurate and interesting depiction about how modernism changed the ranches in texas  see  hud   one of paul newman  s great performances  or  the last picture show .   
with all due disrespect for this george stevens sr .  epic  of miscastings and misreadings  i can only wonder that the james dean  legend  could survive this outing  i submit that then  studio obeisances to bankable box office  giants  came a cropper of its own  gigantismoses  . nor were rock and liz that much better off . let us just say that the televised  dallas  was the authentic  heir   even if contemp  tuous  latterday  texans  like lay and delay  not to mention our putative  president  of these here yewbenighted states of amurrika  perform a one  upsmanship of dastardly global dimensions . i never read edna ferber  s original  but will lay odds it is head and shoulders superior to what got on screen herein . and all those well  paid  i would imagine   supporting  actors of note and celebrity notwithstanding   giant  is  to me at least  a midget of scant merit  never mind the promo campaigns .  
as big as a texas prairie and equally as boring . even liz taylor  james dean  chill wills  and dennis hopper can  t float this overbloated boat . taylor actually looks bad   wrong wardrobe  wrong hair  and wrong makeup   a unique accomplishment in her remarkable career . hopper gives the only believable performance  and dean in the climactic scene displays remarkable talent as something we usually don  t remember him for   a comic actor . rock hudson is his usual prototype of barbie doll ken and makes one wonder what a  say  redford could have done with the male lead . there is no discernible plot that provides any tension until the final twenty minutes  just a pastiche of milestones that have little relationship to each other . except for hopper  there is no character development  only a collection of cardboard cutouts that pop up periodically for no discernible reason like random targets in a shooting gallery . to its credit  the film does tackle racism and sexism at a time when they were taboo subjects  and it does have size  making it an excellent choice for ridding yourself of unwelcome house guests . those with the dvd version can spare themselves some of the tedium by starting with the second disk . you won  t be missing anything of interest .  
this movie is just crap . even though the directors claim to be part of that oi  culture  it  s still a very  very bad directorial debut . the topic itself is very interesting and i accept the bad acting due to the fact  that they are all amateurs and never acted before  but the worst thing about this film are the dialogs and very unexperienced and naive directing . there  s no timing at all in that movie . i felt like the directors were so exited to do that movie  it  s their first feature   that they actually never really asked themselves  what story they wanna tell . i met ben  one of the directors  on several occasions and he  s a nice and thoughtful guy  but that doesn  t make him a director . i think  that  american history x  is full of clichs  but somehow manages to transport a story .  oi  warning  is full of clichs  doesn  t tell anything new or provocative and   that  s the sad thing about this movie  it  s far from any oi   reality .  br    br   if you wanna see weird but great german films  watch the movies of michael haneke  christoph schlingensief  oskar roehler  hans weingartner or oliver hirschbiegel  br    br   benny  s video funny games die unberhrbare mein letzter film das experiment das weisse rauschen muxmuschenstill . . .  br    br    out of ten  because of the topic and the photography  
here  s yet another blasphemous european story in which they blast the religion of their country .  these atheist filmmakers are relentless .  here we see a brutal blasting of catholics and  or the catholic clergy  and i am not catholic  .  br    br   this won actually won an academy award for bes foreign film . that  s probably because the story made catholics and religious belief in general look extremely weak . one of the main characters is a priest and he cares more about food than anything else . he  s portrayed as nothing but an idiot . no wonder the secular  dominated academy loved this movie .  br    br   also  there is some overacting fool who plays a guy who renounces his religion so he can marry one of the four daughters featured in the story . the daughters take turns seducing the  seminary  student  who states he studied for six years but says he  s an agnostic   . i mean  how blasphemous is this film       br    br   this is a disgrace and another excellent example of the secular  progressive bigotry of the film business  worldwide  not just hollywood  .  
i recently watched belle epoque  thinking it might be wonderful as it did win an oscar for best foreign language film . i was a bit underwhelmed by the predictability and simplicity of the film . maybe the conflict i had was that from the time the movie was filmed to now  the plot of a man falling for beautiful women and eventually falling for the good girl has been done so many times . aside from predictability of the plot  some scenes in the film felt really out of place with the storyline  ex . a certain event at the wedding  . at times the film was a bit preachy in it  s ideas and in relation to the franco era the film was set in and the church . the only thing the film had going for it was the cutesy moments  the scenery  and the character of violeta being a strong  independent woman during times when women were not really associated with those characteristics .  
an allegation of aggravated sexual assault along with some other unpleasant peccadilloes  including improper use of a broom  are made against half a dozen or so of the most popular high  school jocks in glen ridge  new jersey  by a  mildly retarded  student  heather matarazzo  . the investigation and building of the case are handed over to the da  s office  where ally sheedy and eric stoltz are put in charge .  br    br   rumors about the case spread through glen ridge  an upper  middle  class suburb where the jocks are adored by everyone in the community .  one of their fathers is a police lieutenant .  nobody believes matarazzo .  our boys would never take a slut like that down to the basement  rape her  and subject her to such sexual humiliation .  the question is whether sheedy and stoltz will ever be able to shape a sufficiently cogent case that they can bring the jocks to trial . matarazzo is not an ideal plaintiff . she  s desperate for love and friendship  and that makes it easy for faux friends to mislead her into making false statements . a slimy reporter says   you can trust me   but it turns out the reporter can  t be trusted at all . another student  a very popular girl in school  pulls a linda tripp on matarazzo  pretending to be her bosom buddy but all the while asking her leading questions about the incident   and taping the results  as a consequence  watching this story unfold is like being on a roller coaster . at first it looks like a good case for sheedy and stoltz . but then  oops  the community organizes against the law . then it looks good again . but then the reporter interferes . then that obstacle is no sooner overcome  than linda tripp pokes her big nose into the investigation and makes public the tapes that seem to indicate matarazzo was lying .  well  actually  she was lying   but she was lying to her interrogator in order to please her .  then that  s overcome  but matarazzo objects to taking the stand because she doesn  t want to be characterized as  retarded .  eric stoltz is fine in the part of the prosecutor . i say that for the simple reason that he and i lived in pago pago around the same time .  i hope he wasn  t the kid i had that altercation with at the bar of the seaside club . if he was  i take back my compliment .  ally sheedy is a strange actress and hard to characterize . she did a marvelous self  restrained job in  fine art  but i didn  t sense any particular effort being put into this role  which was rather formulaic anyway . i mean  neither she nor stoltz nor anyone else could give a bravura performance in what  s essentially a comic book story .  br    br   the producers and director had the good sense to choose heather matarazzo for the role of victim . the very worst thing they could have done is cast an ethereally lovely  neotenous blond . instead  matarazzo  without being at all ugly  looks rather plain and this ordinary quality is complemented by her grooming and make up . nor have the writers turned her wistful and gentle . she has a temper and is sometimes irritating to listen to  which is all for the good .  br    br   matarazzo  s character is the best drawn in the film . the jocks are stereotypes . pure evil . they think themselves above the law  barge in on some nice girl  s party in east orange  trash the place during a party far worse than  la dolce vita  s  climactic orgy  and leave without explanation or apology . they deserve to get it in the neck   and they do .  br    br   i referred to this as a comic book story and that  s pretty much what it is . it challenges none of our prejudices . it reaffirms out belief that the world can be divided into good and evil . and we don  t have a moment  s doubt about who  s who . what i  m waiting for   not really  that  s just rhetorical   is a movie almost exactly like this one and a dozen others  but in which the victim is lying in order to get her name and photo in the papers and garner all those sympathy chips from right  thinking folk like the rest of us .  br    br   the film is based on a true story  as are so many others we  ve all seen  and even more fictional features .  eg .   the accused  .  some are good  some are strictly routine . okay . fair enough . now when do we get to see a film about the tawana brawley case  in which the teen  aged girl disappeared on a whim for a few days  then had her friends strip her  tie her up  and smear her with dirt  so she could claim she  d been abducted and raped by the police  now that would be a challenge in a way this one simply is not .  
i am normally a spike lee fan . it takes some time to really get into his  mojo   but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story that is close to his heart  lee is a genius . unlike the   th hour or bamboozled  two of my favorite films of his   there was no clear story in this film . i was able to understand the struggle between washington and the choice to play well or be influenced by others  but for some odd reason lee was never able to get the true feeling out . washington did a decent job with what was handed to him  but you could tell that this was not lee  s favorite film . not only did lee direct this film  but he also wrote it . you could tell . the camera work was horrid and the writing only contributed to the decay of the film . this film was coming full circle and it wasn  t going to be pretty . lee was not     behind this film as he was with do the right thing . of all the films i have seen lee direct  this was the brightest and more modest of his films . it was almost as if he created a hollywood movie instead of one that was all his own . i don  t know if he saw the money from do the right thing and ran with it  or what  but this film did not demonstrate his true talent .  br    br   for anyone out there that has seen this film  and perhaps stopped watching anything directed by spike lee afterwards due to this film  i suggest you give him a second chance . don  t get me wrong  i see exactly where you are coming from with this film and why you would want to put this behind you  but lee does grow up . his work becomes more of his own  and you can see the transformation from a desire to make money to just wanting to make good films . it took me awhile to watch the   th hour  but when i did  it was sheer brilliance . perhaps it was the actors  perhaps the story  but lee crafted an amazing film out of one man  s journey into the unknown . i guess that is what i was hoping mo  better blues would turn out to be . this really dark journey into the life of a man that really never grew up  but instead all i got was denzel being denzel . he really is one of the most versatile actors of this generation  and i do consider him the sydney poitier of cinema  but this was not the film to showcase his talent .  br    br   another issue that i had with this film was the use of spike  s sister playing one of the love interests . i don  t know about you  and your family  but i do not think that i could have filmed a sex scene with my sister . i don  t care who the actor is or how much money i am getting paid  i would never do it . it is just something that i never wish to see  but apparently that is different for spike . he went ahead and showed the full nude image of his sister without any remorse . it was sad and it even made me blush . also  i need somebody to answer me this . what was flavor flav doing introducing this film  so  i am sitting there on my couch  ready to start the film  when suddenly there is a voice from the past spelling out the studio that made this film  then he acknowledges himself . that did not build for a strong remaining of the story . again  i felt that lee was going for money on this film instead of actual talent . perhaps that is how he could afford both denzel and wesley in the same movie without any explosions .  br    br   there were two great scenes in this film that made it worth watching through to the end . don  t get me wrong  this was a very bad movie  but there is always a diamond in every alleyway . the scene when bleek accidentally forgets which woman he is with was mesmerizing . he continually went back and forth  weaving truth to confusion in a way that proved that lee was actually behind the camera . it was a visionary scene that was probably lost in the shuffle due to the remaining poor scenes . the other scene that was worth watching was the way that lee introduced and ended the film . by keeping the same pacing and direction  he was able to bring this tragic character around full circle and give him the chance to change his life . other than these two moments  the rest of the film was pure rubbish  not worth viewing unless you are about to go blind .  br    br   grade  out of   
things get dull early an often in this in this mawkish jazz bio fiction written and directed by spike lee .  br    br   bleek gilliam  denzell washington  is a happenin  jazz trumpeter that fronts a quintet packing them in at below the underdog . his problems include an incompetent manager  a stage hogging sax player and two girlfriends that he  s playing musical mattress with . the real love of his life though is his trumpet and his music . the band  s manager  giant  has a dangerous gambling problem and proves to be an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and would be best jettisoned but bleek remains loyal for as long as possible . it will prove to his undoing as an artist but ironically contribute to his growth as a man .  br    br   as bleek  denzell washington is all wrong as the ambitious trumpeter with a babe on each arm . he  s too sweet a guy to be so self centered about his art  dispensing patience and love to those close to him with a low key remoteness . he simply lacks the fire . wesley snipes who plays henderson the sax player would have been far more suited for the role but even he would have to mouth the flaccid throw away scribblings of lee  s torpid dialogue . as giant  lee hits the trifecta with an abysmal performance to match his writing and direction . loosely attempting to mirror the grubby but sympathetic ratso rizzo to bleek  s joe buck he adopts a limp and even the  i  m walkin  here  moment from midnight cowboy . in this case you wish the taxi would run him over and be done with it .  br    br   lee  s script is all tepid argument  heavy handed ribbing and veiled insult with some requisite clumsy editorializing that lee has to inject to remain down . the scenes between the band members backstage and in rehearsal lack spark and are only surpassed in dreariness by the bleek  giant conversations that have an ad lib look and go in circles . completing this travesty is lee  s pretentious visual style . tracking shots  zooms and pans are wasted and without significance to scenes . they just wander .  br    br   blues is lee  s love letter to jazz  made implicit by the mountains of memorabilia plastered all over the sets  and it  s all sentimental clap trap that lacks passion and verve . jazz on film is better served by tavernier  s  round midnight  and eastwood  s  bird  which get below the surface  reveal more sides of the form  the pain behind it in addition to offering infinitely superior lead performances by forrest whitaker and the real deal dexter gordon . this spike lee joint doesn  t even offer a mild buzz . it  s some pretty bad homegrown .  
there are two groups of people . . . those who love every fellini movie they see and normal people . while i will admit that i have really enjoyed some of his films  i can also honestly say that i can  t stand some of them . my opinion  by the way  is not just some knee  jerk reaction   i have seen most of fellini  s films and have also seen many films by the world  s most famous directors . with this in mind  i feel that the most overrated and annoying directors can be both godard and fellini . they both have delighted in the bizarre and often unwatchable and yet have received gobs of accolades from reviewers and the  intelligensia   while the average person would never sit through some of their films . heck  even a person who loves international cinema would generally be left out in the cold when seeing some of these films . so  since only a small clique actually watches their films and they are already predisposed to seeing the directors as geniuses  it  s not surprising that their films are so often praised   it  s like a cult  if you don  t believe me  think about many of godard  s films such as first name carmen or alphaville  . . . or what about fellini satyricon or juliet of the spirits  these films abound with boredom  weirdness and incomprehensibility . now i am not saying a film can  t be weird  after all i love happiness of the katakuris and shaolin soccer   but it must be watchable   br    br   now on to this movie . somehow  fellini has managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man completely boring and unsexy . this is no small task   it took a lot of work to make this so unwatchable . instead of cheap sexual thrills  the sex acts are choreographed in a silly and annoying way while the character of casanova is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics that donald sutherland looks like a ghoul . i know some of this must have been fellini  s intention  but many viewers will be left completely bored by this sterile performance   especially since sutherland  s lines are all poorly dubbed into italian and so he neither looks nor sounds like himself  unfortunately  when the movie is not wrapped up in these boring sexual escapades  there really isn  t anything else to watch .  br    br   an interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this dull movie is that the actress looks amazingly like a younger version of fellini  s wife  giulietta masina . considering that in addition to this  that in previous decades fellini had masina play characters such as a prostitute and a horribly abused woman  it seems like he may have truly hated his wife and was having this acted out on screen . i read a bit about them and their tempestuous relationship and it seems to bear this out as well . this is about the only aspect of this turgid film that i found at all interesting . don  t say i didn  t warn you   
i have seen romantic comedies and this is one of the easiest  worst attempts at one . a lot of the scenes work in a plug  and  play manner inserted strictly to conform to the romantic  comedy genre . usually this is okay because we  re dealing with a genre  but the challenge generally resides in making it original  new and inventive . this movie fails to do so .  br    br   there is no sense of who the characters really are  apart from sylvie moreau  s  who is the real star of this movie  not isabelle blais  . they fit into this one  dimensional clich and they become nothing more than simple puppets serving the purpose of a very light narrative .  br    br   the pacing of the movie can become annoying  rhythm lacks  and the editing is filled with unnecessary close  ups . i should also mention the overly stylized decors making some scenes devoid of any naturally  or rather  making the attempt at naturally seem too obvious . of course  along with that  you have the right  on  cue sappy music which unfortunately often sounds mismatched .  br    br   i can  t believe that a movie who makes obvious woody allen allusions ends up being this deceptive . if you expect a good light  hearted romantic comedy  this is not it . or rather  this a poor attempt at it . you will only leave the theater wondering why this film has been getting such praise when cinema is now more than    years old and there are far superior quebecois directors making better flicks .  br    br   les aimants is a good movie for what it is . but it  s a bad one if you regard cinema as an art and directors as auteur  s .  
this is certainly one of the most bizarre films ever made  even for fellini . about the only one more bizarre is his satyricon . this is a two and a half hour romp through a strange nightmarish world of decadence  opulence and sexual challenge . sutherland makes a curiously unappealing casanova and the odd goings on in a series of unrelated vignettes taken from the great lover  s autobiography fail to engage the viewer . the art direction and costume design are however outstanding . the academy missed on not even nominating the former but did itself justice by rewarding an oscar for the latter . also nominated  oddly  was the disjointed  pointless and almost inacessible screenplay . go figure   the film on video is only    minutes    minutes short of the original running time . this viewer was grateful .  
in a way this is the disaster fellini has been working towards all his life . the line between absurd masterpiece and free association bullshit is very small  and what category a film will ultimately fit in will often just depend on personal feelings . that said   casanova  left me in cold admiration for its sets and little more that cannot be summed up more adequately by bukowski  br    br    casanova died too  just an old guy with a big cock and a long tongue and no guts at all . to say that he lived well is true to say i could spit on his grave without feeling is also true . the ladies usually go for the biggest fool they can find that is why the human race stands where it does today we have bred the clever and lasting casanovas  all hollow inside  like the easter bunnies we foster upon our poor children .   br    br   as far as i could make it out  this is the position fellini takes regarding his subject granted  with more empathy  but disgusted nonetheless .  br    br   casanova  s environment is made from decay and incestuous behavior  themes fellini dealt with more pointedly in  satyricon  . the succession of plot is characteristic of soft porn  just without the coherence and donald sutherland is ugly and slimy to the point of distraction .  br    br   yet  there might just be a point in portraying casanova as an unsightly fool . and i challenge anybody to formulate this point without being obvious fellini couldn  t . more than ever he seems here like a dirty old man  a maestro  for sure  but one whose impulses satisfy himself more than anybody else . i find it hard imagine an audience who enjoys this film . it was a story not worth telling .  
i should explain why i gave this . . .  piece of art   star rating out of possible   . simply because it  s hard or next to impossible to rate it unbiased . probably it would have been the same if i had given it       explanations anyway would have followed .  br    br   i am not fond of these pointless gore movies like hostel or so  i think that  s disgusting and pretty terrible  in all the possible contextual meanings   but as i found out after watching this movie  there is a genre called  historical drama   and probably it would have been the case of      as it has plenty of it and tarantino would have been more than happier with it  and made kill bill  to spill even more blood on screen than here to show that it is possible  . but the thing about  historical drama  genre is that it  s a sub  category of the  trash movies  where john romero is the undead  gory  emperor  of  the  guts and so automatically it can  t be rated as your default movie  as these are movies that are made bad on purpose and you can  t really tell whether the comically bad moment was meant to be so  or it was simply bad . it  s for the people who like to enjoy bad acting  bad screenplay and bad everything else . and by some turn of faith  i am one of them too . there are days when i have an urge of seeing a really bad movie and look up for some trash and here you go  the day is saved  but that  s definitely an opinion of mine and doesn  t have match with anyones  else .  br    br   what i wanted to say is that if you want to watch some terrible movie  then fellini  s casanova is definitely the choice  but heed my advice and don  t rate it by default means .  
  st watched           out of    dir  jim kammerud  brian smith   drab and un  spectacular supposed sequel to the original classic animated     dalmatians .  yes  the movie continues where it ended in the first one  but the problem is that it plays out much like the original . one of the great things about the original was the pacing of the story  which this one doesn  t have . the animation is also very un  spectacular for disney and all we get is the same characters going thru the same kind of story all over again . when is disney going to stop boring us with sequels and re  do  s etc . . etc . probably when we stop renting or buying this mediocre fare that they have put out .  
i was very unimpressed with cinderella  and jungle book   but this is possibly worse than both titles . first of all  i didn  t like the animation  very saturday  morning  cartoon  only worse in some scenes . i liked some of the characters  namely thunderbolt and patch  but the other characters  like cruella were mediocre . cruella was truly villainous in the original  but she lost her quality in the sequel . what she said was nothing at all to write home about and her animation was kind of ugly . also her artist companion lars was a joke to be honest with you  and roger seemed to have quit smoking overnight . the voice talents were very good though especially barry bostwick as thunderbolt  with the exception of jodi benson  the accent ruined it for me . there were some good moments  but the whole plot seemed bloated for me  and highly suggestive of an extended tv episode . all in all  a hugely disappointing sequel to the most memorable of the   s disney movies along with jungle book . sorry  i can only give this a      it just wasn  t my cup of tea . bethany cox  
i mean the word  pedestrian  . seems the producers of the film forgot to have anything interesting happen . faith domergue can do better than this . she is supposed to be the mysterious  vengeful cobra goddess torn by love for marshall thompson  there  s an idea  eh   . instead she  s a common would  be housewife of the fifties  and the single  flat expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it all in the early morning before faith had her coffee . as for the rest of the cast  they are all so earnestly  all  american  that the result is laughable . this is ground more productively covered in val lewton in  the cat people  . i think  cult of the cobra  should really be titled  cult of the contractual obligation  . why else would so many otherwise talented people sleepwalk their way though a slow  moving  predictable  derivative failure like this   
faith domergue  better known as  dr . ruth  in this island earth  is the only reason to watch this film . the story is very thin  and once the air force buddies return to the states with a cobra curse upon them the action is just a waiting game . see faith the snake woman and try to pretend the rest isn  t happening .  
cult of the cobra is now available on dvd in a pristine print that does full justice to whatever merits it has as a movie . unfortunately  that is not saying much .  br    br   it has a competent cast of second  rankers that acquit themselves as well as could be expected under the circumstances . it is efficiently directed  entirely on sound stages and standing sets on the studio backlot . it looks ok  but is ponderously over  plotted and at a scant   minutes it is still heavily padded .  br    br   for example  the double cobra attack on the first of the gis was surely one attack too many .  br    br   the business about julia choosing to marry pete rather than tom never amounts to anything . tom immediately falls in love with lisa and she never has any reason to be jealous of julia  nor is she  .  br    br   julia  s  feminine intuition  is introduced as if it is going to lead to an important plot development  but it doesn  t . similarly  pete  s investigation into cobra cults and the suspicion that briefly falls on tom serve no purpose other than to fill up screen time .  br    br   these are just symptoms of the underlying problem . the movie is structured like a mystery but it isn  t . as soon as the curse is pronounced we know exactly where the story is heading  so the characters are left painstakingly uncovering what we already know .  br    br   the ending is particularly lame . julia is menaced purely by accident . lisa has no reason to want to kill her  she just happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time . when tom turns up in the nick of time to save her  it is not even clear whether she was threatened at all . he then simply disposes of the cobra in the way any of the previous victims might have done .  br    br   it is such an inconsequential little pipsqueak of a story that i found myself wondering how on earth it had been pitched to the studio heads . then it occurred to me . someone said  those val lewton movies were very successful over at rko  so why don  t we make one like that    br    br   cult of the cobra is clearly modelled on cat people mysterious  troubled  shape  shifting woman falls in love with the hero  is apparently frigid  kills people  arouses the suspicions of the hero  s woman friend and dies at the end . but  modelled on  doesn  t mean  as good as   by a wide margin . it copies  but doesn  t understand what it is copying .  br    br   it is obviously trying for the low  key  suggestive lewton style  but this approach doesn  t follow through into the story . lisa is no irene . she is meant to be strange and mysterious but there is no mystery about her . we get a glimpse of her after the first attack in asia  so immediately recognise her when she turns up in new york . there is never any doubt about her purpose . neither is there any ambiguity about whether of not she actually turns into a snake .  br    br   then again  during her nocturnal prowling we get  not one  but two attempts at  buses  . neither come off  because the director doesn  t understand what makes a  bus  work and  in any case  they happen to the stalker  not the person being stalked .  br    br   these faint echoes of cat people give cult of the cobra whatever small distinction it might have  but they only draw attention to the yawning gulf between the original and the imitation .  br    br   plagiarism may be the sincerest form of flattery  but i doubt if lewton or tourneur were particularly flattered when this tepid little time  passer came out .  
six gis  about to be send home and discharged  get drunk and sneak into a cult meeting in asia . surrounded by hooded figures  two male dancers pretend to have a fight . behind them  on an altar  a woven basket opens and a figure painted emerges and begins imitating a snake  finally biting one of the dancers on the neck . the imitation snake is dressed in some scaley looking body tights .  this is definitely a female imitation snake .  the cult member who has sneaked them into the secret meeting has warned the six men repeatedly that the ceremonies must not be interrupted and  most definitely  no photos must be taken or else they will be hunted down and killed . naturally  the gis take a flash photo  send the cult members into an angry hysteria  steal the basket containing the  snake  and run off with it into the asian night .  br    br   one of the guys  the most offensive and snarky  dies from a cobra bite on the neck  though no one can explain how the snake got into his hospital room .  br    br   back in new york  it all seems rather old news as the discharged men settle down into their civilian lives  still maintaining their bond with one another . their jobs range from manager of a bowling alley  david janssen  to graduate research student  richard long  . james dobson  jack kelly  and marshall thompson are also part of the neighborhood . richard long has a nice blond girl friend . kelly is a somewhat reckless womanizer . but they all get along well enough and all of them seem happy .  br    br   then a dark  shifty  looking  mysterious woman  faith domergue  shows up and marshall thompson takes a liking to her and insinuates her into the group .  br    br   guess what happens . first janssen is terrified by a shadow in the back seat and dies in a car crash . then kelly gets a visit from domergue . something scares him so badly he tumbles through the window and dies in the fall to the sidewalk . long and dobson begin to suspect what the viewer already knows   that domergue has had something to do with the deaths . they also reckon that maybe she  s turning into a cobra  which is the case . dobson confronts her with his suspicions and she proves his point .  br    br   by this time long and thompson are thoroughly frazzled  particularly thompson  who is in love with domergue and has discovered that she is attracted to him  too  although he must explain to her what  love  is . no matter . a final reckless attack by the cobra woman against long  s girl friend   not one of the six original offenders   and thompson must throw the snake out the window . on the pavement below  the body changes to that of domergue . the end .  br    br   i think i  ll skip over most of the questions that the plot raises . i  ll just mention one of the more prosaic ones in passing . who paid for domergue  s fare from somewhere in asia to new york  who  s paying her utility bills in the hotel  who paid for her spectacular wardrobe  how come she speaks american english so well  what the hell  s going on  the writers and director have clearly seen some of val lewton  s modest horror films and  though not much effort has gone into this production  they  ve unashamedly stolen some gimmicks from lewton . in lewton  s  the cat people   for instance  the woman is transformed into a black leopard but  with one tiny exception  the threat is always kept in the shadows and is all the more spooky for it . most of the transformations here use shadows too  but unlike lewton  s  the shadows are clumsy and unambiguous .  br    br   lewton also made occasional use of what he called  buses  . lewton  s first  bus  was a literal one . a potential victim is hurrying alone through the dark tunnels of central park with only the sound of footsteps . something or someone is following her . she freezes with fright under a street lamp . something rustles the branches of the shrubs above her . she looks upward . there is a loud  wheezing shriek that makes your hair stand on end . it  s a bus using its air brakes to stop for her . the producers used at least two  buses  in this film and they amount to nothing . a guy is walking distractedly across an intersection  for instance  and there is the sudden rumble of a truck that almost hits him . there is no set up to the shot . it  s jammed in with a shoe horn .  br    br   i don  t much care for movies that perpetuate the stereotype of serpents as slimy  ugly  venomous  and phallic . as a matter of fact  no snakes are slimy  most are harmless  and many are extraordinarily beautiful . furthermore  they  re more feminine than masculine in their sinuous movements and serpentine approach to goals . you want a reptilian symbol for masculinity  try a six  lined racerunner . it  s a really fast lizard . when it sees something to eat  it rushes up and gobbles it down .  br    br   anyway  if you want to see some fine  low  budget scary films  don  t bother with this one . find  the cat people  or one of lewton  s other minor masterpieces  of which this is an obvious copy .  
actually  this is a lie  shrek   d was actually the first  d animated movie . i bought it on dvd about  years ago . didn  t bug  s life also do that  i think it was at disneyworld in that tree  so i  m saying before they go and use that as there logo . also  shrek  d was a motion simulator at universal studios . they should still consider it as a movie  because it appeared in a  theater  and you could buy it for dvd . the movie was cute  at least the little flyes were . i liked iq . i agree with animaster  they did a god job out of making a movie out of something that is just a out  and  back adventure . i recommend it to families and kids .  
as a dane i  m proud of the handful of good danish movies that have been produced in recent years . it  s a terrible shame  however  that this surge in quality has led the majority of danish movie critics to lose their sense of criticism . in fact  it has become so bad that i no longer trust any reviews of danish movies  and as a result i have stopped watching them in theaters .  br    br   i know it  s wrong to hold this unfortunate development against any one movie  so let me stress that  villa paranoia  would be a terrible film under any circumstances . the fact that it was hyped by the critics just added fuel to my bonfire of disillusionment with danish film . furthermore  waiting until it came out on dvd was very little help against the unshakable feeling of having wasted time and money .  br    br   erik clausen is an accomplished director with a knack for social realism in copenhagen settings . i particularly enjoyed  de frigjorte        . as an actor he is usually funny  though he generally plays the same role in all of his movies  namely that of a working  class slob who  s down on his luck  partly because he  s a slob but mostly because of society  and who redeems himself by doing something good for his community .  br    br   this is problem number one in  villa paranoia   clausen casts himself as a chicken farmer  which is such a break from the norm that he never succeeds in making it credible .  br    br   it is much worse  however  that the film has to make twists and turns and break all rules of how to tell a story to make the audience understand what is going on . for instance  the movie opens with a very sad attempt at visualizing the near  death experience of the main character with the use of low  budget effects and bad camera work . after that  the character tells her best friend that she suddenly felt the urge to throw herself off a bridge . this is symptomatic of the whole movie there is little or no motivation for the actions of the characters  and clausen resorts to the lowest form of communicating whatever motivation there is telling instead of showing . thus  at one point  you have a character talking out loud to a purportedly catatonic person about the way he feels  because the script wouldn  t allow him to act out his feelings and later on  voice  over is abruptly introduced  quite possibly as an afterthought  to convey feelings that would otherwise remain unknown to the audience due to the director  s ineptitude . fortunately  at this point you  re roughly an hour past caring about any of the characters  let alone the so  called story .  br    br   the acting  which has frequently been a problem in clausen  s movies  can be summed up in one sad statement sren westerberg bentsen  whose only other claim to stardom was as a contestant on big brother  is no worse than several of the heralded actors in the cast .  br    br   i give this a   out  of    rating .  
as long as there  s been  d technology        s i think  there  s been animation made for it . i remember specifically  a donald duck cartoon with chip and dale in it . i don  t remember the name at the moment  but the plot was that donald worked at a circus  was feeding an elephant peanuts and chip and dale were stealing the peanuts . this was made to watch in  d probably      s . if you happened to watch meet the robinsons in  d in theaters  they showed this cartoon before the movie and explained the details of it  s origin . there are probably somewhere around    cartoons made specifically to be viewed through  d glasses . this claim was a bad move because it  s not difficult to prove them wrong . on top of that  this just looks like a bad movie .  
with the massive advertising this is getting on nickelodeon and nick jr . and that ilk  my son was bugging us to see it . between dvd and the theaters  i  ve seen pretty much everything by now from the outstanding  incredibles  shrek  to the really bad  wall  e  brother bear  . but this was easily the worst movie i  ve ever seen  kids or no kids . it was a  when it this stupid thing going to end   kind of experience  ok  it  s aimed at toddlers  or it better be  it  s insulting to the intelligence of anyone over    but i  ve never seen something so predictable  repetitive  and slow  moving . then once you  re finally fed up but relieved that the movie is over  there is this bizarre thing at the end that you think is the setup for a joke  but there isn  t one  it  s serious  though it  s hard to tell what they  re trying to accomplish . the   d effects . . . yeah  if you  ve never seen a viewmaster they  re a big deal  otherwise no  if you look at the screen without glasses  it appears to be the same process  . even my son was bored by the end . both my wife and i looked at each other and said  wow  at the end . bad in every respect .  
this is what you would get if you allowed a   year old  manic american  to write a story of a moon trip . absolute garbage with no redeeming qualities maybe it held some fascination in the  d dept . but as a narrative and entertaining animation it held nothing to make wasting an hour and a half worth while . save your time and money and watch bolt instead  br    br   damn . not enough lines  yet i feel that sums it up . . . well  i agree with an above review  this is like a cold  war propaganda story . maybe it would have been more interesting if they had made it about the flies uncovering the hoax of the moon landing  or if the flies had died in the first minute . btw  why were all the main character flies deformed   not one had the full compliment of limbs   
today  i visited an athenean cinema with my two kids     years old   payed  x   euros  about   us  total  not to mention gas  popcorn  soda  was asked to return my  d special glasses after leaving the theater and was  forced  to watch what could have been a great  d movie masterpiece but only proved to be a sick  cold war like  propaganda movie  like none i have seen during the last   years . . . and this is supposed to be a movie for children . . . in heaven  s name   br    br   ps   the average working greek makes no more than    euros a month  approxiamtely     us    br    br   ps  my kids liked it . . . but then again they are no more than babies  in greek mora  morons  like the one who wrote the script  the others who made this   d disgrace  happen .  br    br   ps   d animation is fantastic but who gives a . . . .   
i  also having endured hundreds of children  s movies in the past  consider this to be one of the worst i have ever seen .  br    br     i resent in this day and age having to explain to my children that russia is not  the bad guys  . also  that mocking russian names like  poopchev  is inappropriate .  br    br     the grandfather fly  s birthday party scene contained a quasi  sexist joke in which he implied that males drink beer and women talk on the phone . two other flies also needlessly use the word  crap  twice .  br    br     the whole movie largely smacks of      s stereotypes and propaganda that i thought we  as a nation  were proud to have risen above .  br    br   in all it  s just crude  badly animated  even more badly written and not worth wasting the time to view .  
  nat   voiced by trevor gagnon   along with his brainiac friend  iq   voiced by philip bolden  and the always hungry  scooter   david gore  are kids with big dreams . they want to be the first flies in space . and what encourages their dreams is the first spacecraft to land on the moon  the apollo    is waiting for its historic trip on the launch pad near where the three hang out .  br    br   the first thing you notice is the animation of the film . i found it done very well done . the scenery had depth to it  as things in the distance actually looked like they were behind the focus of the scenes . i didn  t see the movie in   d  as it was broadcast on hbo . however  i could see that there really wasn  t any scenes which took advantage of the   d effects except a fight between characters near the end . i also wasn  t really impressed with the design of the characters . to me  they didn  t look like anything resembling a fly  especially in the coloring . the flies were an unusual blue  gray that was kind of distracting to me .  br    br   the performances from the cast was not bad  but it wasn  t good either . there were many times i focused more on my computer than the story . the writing was certainly written for a younger audience  with comedic moments that will make younger kids laugh . i saw nothing for adults  like jokes that they  ll get the punchline for the adults to understand the meaning .  br    br   history was not followed in this film . in fact  i think it was completely ignored  as the main focus was the flies . i also hated when a well known astronaut popped up on the screen and explained that the stories about the flies in the film was a work of fiction  and no flies were on apollo   . i did like how he thanked the men and women who sacrificed their lives for space exploration though .  br    br   if you are an adult  this is not for you . it was not made for the entire family . this is certainly just for kids . but  save this one for a rainy day .  
this is not a good movie . too preachy in parts and the story line was sub par . the  d was ok  but not superb . i almost fell asleep in this movie .  br    br   the story is about  young flies that want to have adventure and follow up on it . the characters are lacking  i truly do not care about these characters and feel that there was nothing to keep an adult interested . pixar this is not .  br    br   i would have liked to see more special  d effects . also i wold like to see more fly jokes than the mom constantly saying  lord of the flies  pretty sexist in showing the women as house wives and fainting .  
  st the good news . the   d is spectacularly well done  and they don  t go for the gotcha gimmicks . the film is based on the true story of the high point in human history  and even features one of the actual participants in that story buzz aldrin .  br    br   and now the meat of the matter it  s about flies  for krissakes  flies with big  googy human eyes  true  but flies nonetheless . remember when i likened the  underworld  movies to rats vs . cockroaches  that wasn  t intended as praise  and i never dreamed anyone would take it literally . this one  s got even less empathy going for it . baby maggots  ugh . in one of those odd confluences of hollywood groupthink  this flik was evidently on the drawing boards at the same time as  space chimps   also about critters in space .  br    br   go rent  apollo    and see a   rated movie about the real space program  rip  .  
when i saw this trailer on tv i was surprised . in may of     i was at six flags in new jersey and this was showing at a   d attraction  you know  the attraction that the seats move  . i take it that the version i saw was a shortened version    min .  and also re  created to add the motion effects . it was a cute movie . . . but that was it . it was educational and told about the first mission but the ending of a cgi spacewalk seemed a bit . . . well . . . trite . i was not a big fan of the movie but i would recommend this movie for any parent wanting to inform their children in a fun way about the first moonwalk . i will say  the character actors were well selected and the characters themselves were cute . so all  in  all  i would say  if you want to bring the younger kids . . . go for it . but if you are wanting to take your older kids  take them to another movie . . . they will thank you .  
while the   d animation  the highlight of the show  did it  s job well  most other elements fell flat . it was as though the filmmakers thought  well  it  s gonna be   d so we don  t have to work that hard on the plot or character development .  and the fact that it  s a children  s movie is absolutely no excuse . the public is drawn to three dimensional characters  shrek  nemo  s dad  just as much as they are drawn to three dimensional graphics . the only dimension any of the main characters showed was two dimensional scooter who twists the plot from time to time with his compulsion to eat everything in sight .  br    br   and the absolute kicker  buzz aldrin  s appearance at the very end  after watching a very robotic cartoon version of the same historical figure for an hour and half  comes on the screen and ruins everyone  s good time by calling the film  s main characters  contaminants  and announcing that the situation put forth on screen was actually an impossibility .  br    br            did you just wanna tell the kids the easter bunny and santa claus don  t exist while you  re at it   
i haven  t read a biography of lincoln  so maybe this was an accurate portrayal . . . . . .  br    br   and maybe it  s because i  m used to the equally alienating and unrealistic worshiping portrayals that unnaturally deify lincoln as brilliant  honorable  and the savior of our country . . . . . .  br    br   but why would they make a movie representing lincoln as a buffoon  while henry fonda made an excellent lincoln  his portrayal of him as an  aw shucks  i  m just a simple guy  seemed a little insulting .  br    br   granted  that was bushie jr .  s whole campaign  to make us think he was  just a regular guy  so we wouldn  t care that he  s a rich  privileged moron   but that  s a whole other story .   br    br   not only did the film show lincoln as sort of a simple  almost simple  minded  kind of guy  the film states that lincoln just sort of got into law by accident  and that he wasn  t even that interested in the law  only with the falsely simplistic idea of the law being about rights  wrongs . in the film he  s not a very good defense attorney  he lounges around with his feet on the table and makes fun of the witnesses   and the outcome is mostly determined by chance  luck .  br    br   furthermore  partly because this was financed by republicans  in reaction to some play sponsored by democrats that had come out  and partly because it was just the sentiment of the times  the film is unfortunately religious  racist and conservative .  br    br   don  t waste your time on this film   
okay  so  someone  somewhere  a few years ago  thought it would be a good idea to make a  d imax movie about some flies stowing away aboard the apollo   and going to the moon . so they did . someone  somewhere  was an idiot .  br    br   i want to give the artists props for doing their homework on the hardware . as far as i can tell  the rockets and the launch hardware were bang on . the graphics in general were pretty good  the rocket launch gave me chills  like a good rocket launch always does  my popular mechanics flying  car gearhead blood still runs strong  and the  d was pretty effective . the cg wasn  t pixar  quality  but it was generally good . the flies were kinda mediocre anthropomorphics  with some half  assed late    s characters thrown in for colour  hippie flies  african  american flies with giant afros and black shades  etc .  and the maggots looked more like grubs with human baby heads  although they made suitably gross squelching noises  .  br    br   the scriptwriters certainly did not do their homework  relying on offensive and outdated clichs    s gender politics including mostly  useless female characters  racial stereotypes  evil russians  a fat fly who only wants to eat  grade  two level gross  out humour  . in a movie aimed for imax  they blew a wonderful opportunity to sneak in some educational content about physics and space travel  they didn  t get their physics right  zero  g in the lunar module during landing burn  please .  they couldn  t even be bothered to read the original radio transcripts between houston and the astronauts  all of which is in the public domain instead they wrote their own dialogue  which sounds like crap .  br    br   but we liked the maggots .  br    br   so they get a point and a half for rockets and maggots . uh  yay .  .    .  
it is pretty surreal what these flies can do . . . eh well . . . this is a cartoon  so anything can happen in it .  br    br   at first i must tell you that i love animated movies . unfortunately this year  s repertoire is very weak . this cartoon is nothing but a list of flaws  br    br     i quoted the tag line . it suggests that this movie has great  d effects . well  i did not see any  at least not something special i never saw before .  br    br     the  flies  in this movie look nothing like real flies . at least they could  ve make them black . but cyan flies  seriously  with giant heads and slim torsos   br    br     the story . i guess it was written for  year old kids . i could tell it in two sentences it is so over simplified .  br    br     excessive patriotism . for example  they are american files after all   oh  give me a break .  
  fly me to the moon  has to be the worst animated film i  ve seen in a long time . that  s saying something since i have taken my son to see every animated release for the last  years now . the story is to be generous . . . trite . the voice acting is atrocious  too cute sounding . the humor is of the romper room variety . the animation is passable for a nickolodeon type of cartoon but this is being released on the big screen not cable television .  br    br   it gets a  only because of it  s ok   d visuals . some of the scenes had a mildly stimulating image but we  ve seen much better in the past . i also question the insistence of the filmmakers to have characters fly away from the screen rather than into it in most of the scenes . while that is interesting at first it became tiresome after the  rd or  th time . it seemed to smack of indifference to me on the part of the creators .  br    br   i will say this though  it had a pretty cool soundtrack . and for the record my son wasn  t too crazy about it either . bad movie .  
this movie was advertised on radio  television  magazines  etc . almost every hour or every issue . so when we went to the kinnepolis multiplex our expectations were very high . but oh boy  how sad this movie is  it is a movie in hollywood style about a movie in a movie . shades shows so clear we aren  t ready to produce  big hollywood movies  . i am not a movie critic  but i think a good movie starts with a good script . and the script is a nightmare . like my subject line says  it is nothing  and then looped . you could just stare to the television as well  without really seeing anything . that was the feeling we  ve got when we saw shades . shades is a bad production     
the first ten minutes of this movie about making an international movie in belgium  are fine you see real chaos on the set  a producer on the edge of a nervous breakdown  the cool has been  director  mickey rourke   the bad tempered star  etc . you have seen everything before  but it  s well done . but then  the rest of the time the film just repeats itself the same ten minutes over and over again . no climax  no dramatic development  no good acting  not even bad acting  it just goes on and on and on . mickey rourke has two good minutes when his character talks about his fked up career in a scene where reality and fiction meet . altogether  that makes   good minutes .  br    br    
this is a very sad movie . really . nothing happens in this movie . the script is bad    i guess they  ve just copy  paste the first   pages to   pages . the producers must have thought let  s create a hollywood movie here in belgium . they didn  t succeed . now in the third week it is only running in antwerp and brussels at   h   or something . in the past we have had really good movies in belgium  like daens . shades is a waste of your time . maybe you could sneak in the theater after you  ve seen a real movie . if you  ve seen   minutes of shades  you  ve seen it all . it was advertised to death on local radio and tv . i hope it will disappear in the shades soon .  
the first  and only  time i saw  shades  was during a sneakpreview . it hadn  t even been in premiere . i remember there was someone of the directors staff there  don  t even remember who . it was a belgian movie  we never heard of it  so we were quite neutral  not knowing what to expect . mickey rourke is a brilliant actor and he  s stands miles ahead all the rest . he plays an actor who  s star has long stopped rising . he  s helping to realise a movie in belgium entitled  shades  .  br    br   as soon as the movie started  we noticed how much swearing there is . nothing against the occasional swear word . however this was way beyond annoying . whenever rourke uses the f word to express something  it comes naturally . however  when someone from the cast  a non  english speaker uses the f or s word  it becomes arrogant and aggressive .  br    br   we quickly lost count of how many times they used the f and s words . everybody was just glad to be out of the theatre . and we had to give a vote  but it was hard for us because it was only from  to    and we were looking for the    .  
greg davis and bryan daly take some crazed statements by a terrorists  add some commentary by a bunch of uber  right reactionaries  ascribe the most extreme positions of the most fundamentalist moslems on the planet to everyone who calls themselves a moslem  and presents this as the theology of islam . maybe their next film will involve interviewing fred phelps and the congregation of the westboro baptist church  adding commentary by some militant atheist  scholars  and call their film  what the world needs to know about christianity .  ultimately  this film suffers from both poor production values and lack of attention to the most basic standards of journalism . don  t waste your time and money just turn on your am radio and listen to rush limbaugh for a couple of days for free and you  ll get the same message with the same level of intellectual analysis .  
this film was more effective in persuading me of a zionist conspiracy than a muslim one . and i  m jewish .  br    br   anbody go to journalism school  read an editorial  freshman year rhetoric  these alarmist assertions  presented in a palatable way  might prove persuasive . but by offering no acknowledgment of possible opposing arguments  nor viable  or any at all  solutions  few sources and each of dubious origin  makes the argument an ineffectual diatribe .  br    br   and thank goodness for that   i wouldn  t want anyone to leave the theatre believing any of this racist claptrap .  br    br   a good lesson for me   and hopefully a cautionary tale for you   to actually read about a film before seeing it .  
that  s pretty ridiculous  i hope many people are exposed to muslims who live all over the u . s  u . k  and all over the world . the religion has over a billion followers . i myself born and bread in america and through my religious classes and teachings i have been taught to cherish my country and work to contribute to the society . i am very dedicated to the followings and teachings of my religion have been stressed through out life to educate and prepare oneself for success through education in order to contribute back to the world . i have know many muslims from all over and i have traveled to countries like pakistan . . i have yet to meet one person who believes that we should hurt anyone or not accept any other religion except from the people in the media . . . i wonder why . . . also its sad that these extremists are the ones the media use to represent a whole religion . its a religion of one billion people  and these are less than one percent  i am sure the other people of other religions would not like to be represented by the kkk  ira and many more which are simple small percentage extremists who use outdated and not literal passages from the respected books in order to pursue their own revenge  personal  or business matters through their so called religion  
every movie from the thirties is dated  but if you were to watch only john ford movies it would seem more dated than if you watched others . i . e . grand hotel is comparatively modern melodrama . with ford  there  s always the hard  sell of someone  s nobility  abe  the joads  . always the over  emphasis of some heavy  s badness . always the poorly crafted  awkward and obvious scripts . this is no exception . it  s just a rather belabored device to deliver sentiment . and sentiment is all this has going for it .  br    br   what ford does here doesn  t make me appreciative of lincoln  it just makes me wonder how the states were ever settled by the population of complete morons depicted here . ford went on to make decent movies . this is too dated to be anything but bad . it feels entirely false .  br    br   henry fonda with a fake nose is bizarre . and no one from illinois would pronounce the trailing  s   or say  shonuff    
this video contains an outsmart way to confuse and manipulate americans about islam . it  s a pity that the people who did it really believe that american people is so dumb to believe in it  perhaps  as an american citizen  every person must protest against this kind of crap . if you want to know the truth about islam  don  t let nobody tell you . . . the quran is public  you can read it by yourself and decide if what they say it  s true or false . . .  br    br   the video uses a lot of audiovisual strategies directed to manipulate and associate things that are not even related . the music used at some points prepare the public to hate what they see  even if they don  t really understand what  s going on in there . they use images that are misplaced from their original content .  br    br   to end the comment i would like to make a reflexion . . . don  t you think you can do the same exact movie with every religion in the world   
the  documentary   and we use that term loosely apparently  summarizes that muslims are trying to violently take over the world . then states that any muslim that doesn  t admit this is either ignorant of their own faith or lying to your face  also every person that is interviewed in the film has found a market for their ludicrous take on reality by selling claptrap to conservatives willing to let others do the thinking for them . what the west needs to know is this is nothing more than propaganda aimed at mental midgets . if you are looking for an actual documentary on islam and the current state of the middle  east i would look elsewhere . try something that provides multiple points of view from qualified sources .  
i have been using imdb for years and i never wanted to get involved in the commentary of moviesuntil now . this documentary has so many problems that i hardly know what to say . i am not a muslim  nor am i an islamic studies expert  but i know enough to shed some light on the obvious one  sided viewpoint that this documentary espouses .  br    br   the problems with this movie begin with the fact that it is a documentary . most of the documentaries that i have seen anchor themselves around a few valid points and then surround those points with debatable interpretations and misinformation . this is certainly the case with islam what the west needs to know . yes  there are fundamentalists around the world  and some of them are muslim  but to build a documentary about all of islam around a small percentage of radicalized people is incredibly misleading . this is really a documentary about the fundamentalist aspects of islam and nothing more .  br    br   for those who would like to more objectively explore some of the issues raised in this documentary  here are several points that may help .  br    br   there was nothing positive about islam presented in the documentary .  br    br   the documentary focuses on the middle east  but more muslims live outside of that region . more muslims live in china  believe it or not  than in saudi arabia . about    of all muslims live in pakistan  bangladesh  india and indonesia .  br    br   the translation of the qur  an used in the documentary is a questionable one . i watched the documentary while viewing another translation and the differences were striking . i had been warned about the translation that was used in the documentary and now i know why . surrah     is a good example . the documentary suggests that the surrah says that disbelievers will go to hell . but the translation i have reads instead  those who reject truth among the people of the book and among the polytheists will be in hellfire .  the difference is that those who reject truth are those people who know about god and the truth of god and decide to reject it anyways .  br    br   the movie mentioned that there is no morality inherent in islam  but this is not true . although it is true that much comes from the qur  an and hadith  islam also recognizes a concept called  urf or  normative behavior .  obviously what is normative can be interpreted many ways  but  urf is meant to be  good  behavior  what an average person would consider right or wrong .  br    br   the documentary presents shar  ia  islamic law  as being one unified body of knowledge that all muslims follow . this is simply not true . there are many islamic schools of law and they range from progressive and modernist to fundamentalist in the way they interpret law .  br    br   the hadith tradition is similar . there are thousands of hadith and each school of law accepts some and rejects others . using the hadith without serious scholarship to determine which ones are accurate  real and applicable  is indiscriminately picking and choosing quotations from history that fit what you want to say which is what the documentary did .  br    br   what i hope people realize is that fundamentalism is the problem  not islam or any other religion . christianity has fundamentalists that shoot abortion clinic doctors and so on . i know this is not the same as suicide bombing  just understand that the righteousness of fundamentalism is arguably the problem . if you feel you have the answer  then everyone else must be wrong . but if you feel you have an answer you can work together with other people  s views about politics  religion  god  or whatever .  
it is not obvious from viewing this film  so i recommend viewers research the people who present their case in it  but this presentation on the realities of islam  and its encouragement of violence and intolerance against all non  muslims is lacking objectiveness  and also completely fails to factor in the human condition . it is one thing to document that the koran says many things about how a devout muslim is required to interact with non  muslims  but any realist is able to realize that not every human who feels himself or herself to be a follower of islam  will agree with and comply with all tenets of that faith and system . there is reason to call much about the presenters into question  such that viewers need to see the presentation with a healthy skepticism don  t swallow it all  hook  line  and sinker  without some thinking of your own .  br    br   one specific  for instance  is researching the person walid shoebat who claims to be a former muslim who perpetrated an act of terrorism in bethlehem . there are many wise people in the world who believe neither of these assertions . i am not nor have i ever been a muslim . i have never read the koran . i am not a christian  nor a member of  any  faith . but i am an intelligent and discerning human . while the film is quite disturbing  in its presentation of how some muslims view their obligation to islam i remind you that there is more to islam than the views of the fundamentalists . just as their are fundamentalists and evangelical christians  so  too  there are variations in the intensity of belief and obligation among jews and muslims .  br    br   when you watch this film  you need to have the salt shaker on hand . one grain will not be enough  you  ll need more . please use your own mind and think for yourself  research what is presented  and evaluate the state of the world and how islam fits within it based on more than what is said in   minutes of video . there is a common thread of political affiliation among those who put this film together  indicating a definite bias . be your own brain .  
i couldn  t relate to this film . it failed to engage me either intellectually  emotionally or aesthetically . the dialogue was very dense and uninvolving . i couldn  t connect with and hence care about any of the characters and i  m finding it hard to find much that  s positive to say about it .  br    br   i  ve read that to understand it properly one needs to be familiar with some of the more obscure aspects of catholic theology . i  ll admit that  as an atheist  i probably am unfamiliar with many of the finer details of catholicism  but i have also seen many films dealing with religious issues that have touched me because their themes are still universal to the human condition and don  t rely on specialised knowledge or beliefs .  
you talking  to me        is a pretty bad movie starring some dude who i have never seen before or since starring as a guy from the neighborhood who tries to become an actor . he has a heavy jones for taxi driver as tries to use that shtick to make it big . when he learns the hard facts of life  he does what everyone else does  changes his image  he goes from good fella to a surf  s up dude over night . his friend can  t believe the change  but he scores with faith ford and get  s a cool paying gig  . can this young punk keep his street cred whilst making it big   br    br   this is a real lame movie that tries too hard to incorporate too many things at once . an interesting idea that falls apart due to poor execution . who knows  maybe somebody will pick up the ball and run because the film makers fumbled the ball this time .  br    br   don  t waste your time with this movie . unless you want to see a hot faith ford and a young bubba from forest gump .  br    br   xx  
despite the gravity of the subject and probably the good intentions of the filmmakers to make a film addressing white supremacy  the inconsistencies of its main character  bronson green  aspiring new york actor easily turned l . a . phony  makes it hard to take the story seriously . green  who is constantly rejected by los angeles casting agents for being obsolete  i . e . too new york when the   s is looking for big  blonde  and dumb   he finds success comes easily when he  s willing to succumb to falsifying his image . unfortunately  the new hair dye and pacified  surfer  attitude lands him an acting opportunity with the jericho church  which subscribes white supremacist teaching of the aryan nation . green is willing to easily forget his past  and particularly turning his back on his young black friend of ten years  in order to be the church  s new spokesman . this makes no sense  seeing as how principled our character initially is . it is this sudden  and loose change in character  coupled with an abrupt reversion back to the hardened  deniro  obsessed  as his taxi driver character  form who is able to battle the villains . a noble attempt on the filmmakers  but one that ultimately reveals itself as anything but serious .  br    br   the other characters  too  are quite annoying and what we are forced to recognize in them comes too easily   the psychotic paranoia of the church leader  the self  interested actress girlfriend  the first girlfriend bronson has when he  s in l . a .   and the new blonde girlfriend who  s character lacks so much development  she is  for the most part  just a walking  talking void . we are just supposed to see them in fleeting moments in which something random forces us to draw assumptions about the characters . but there is really little development of any of them .  br    br   the other problem with this film is the ungodly amount of time the characters are involved in very little important action . much of the beginning concerns introducing the characters  obviously  and later we see bronson  s difficulties with breaking into the l . a . acting scene and the frustrations which stem from constant rejection . but after he does willingly change his looks and personality in order to become accepted  there is at least a good twenty minutes to thirty minutes of wasted film in which very little of anything happens .  br    br   for films that seek to draw attention to the irrational fears behind racism  this was not one done with enough credibility .  
ok . for starters  taxi driver is amazing . this  this is not taxi driver or amazing . what it is is bad . but i thought it was bad funny  which means that it did have some redeeming qualities . like the dialogue . . . wow . there was more or less no plot  the characters were all stupid  and the movie was preachy . there were some places were i thought the movie would dive into taxi driver type violence  which would have hit the message at the end of the movie on the head much harder . i can  t even believe that there are like   other people who have seen this movie . yeah  it  s worth watching if you are real bored and you want to reaffirm the fact that anyone can make a movie  or at least can try to .  
the dudes at mst  k should see this dog of a film . it  s basically about a dopey hack actor in hollywood who can  t land any acting gigs . and he has this strange obsession with the movie taxi driver . so what does this dumb actor do  he dyes his hair blonde and starts acting like a l . a . surfer dude in the naive hope this will get him acting roles . you  ll laugh yer head off at so many of this movie  s inadvertently funny scenes . like when the actor dude  s girlfriend is heart broken and sobbing and saying lines like   how could you do this to me   and why is she crying  cos he dyed his hair blonde and became a surfer dude to get acting gigs . this movie makes no sense at all  the actor who played the governor on benson is in this too and he plays a stereotypical right wing politician with lotsa dumb funny dialog . this movie will crack you up  trust me . you talking  to me    
when i first saw a small scene of it in some announcements  i thought the show would be entertaining to watch . the little robot guy does look kinda cute . the style of animation does look sort of familiar to some classic shows . before the show aired  i studied it through some sources . there  i did became slightly dismayed . the three children  tommy  gus and lola  are voiced appropriately but robotboy is an exception . it would have been a lot nicer if he were to be portrayed by a young lad . one good example is robot jones  a robot character from  whatever happened to robot jones   the show isn  t bad really . but the way robotboy is inappropriately portrayed is my only criticism . thus  i don  t watch it much .  
i tried twice to get through this film  succeeding the first time  and it was like pulling teeth  and failing the second time despite a great dvd transfer . the problem  it  s simply too boring .  br    br   if you can get to the dramatic courtroom scene  which takes up most of the second half of the film  you have it made  but it  s tough getting to that point . there are some interesting talks by  abraham lincoln   henry fonda  during the trial . the ending is touching as lincoln walks off and they superimpose his memoral statue over the screen .  br    br   it  s a nice story  well  acted and such . . . . but it lacks spark in the first half and discourages the viewer from hanging in there . i suspect the real abe lincoln was a lot more interesting than this film .  
when i first watched robotboy  i found it fresh and interesting  but then i noticed  that with each episode this show is trying to teach you how to behave yourself  what is good  bad . episodes became predictable . and main characters are not interesting . again we see a hyper  smart boy  beaten by his older brother  parents who don  t understand their kid  and his friends girl and fat boy . also this show has no logic . a super  modern robot who works on two aa  size batteries  and can use a lot of weapons . but the biggest problem is the difference between activated and super  activated modes . we see two different robots  and it declines main idea of the show  robot must learn how to behave himself in human society   
now  i like sci  fi cartoons . however  when  robotboy  appeared in canada in late      i watched the premiere and was inevitably appalled . the characters are generic and stereotypical  do they really need to make an african  american man wear tiger  stripe print clothing and speak in a jamacian accent  why are all the asian characters vibrant yellow and squinting  does the mother have to have big thighs and chest and constantly complain   to the point where things become unrealistic  predictable  gross and sometimes disturbing . there are heavy similarities to  even stabs  at astro boy . allow me to explain  dub names for the young   robotboy  astro  kamikaze  tenma  constantine  shadow  gus  abercrombie  tommy  alejo  lola  zorankennedy  moshimo  o  shay  and it so on . brief resemblances to  my life as a teenage robot    star wars    teenage mutant ninja turtles    kamen riders    sailor moon  and co . are afoot . not to mention the abundant racial  gender stereotyping . don  t even get me started on the innuendos . i  ll just say they  re hidden and quite dirty . but seriously . don  t even try watching this . especially if you like astro boy .  
anyone notice that tommy only has  facial expressions .  br    br    . the angry eyes look he gives every enemy .  . the holding of the hands to face  mouth agape and frightened eyes .  . the smiling tommy turnbull .  br    br   i have to say that i pretty much hate this show  i don  t watch it but it  s like code lyoko  we  ve all watched at least one  i must say that this show is borderline racist  uninteresting and pointless .  br    br   every episode ends with robotboy winning  except for one exception when robotboy basically let this overly geeky freakazoid fly away on a jetpack .  br    br   the jokes are pretty crude too  i think it  s mostly people saying the word  suck  or farting  i think the bullies of the show are quite shocking too .  br    br   isn  t there one that hides a bowling ball under his hate  and the other uses a chain  for god sake  what kind of school is he going to . not to mention his older brother  who is borderline psychopathic and has no other character qualities .  br    br   the whole show i feel is ripping off megas xlr and fosters . like you could say the trio of coop  jamie and kiva  as well as robotboy being similar to megas where he beats everyone no matter what the odds and he  s free spirited despite being a robot .  br    br   there is simply no appeal to this show  i  m surprised that it  s still running .  
this is a truly awful  b  movie . it is witless and often embarrassing . the plot  the basic  making into show business  routine  is almost nonexistent . in fact  the film is merely an excuse to push the war effort and highlight some popular music groups of      including the mills brothers  count basie  duke ellington  bob crosby  and freddy slack . each group gets about the standard three minutes  the exception being the mills brothers  who for some reason warranted two numbers . ann miller doesn  t get to dance until the last couple of minutes of the film  and she has little to do but strut her stuff amid a barrage of patriotic propaganda .  br    br   the most interesting moment in the film  in my view  occurred in the duke ellington segment . the band appears to be playing in a train  standing in awkward positions .  in the deep south at the time  the band was segregated in railroad cars when traveling .  johnny hodges is seen next to duke  and harry carney may also be identified . in the last moments of the film  trumpeter  violinist ray nance rushes down the aisle to the camera and does an  uncle tom   bugging his eyes and wiggling his head the way willy best did in many films . for modern viewers  especially jazz fans  this homage to segregation is sad indeed . some movies go best unseen .  
from around the time europe began fighting world war ii  until the war  s end  hollywood  with significant prodding from the government  made tons of movies which were designed to try and get young men to enlist in the army  by making the life of a serviceman appear  cool .  this is by far the sloppiest  implying that the life of a soldier is devoid of work  you get the best food  and you get to lie around all day listening to ann miller on the radio . i am far too young to have participated in wwii  but i think that there was more to it than that . there is the barest cat  s whisker of a plot  and a bunch of musical numbers featuring some of the day  s leading acts .  br    br   i think that by      even the most naive of civvies knew that there was more going on overseas than the wacky hijinks portrayed in this movie . while i am sure that it was meant to be viewed as escapist entertainment  i can  t help but wonder if the family and loved ones of men fighting in the war  were amused or repulsed by this trivialization of their loved ones  sacrifice .  
before i start  let me say that my experience of this movie might have been influenced by the dubbing  which i gather from other comments was the original one which is considered inferior by some . so  it is entirely possible that subtitles or the apparently new dvd version would make a difference . i have also not read the corresponding book i  m only familiar with one other japanese manga and might be lacking cultural context .  br    br   potential minor spoilers ahead .  br    br   i usually like darkly tinged science fiction stories  the likes of blade runner    monkeys  etc .   but i did not enjoy this movie at all . while it started out mildly intriguing  it became tedious by the time it was only half  way finished . there are all sorts of problems let  s start with what is probably the most severe the dialogue . the characters seem unable to formulate complete sentences if they aren  t shouting each other  s names for the n  th time  they are usually grunting monosyllables   kanedaaa     tetsuoooo     huh     grrr   etc .  . this leaves most of the characters entirely underdeveloped and two  dimensional . it doesn  t help in the least that a lot of them get only a few minutes of screen time without anything interesting to say that would develop them away from the stereotypes suggested by the visuals .  br    br   the grunting is augmented by some random pseudo  philosophical technobabble that sounds vague and uninspired even by star trek standards . there is nothing deep and meaningful here  it all seems haphazard  thrown together at random from various bits and pieces of stock sci  fi ideas with no coherency whatsoever .  br    br   what little there is of an intelligible plot is no more than an excuse to begin the overlong final sequence which consists of escalating scenes of mayhem and destruction . not that there  s anything wrong with a nice bit of mayhem and destruction  of course but in this case you  ll find yourself asking  what  s the point of it all  and how long until it  s over  . character development in the last   minutes or so consists of little more than tetsuo turning into pizza the hutt for no readily apparent reason .  br    br   the ending resembles the one in      a bizarre string of images that  far from resolving or explaining anything  leave the viewer feeling he  s just been looking into a kaleidoscope for two hours . i  m sure some will claim that this sort of thing is art but to me it was just a lot of admittedly imaginative use of colour and shapes .  some of the music was also quite interesting  . unfortunately it  s all style and no substance .  br    br   tired of disney  want to watch animated movies dealing intelligently with  adult  themes  i  m sad to say you  re more likely to find that sort of thing in  south park  .  
one of those thank  god  i  don  t  live  there documentaries . this one tells of two warring factions in colombia  guerrillas and paramilitaries  and the surrounding peoples of medellin .  br    br   guns  drugs and death run rampant . the guys  no older than    not in the middle of fighting a war are in jail . the girls  not women  girls  always react the same way when one of them is killed  with tears and screaming . you scratch your head what did they expect  really  i don  t know what  s more disturbing the nightly shoot  outs and civil unrest  or that everybody just seems to passively accept things as are . or  seeing that boy drinking what is obviously not his first beer  being all of what     if you were to take these any of these young men out of their situation and put them some place where they had the opportunity to do more  be more  how many would choose not to stay   br    br   based on this documentary  all  i  m afraid .  
medellin is a fabulous place to live  work  and study . i  ve been there twice  and never did i hear anything about guerrilla activities  paramilitaries taking tourists hostage  or anything of the sort . there are  invisible police   but it is not a big brother system . there are just enough police so that they are visible in everyday life  but they do not hassle someone without good reasons .  br    br   la sierra is an interesting documentary in that the youths it depicts in the movie essentially become its characters . the directors of the movie carefully carve out plot lines among the daily actions of the inhabitants of la sierra  and when a  character  dies  there is genuine pathos . it is difficult to imagine  however  that the three youths are all members of the bloque metro  a gang that used to terrorize la sierra before the colombian government began to restructure the country .  br    br   la sierra is not an accurate depiction of life in colombia there are  of course  things to be wary of such as petty crime  but when one considers pickpocketing happens in  modern  cities such as london  new york  or tokyo  colombia doesn  t seem that different after all . colombians are eagerly awaiting their chance to show to the world that the once war  torn country is now prospering more than ever .  
this story is about the romantic triangle between a nth . african male prostitute  a french transsexual prostitute  stephanie  and a russian waiter who speaks no french and never seems to shave .  br    br   as a film it is dull  dreary and depressing  shot either on foggy  overcast winter days or in badly lit interiors  where everyone is bathed in a weird blue luminescence . and yes  i know  it  s because the white balance was out . everyone is pale and downcast and looks haggard  shabby and dirty . bodies are bony and shot in such closeup that they look quite ugly and unappealing . moles  greasy hair . yuk . bad news in a film where people spend a lot of time either naked or having sex .  br    br   and the story  well  stephanie  s mother is dying . all three characters go back to stephanie  s home village where  through a bunch of flashbacks to desolate countryside and predictably dingy interiors  we see a bit of stephanie  s childhood as a boy called pierre . the mother dies . well . . . and that  s about it  really . character development is kept to a minimum  as is the denouement of the story .  br    br   i suppose the storyline is not linear  it would explain a lot of non sequiteurs  but really  after paying my seven euros i don  t feel like having to construct the film myself that  s what the director takes my money for . to expect me to join the story telling process and get my hands dirty  so to speak  is asking way too much .  br    br   this film is a heap of pretentious rubbish made  above all  from a desire to epater les bourgeois  ie shock the straights  . i can see how it was a shoo  in for the berlin film festival  and i can see why it got nowhere .  
if you like films that ramble with little plot exposition spiced with kinky sex  this film is for you . on the plus side the lead actor  actress  newcomer transsexual  does have an interesting screen presence  but not enough to add up to much more than a mildly interesting movie  if that . essentially this film is about  social outcasts  transexual prostitute  male hustler  and russian  gay immigrant  who somehow have developed a bond . why is not clear . we are expected to accept these misfits are at the core basic honest people who have the ability to love while they hustle their bodies on the street . right   and anna nicole smith was truly in love with her ninety something sugar daddy  the filmmaker shows a gritty  unpleasant side of life while wanting us to believe underneath it all these seriously damaged people are really quite normal to the extent they have a menage a trois which helps them through life . quite a fantasy  but unfortunately portrayed here as real look of life on the wild side . in sum  no plot  no truth and no real reason to spend much time here . unless of course you just like to revel in the kink     
this was a complete disappointment . the acting isn  t bad  but the production was just so bad that at times i felt i needed to stop it  but i sadly made it through and was able to finish it a bit embarrassed by the whole poor movie . it is o . k . if you are o . k . with cheesy moral plots and don  t mind watching a movie that vastly misconstrues whitman . if you want a cheesy fictional story go for it .  
this isn  t a movie . it is a collection of unrelated  ill  conceived and poorly assembled scenes that look like the unedited results of a dim   year old with a mini  dv camera . in fact  i have a theory that the extremely abrasive girl in the train corridor  the one with the greasy hair  dead  pan stare  ipod and nervous tic  probably shot it herself in a creative phase .  br    br   if you made it further than the ten minutes i did  don  t bother trying to fit what you saw into the context of the european artiste mentality praised above . this is a true and complete waste of time  money and film that would have made william one  shot beaudine cringe .  br    br   the unfortunate part is that the endless series of vacuum  packed characters is representative of what now passes for much of humanity .  br    br   what  s next  six directors shooting social intercourse at the wal  mart snack counter   
when i first started watching this movie i was looking for some kind of subtle metaphors but it soon dawned on me that this movie was indeed about people on a train . the interactions between people are like those you can see any day on the street and when in occasion there is a slightly more interesting situation the dialogue becomes stilted and boring . its not that i don  t get how this film is trying to portray the way people interact  it  s just that in this film they are very boring . if you want to see and analyse these kinds of relationships you  d be best to actually go out and buy a train ticket and look at the people on the train with you . it is realistic but you wouldn  t go to a movie to watch a film about you sitting there watching the movie .  
for years i remember reading about this show  trouble with tracy  in the tv guide . cfto  tv toronto every saturday morning at  am  i lived about a two  hour drive north of toronto and we couldn  t get cfto  but you know how it is  we always want what we can  t have .  br    br   well  i knew what i wanted and what i wanted was to see what this  trouble with tracy  was all about . did it have a beautiful girl in the starring role  was there nudity  was there suspense  was it a comedy  it would  ve been fine if there was some promotion of the show . at least i could  ve known what i was missing . but  no  the mystery drove me bonkers  until ctv affiliate ckco built a re  transmitter in wiarton  ontario and began to broadcast  trouble with tracy  at the same time as cfto . . . . saturday mornings at  am   one saturday morning i got up and turned the tv on at     and at last i got to see what  the trouble with tracy  was . yes  the  trouble with tracy  was that it was canadian content and stuck in the harmless  am spot so no one would ever see how awful it was .  br    br   talented canadian actor steve weston died a few years afterward  but many would argue he effectively  died  the first time he appeared on this show . when i saw it for the first time that cold saturday morning and fell despondent back into my bed  part of me died  too .  
wow  i can  t believe people consider this a  good  movie . now  i have seen much worse  but there are much more romantic  funny comedies with john cusack .  br    br   this is a mediocre film at best . while the acting wasn  t terrible  but not great  for a romantic comedy  there was little passion  little romance . there were many loose ends that don  t show up or are not addressed . unfortunately  the main characters do come off as complete cowards . they don  t know themselves well enough to realize that they don  t love the people they are engaged to . how do we know they aren  t in love  by the utter lack of remorse both characters have for leaving their finances . i can think of few things more romantic than the continual escape from commitment that these two show .  br    br   the movie doesn  t even end with a wedding scene  more than likely both will get cold feet and drop each other like hot potatoes once a commitment is nearing . this movie is really about two people who can  t commit to anything  unlike cusack  s previous characters  who were more than willing to make a deep commitment  loyd in say anything  martin in grosse pointe blank  etc .  .  br    br   the greatest failure of this movie was the complete lack of any twists turns  or anything of interest . when the movie ended  i felt like they had failed to include a climax to the story  which basically fits the whole movie boring . no suspense about whether the two will end up together  no joy when they do  no consequences to their actions .  br    br   it is sad that people are so blind to the shoddiness of this movie  that they simply rebuke any criticism with  everyone is too cynical   . criticism of this movie is not cynicism  simply unbiased examination . there are many other better romantic comedies  even ones with grace kelly  or eva marie saint .  br    br   if you think this movie is great  try these movies  you hearts will explode the princess bride  say anything  grosse pointe blank  high fidelity  keeping the faith  charade  rear window  north by northwest  or there  s something about mary  which is a good examination of idealized romance vs . today  s society  .  
oh  for crying out loud  this has got to be the lamest movie i  ve seen all year  and i  m sorry the normally awesome john cusack was even involved in this brainless  twitty piece of stupidity . where sleepless in seattle delivered what amounts to be the same message  albeit on a more subtle  somewhat more mature level  serendipity delivers it with a sledgehammer  and then proceeds to pound it into your psyche for the next tedious hour and a half or so  and that  s an hour and a half of my life i  ll never get back again  thank you very much    . it  s bad enough the main characters of this movie have the emotional maturity level of fourteen  year  olds  actually i  ve known better fourteen  year  olds . . .   except maybe for jeremy piven  who was enjoyable enough . just the first   minutes or so of the movie where kate beckinsale  s character plays that annoying silliness of a game about throwing all sensibility to the wind  literally  had my best friend and i irritated beyond belief . i told my husband rockstar had more intelligence  and at least  the characters in rockstar weren  t half as dysfunctional as the idiots were in this  serendipitous  mess . it  s annoying to watch protagonists who seem to have no clue about choice in their lives  and feel they  re nothing more than puppets to destiny and the whims of fate . how utterly tiresome . i  m sure this movie will be more likely enjoyed by those who  d rather not engage in the chaotic messiness of making more complex life choices and then responsibly living with the consequences . after all  here  s a movie where our hero and heroine live happily ever after only after wreaking havoc and misery on two other people  s lives  namely their respective fiances   not to mention other relatives and friends  just to get there .  br    br    
not exactly a new story line  but this romantic comedy makes the concept work . a young man  john cusack  and a drop dead gorgeous woman  kate beckinsale  keep meeting by chance and wonder if they are meant for each other . although both are promised to others . . . oddly enough they still feel that their soul mate is out there somewhere . a little sappy in some places  but viva la love . being a romantic i am almost obligated to be riveted . my favorite scene is where cusack is on the ground and snow starts falling . the finale is almost too sweet  but most deserving . this is not one of cusack  s deeper roles  but who in the hell could not be smitten by beckinsale . notable support is provided by jeremy piven and molly shannon . john corbett plays the worst role i  ve ever seen him in . on the other hand eugene levy is quirky and funny . watch this with your soul mate .  
the master of cheap erotic horror  rolfe kanefsky  finally makes a movie that doesn  t go straight to the playboy channel .  the hazing  borrows heavily from everything that came before it from nightmare on elm street to evil dead  but still manages to do it with enough humor to make it watchable . . . just barely . the characters are cardboard  the dialogue is wooden  the story is paper  thin and the actors couldn  t act their way out of a grocery bag . put that all together and you have a pulpy ball of mulch for a movie . sometimes  when i  m bored  i like to eat paper . watching this movie is a lot like that . chew on it for   minutes and you  re left with a weird taste in your mouth and no nutritional value .  
this was truly dreadful  it had a terrible storyline  was poorly acted  and was like an amateur remake of evil dead but not nearly as good .  br    br   it took all my tenacity to make it through this one  it  s a good job i didn  t have to visit the toilet else i doubt i would have come back  this one makes hammer house of horror look like a big screen hollywood epic .  br    br   the only value to this movie was the never ending supply of beautiful women . not a bad one among them   br    br   if you want to letch with your friends after a night on the beer then this one  s for you . . . else avoid it like the plague   
i saw this movie primarily to see brooke burke  as jill   who i had meet briefly in la at a modeling trade show  in her first feature film . i was hoping to see more of her  but thought she did very well acting her role . since she is such a beautiful and poised tv host  and model  it was not surprising . i was left wondering why she was killed  and what happened as a result . maybe i just missed it .  br    br   i wasn  t really sure about the genre of this movie  and although i liked the actors i felt like it was for a college audience . i tried to keep an open mind considering horror wasn  t my favorite genre  but felt like i had outgrown the gags . it seemed to drag out in some places  leave you guessing in some places about what powers the evil professor had  and  like a lot of other films had an unsatisfying ending .  br    br   having written a couple of scripts  i know a lot of this is difficult and may come down to personal opinions  how many movies you have seen  studied  and those you relate with at a point in time .  br    br   in a nutshell  i found it interesting  but not a satisfying plot and ending for me . if jill  brooke burke  would have returned through the portal in the end and kicked everyone  s ass that would be a satisfying ending and would earn a higher rating .  
i cannot believe i wasted   minutes of my life watching this terrible film i kept hoping it was going to get better by the end but boy was i wrong . the plot was abysmal  the acting was extremely poor and the special effects were awful . not even the  beautiful girls could revive my interest in this boring and bloody mess . however i cannot lie  some of the lines in this film were quite memorable such as when the asian boy says   i lost my virginity to the babysitter so f stereotypes    br    br   please do not waste your time with this crash unless u are prepared or want to have a good laugh . . maybe that way u can watch it to rip this movie with some mates  
please note that i haven  t seen the film since i discovered it in      and my town is smaller and doesn  t carry it . however  i really want to say something about it . i  m actually doing research for university on the title character richard maurice bucke and would like to point out that the person they based the main character on was in reality completely different    hollywood  s ideas of people and artistic license granted  the real dr . bucke totally endorsed hysterectomies to cure insanity in women  and would never have practiced anything as liberal as represented in the film . i think it  s laughable to see various film critics who write for legitimate newspapers who say this film has some historical basis  the only actual fact i can see is the friendship between dr . bucke and walt whitman . please don  t waste your time on a film with such a disregard to the horror that real women experienced at the hands of this doctor who has now been glorified by the film industry .  
today i found  they all laughed  on vhs on sale in a rental . it was a really old and very used vhs  i had no information about this movie  but i liked the references listed on its cover the names of peter bogdanovich  audrey hepburn  john ritter and specially dorothy stratten attracted me  the price was very low and i decided to risk and buy it . i searched imdb  and the user rating of  .  was an excellent reference . i looked in  mick martin  marsha porter video  dvd guide      and  wow  four stars  so  i decided that i could not waste more time and immediately see it . indeed  i have just finished watching  they all laughed  and i found it a very boring overrated movie . the characters are badly developed  and i spent lots of minutes to understand their roles in the story . the plot is supposed to be funny  private eyes who fall in love for the women they are chasing   but i have not laughed along the whole story . the coincidences  in a huge city like new york  are ridiculous . ben gazarra as an attractive and very seductive man  with the women falling for him as if her were a brad pitt  antonio banderas or george clooney  is quite ridiculous . in the end  the greater attractions certainly are the presence of the playboy centerfold and playmate of the year dorothy stratten  murdered by her husband pretty after the release of this movie  and whose life was showed in  star    and  death of a centerfold the dorothy stratten story   the amazing beauty of the sexy patti hansen  the future mrs . keith richards the always wonderful  even being fifty  two years old  audrey hepburn and the song  amigo   from roberto carlos . although i do not like him  roberto carlos has been the most popular brazilian singer since the end of the    s and is called by his fans as  the king  . i will keep this movie in my collection only because of these attractions  manly dorothy stratten  . my vote is four .  br    br   title  brazil    muito riso e muita alegria    many laughs and lots of happiness    
the hazing is confused mumbo  jumbo that wants so hard to be the evil dead that it even references bruce campbell several times . the problem is  it is simply not in the same league as that terrific movie . this movie is nowhere near as original . the plot has been used before  by kevin tenney in night of the demons  and that was a lot more fun . this flick wastes too much time with complicated exposition before getting the kids into the spooky mansion and starting the demonic happenings .  br    br   brad dourif is  as usual  not given much to do here  but when he is on screen he puts in another over  the  top performance that would make christopher walken jealous . as for the acting of the kids  it  s passable but by no means good . the shaky camera work is more annoying than clever or atmospheric . there are a few good moments when the first guy gets possessed and throws around some deadly one liners while dispatching his victims  but it was never scary for a second . the gore level is mid  range to low  but the director tries to make up for it by showing the actresses topless a few times . all in all  just okay if you have   minutes to waste .  
the script was very weak w  o enough character arcs to make you care one bit about the characters or what happens to them . the script is way too talky and not enough gore or action to even call it slow paced . the story gets to the point that you just want everyone to shut up and die as quickly as possible so you don  t have to listen to them talk this very muted  stiff dialogue . on a technical note  the music mix is way to high and makes it hard to understand what is being said most times . then again  this could be called a blessing . overall  this same story could have better been told in a short film w  a running time under   minutes . the obvious  in your face  homages to sam raimi and  evil dead  would have been good had they been more subtle  but here they seem more like a bald faced rip off . c  mon  this kind of   mm budget and this is the best that could be done  still  the cinematography  lighting design and shots were very well done indeed .  
exactly what you would expect from a b  movie . deritive  gratuitous nudity  boring in parts  ridiculous gore and cheesy special  effects . of course it could have been better  better acted  defintly  better written  directed  etc . but then i guess it wouldn  t have been a b movie . the actors pretty much sucked  in fact this pretty much seemed like an episode of buffy the vampire slayer or something except with a lot of blood  profanity and nudity .  br    br   tiffany shepis must be singled out . she absolutely is the scream queen of the new millennium . not that acting really matters in these movies  but she was better than any of the other actors . she  s also smokin hot  in that plastic jump suit thing she wore for the whole movie  wow  her posterior is absolutely stunning in that outfit  i mean it every single time she turns around you can help but check her out . and near then end of the film the viewer is rewarded with seeing her completely nekked .  br    br   so if your a looser b  movie horror buff  like myself   check this out . if not  you should probably avoid at all costs .  
i love horror films  low budget     s     s     s     s . . but how can anyone think this is a very good horror film  let  s compare it to titles in a similar vein  haunted house films . the haunting  the changeling  the shining . or for a similar technology based horror film that was faaar better   though still far from great  demon seed . ok  i  ll be fair . . let  s compare it to made  for  tv horror films  don  t go to sleep . . waaay creepier and better done . salem  s lot  the night stalker  night gallery  even don  t go in the basement or crowhaven farm were far better . spoilers first of all  for as good a scene as the bloody shower scene was  you have a scene like the opening scene . . oh boy  the garden hose comes alive to hose down some frisky teenagers  terrible . also  just what we understand about the house . . it apparently needs to use its video cameras to see what is going on  and it  s a very emotional house . not a spirit  or demon  or entity  it  s a house thats  possessed   but by what  we are led to believe an inanimate object learned to love suzie  margaret  our protagonist  now that i  m on the topic of suzie . . another scene that totally bothered me  this poor old crazy lady comes  tells you she was your nurse  pours her heart out  falls in the boiling pool  struggling in agony for   seconds  and what does margaret do  does she risk her hands being burnt to save this poor elderly woman that came there to warn her  s life  no  she stands there and watches  the acting for the most part was better than average for a horror film  but that  s where the positives end . for at least a more interesting  and fun horror film about an inanimate object that kills people watch death bed the bed that eats . i have a feeling the people who rated this so highly either haven  t watched it since it originally aired  or remembered it scaring them as children . this film was pretty much merit less .  
it  s kind of fascinating to me that so many reviewers consider this a masterpiece . i am not a dullard as far as quality films go  and i will agree that from a technical filming standpoint  as well as for several of the characters portrayed  the film is in an award  worthy class . but there is no sense  for me  of this film actually going anywhere i mean  taking the viewer anywhere . it is a series of mood scenes  perhaps remarkable as such  but i want more from a film . i look for story and movement and a fulfillment of arrival  none of which did i find in this film . yes  it might be considered poetry on film . . . but there is much poetry that i cannot live with for the same reason that it paints pictures without going anywhere .  br    br   one thing further to be said is that it documents a mid  century english childhood  which is necessarily limited in its universality . i was personally appalled at what a young british boy had to live through  in that time and place . having grown up in america just a decade earlier  i can authoritatively say that the contrast is immense . i cannot help wondering if this contrast has had some effect on those reviewing the film so favorably . in other words  could there be a tendency to judge the film entirely on its  filmic magic   which i acknowledge is there  and completely ignore its lack of relevance to the nature of one  s actual recalled experience   
i had to watch this in school . and to sum it up . . .  br    br   talentless actors  talentless script  and a talentless director .  br    br   this movie is such a waste of your time . don  t even watch the movie . don  t bother . you will be so disappointed . my teacher said it was supposed to be good . how wrong she was . she even slept through it a little . the movie  s actors were just bad . the best actor in there was the old man and that  s not saying much . it  s has horrible plot with awful characters . so unrealistic and i can honestly said it had no point . the script was unemotional and confusing . there was points in the movie when i furrowed my brows and said   what   . also there were just too many loose ties and plot holes . it was just absolutely horrendous .  
but i got over it . to me  it seemed that even the author of the book favored caroline . i felt so sorry for the character louise  and she was constantly compared with esau who was evil  i just felt the comparison was a bit harsh and un  realistic . really though  the movie was bad . i wouldn  t really see it unless you  re ready for a big let down .  
this movie is a perfect example of an excellent book getting ruined by a movie . jacob have i loved is quite possibly the worst film that i have ever seen . there is no storyline  plots disappear  and the editing is awful . to top it all off  the music is straight from a synthesizer and sounds unbelievably terrible . bridget fonda  s acting is decent  but everyone else  s acting is totally amateur . i would suggest this movie to someone who is studying to be a producer as a study on how not to produce a movie as it is chock full of bad cut  scenes  bad transitions and acting that should have been re  shot  read the book and don  t waste your time with this film .  
this was just plain terrible . i read this book for school  i made as on all of the tests  and to see it like this  my teacher forced me and   other people to watch it  and it was worse than leonard part   plan  from outer space  and hudson hawk put together . the thing that made this film so terrible was enough reasons to want to kill yourself over . first of all  it was made on hallmark . second  the acting was terrible . third  it was like completely different from the book . literally  it was so bad i asked myself to be excused . basically  i would rather watch basic instinct  than watch this . take my advice  don  t watch this film . no one would want to watch this . it was horrible . horrible   
really started the   s trend of disgusting violence masquerading as a  horror film  . i was the target audience for this repellent piece of trash and i was disgusted then as now .  br    br   oh  where do we start . let  s see  the setup you can bring people back to live if they died a violent death . so that laughably weak premise is the excuse to butcher people in horrible ways  because  well  that  s needed to bring them back to life  this might have worked if played over the top for black laughs a la re  animator or something . but no  it  s played straight . there is a whole terrified family in a wagon that gets hunted down  one of the few scenes at least where their demise is off screen . however  just about everything else is on screen . there is actually a scene where a young girl walking along is beaten and killed by zombie townspeople  who are all filming it and grinning with several cameras . then  there is a closeup of her face as the filmmakers lovingly   and time consumingly   reveal in time  lapse photography her beaten face being carved down to a skull and rebuilt to look  normal  again . this done  of course  by a slumming jack albertson as the mortician behind it all . he likes to drive around in a ambulance  hearse playing old tommy dorcey tunes  i guess that is supposed to be cute .  br    br   in the end  of course  even the sheriff is undead and the doctor offers kindly to fix his rotting hands . not clear why the sheriff is not out with the other townspeople killing children with glee and slicing their faces off  sticking needles in burn  victims eyes  etc .  br    br   i wonder  really wonder  what people see in a geek show like this to give it any kind of rating at all . it  s not scary  the twists are laughable  and overall it  s kind of sick . it  s not even well enough done to  see it on a dare  or enjoy on a level you might watch a bad hg lewis film . it  s just god  awful trash  made for people who get off on this type of pointless gore  and made by people slumming for a paycheck .  br    br   sad that albertson was even involved .  
scary  but mostly in the sense that will it be over before i turn   . i saw this as a late night re  run in about     and thought it would never end . like crackers  it  s better than nothing  but just  .  br    br   ray milland is a little scary because he looks as if he  s been stuffed by a taxidermist . yvette mimeux looks as if she  s smoked up all the beautiful downtown burbank brown .  br    br   it  s a sort of roy rogers version of rosemary  s baby . this is one turkey that should never have been made . if you have insomnia and it  s     on saturday morning and there  s nothing on but replays of the     roller derby chamionship  then i guess it beats that . but god help you if this is your only choice for entertainment .  
christopher lambert is annoying and disappointing in his portrayal as gideon . this movie could have been a classic had lambert performed as well as tom hanks in forrest gump  or dustin hoffman as raymond babbitt in rain man  or sean penn as sam dawson in i am sam .  br    br   too bad because the story line is meaningful to us in life  the supporting performances by charlton heston  carroll o  connor  shirley jones  mike connors and shelley winters were excelent .  of   .  
the story line has been rehashed a number of times  a breath of life in the retirement home  . several plays  movies  novels  short stories  poems and news articles have beat the subject to no end  but it  s still an excellent platform for character studies .  br    br   if  gideon  was crafted more enthusiastically it could be brilliant  but the dialogue is painfully boring and the story is absolutely flooded with cliches  even the subtitle and summary of gideon  s  simple wisdom  almost made me laugh in its ineffectiveness  . mostly indifferent acting is the final straw for this weak film  but the rest of it is bland enough to make the actors  lack of focus almost irrelevant .  
this film is so bad  you can  t imagine . the acting is terrible  even worse than in third class soap operas . an it is a shame that this movie was the most successful in the past   years in switzerland . the interactions between the soldiers didn  t make any sense at all . the story could have been taken out from a bravo photo  story  the dialogues were as wooden as treebeard and the plot holes were bigger than the black hole in the middle of our galaxy . but nowadays it doesn  t need much to satisfy the audience . the actors were handsome for example the former miss switzerland and the main character was even hung  woah    and there certainly was much abuse of drugs . that  s real cool man  particularly for   and   year old teens . but the media created an atmosphere in witch you was not allowed to reject the film because they manipulated the peer group dynamics by telling implicitly that you are a nerd if you don  t go along with the other sheep  and say . yes that is exactly what it was like when i was in the army  that  s exactly what i  m going to do when i must go to the army . . to every cheesy action that had to do with drugs and coolness . and don  t think i like the army . i was there and i hated it but this film is worse than cleaning up the sticky toilet with a teeth brush  which i was forced to do because i offended an lieutenant  it is not necessary for every film to be sophisticated . sometimes you only want to be entertained for a few hours and forget about problems and i think its not a bad thing . but this kind of films influence teenagers to much by showing them a cool lifestyle which in fact is only stupid and turns them into brainless ignorant and egocentric idiots . but since i now that my opinion isn  t very popular i will be quiet now and recommend you to avoid this terrible flick at any costs and for that to save your wits   br    br        br    br    sorry for my bad english   
seriously  avoid this movie at any cost . i just saw it in my first  sneak preview  ever and although i paid non  refundable money for it  i walked out of the cinema after a mere   minutes . which already includes  minutes of discussion among my friends whether or not to leave . first time ever i walked out of a movie . and i lived through some pretty bad ones .  br    br   it  s one of those films that is dubbed  and badly so  even though it is shown in its original language . it relies on the oldest  simplest and cheapest jokes in the book . on the military   what do we do once we reach the fighting zone     you get out of the car and die   actually  it  s much funnier to read here that the way it was delivered in the film   on drugs  a guy eats some  space cookies   behaves really silly and misses his wedding or has to live through it while high  all badly written and acted   on women in the army   why do we only get trumpets  we were promised guns     that  s the way it is  that  s the way it  ll stay   . . . argh . okay  you might actually find these genuinely funny  but in that case you seriously scare me .  br    br   additionally  i have seen better acting in the kind of soft porn films you get on european late night tv . so it had lame jokes  delivered badly   beyond lower average acting  lacked pace  was badly dubbed and edited  it just didn  t work . at least not on any level used as a measure for films .  br    br   i would even be so bold as to say that this flick proves that there are people who can be a lot less funny zan zee germans . and that  s saying something if you like stereotypes .  which i don  t  it  s nice to play with them  though . just in case somebody thinks i  m not being pc enough .   br    br   instead of going to see this film  do something useful . try to teach crocheting to prawns  paint your toenails in a really irritating colour  disassemble your bicycle  change some light bulbs  try to understand einstein  s theories  convert to a different religion and back  in fact  go and listen to  last christmas  by wham  on endless repeat . anything  but don  t watch this awful flick .  
this film makes  american pie  a sophisticated movie  no further comment needed . humor is cheap  dialogues are stupid and the cast is awkward . every clich is used several times without any original twist . and far the worst  the movie turns out to be more catholic than the pope . it  s so sad .  
well  awful is just the first name . this movie is a clich  ridden piece of junk . a high school comedy setup in a military training camp . i  m sorry i had to give this  star which it did not deserve .  br    br   this may contain spoilers  br    br   just about everything is totally forced  unconvincing and unrealistic . the hepo  military police  will not come to get you if you don  t make your appearance  especially not on your wedding day . the actors were pretty embarrassed during this scene  because the scene didn  t work as it was so highly unlikely . you can sense it in their voices . even if they were not such bad actors  they wouldn  t have been able to save the scene .  br    br   next the guy has to exercise in his wedding suit . no  there was no time to get him an uniform first . man  this is great cinematography  i will remember this scene for the rest of my life .  br    br   there are also girls in the camp   exciting   one of  em even a model  though not looking that great   and the baddest actress i  ve ever seen . i doubt in hollywood they would let her say a single line in a b movie .  br    br   okay girls in the military  now this is getting fun . the girls are even placed on the same floor  so we can sneak to their room at night  in reality they would be placed in a different building a quarter mile away  separated by two fences with barbed wire .  br    br   there are tanks available we can use for a fun ride in our spare time  of which we have plenty . no  the tanks are not locked  and the ignition keys are inserted . no one will notice the engine sounds  especially not at night .  br    br   there is a bunch of sex scenes and references and all are below the waste line . we need those so the sexually obsessed germans will like the movie as well . switzerland is too small a market for any feature film . well done   br    br   one sex scene takes place in the kitchen . surely  none of those facilities are ever locked . the military routines are as sloppy as they can get .  br    br   in the end of the brainless flick  the mafia hit men are about the take revenge on the poor guy trying to shoot him  because he deserted his fiance  sure i buy that  the italians are that way   a jealous bunch  not  .  br    br   the bad guys attempt to do this in open daylight with two dozen eyewitnesses . not at night in a dark alley . again  military training grounds  where there is shooting with live ammo  are open to the public  anyone can freely drive or walk in there . there are no such things as guards or fences .  br    br   the deed however is prevented by the good captain timely launching a rocket into the italians  car . the explosion knocks the hit men and the enraged fiance off their feet . no one in   feet distance is hurt when the car is blown to smithereens . it  s a comedy  remember .  br    br   okay . it  s a comedy  i got that  and i can live with that . no realism needed . filmmakers can easily get way with this if it is hilariously  side splitting funny  or entertaining  interesting  challenging . unfortunately it is none of those . it  s just embarrassing . a rip  off from brainless american comedies . the latter are at least done professionally  with no amateur actors .  br    br   it is pretty boring and predictable  a waste of time and energy  especially to those sitting through the entire movie as i unfortunately did . yawn .  
the fact that this movie has been entitled to the most successful movie in switzerland  s film history makes me shake my head  it  s true  but pitiful at the same time . a flick about the swiss army could be a good deal better .  br    br   the story sounds interesting  at the beginning antonio carrera  michael koch  gets forced to absolve his military training by the army while he is in the church  wedding his love laura moretti  mia aegerter  .  br    br   the acting in some way doesn  t really differ from just a few recruits getting drunk and stoned in the reality . melanie winiger plays her role as the strong michelle bluntschi mediocre  personally i found her rather annoying .  br    br   the storyline contains a comedy combined with a romance  which does not work as expected . the romance  part is too trashy  and the comedy  part is not funny at all  it  s just a cheap try and does not change throughout the whole movie whatsoever . it  s funny for preadolescent      year olds  but not for such as those who search an entertaining comedy . the humor is weak except for some shots .  br    br   dope  cool  stealing  cool  if you want a proper comedy about the swiss rs  make sure you did not absolve your military training yet  and even then don  t expect too much   br    br   i  ll give it  out of   stars  because marco rima is quite funny during his screen time . not a hell of a lot screen time though  
the youthful group in  st . elmo  s fire  who just graduated from college barely seem able to make it through high school much less four years at any prominent university . for the most part  these kids are irresponsible  selfish  greedy and stupid  yet co  writer and director joel schumacher appears to hold them up as touchstones for a generation . with a now  outdated cast of  up and comers   a background score that sounds awfully similar to that of  terms of endearment   and writing which lords the smugness of this circle over us   fire  is a paltry blaze  one that gets even more embarrassing as the years pass on .     from   
joel schumaker directs the script he co  wrote and has a group of georgetown grads confronted with adult life situations . the story line is a scrambled mess  but some scenes are actually good . there is a lot of wasted talent and time here . the cast is more impressive than the movie . featured are demi moore  rob lowe  judd nelson  andrew mccarthy  emilio estevez  ally sheedy and mare winningham . the most notable being mccarthy and moore . lowe is quite obnoxious . coming of age is not so damn easy .  
i think i  ve seen this sort of thing before college graduates not realizing they have it pretty damn good  all the while  complaining that their lives suck .  br    br   this movie is highly derivative of the big chill and reality bites from what i can make of it they practically have the same plot .  br    br   if anything good came out of this snore  fest  it was the music . that was it .  br    br   as far as i  m concerned  i  m not impressed . . . but then again  i never expected anything less . this movie was directed by the same person that directed batman and robin another movie that should only be viewed with a blindfold in tow .  br    br   now for the verdict it  s a  out of   .  
having low expectations going in  the opening new footage  clocked at over five minutes  of  husbands  came as a pleasant surprise . i won  t say the new footage was grade a material  but it provided a very solid foundation for what  could have been  a good all  original film .  br    br   unfortunately  this was put together in      during a time of one day shooting schedules . after the new footage  jules white decided to just thumbtack stock footage from  brideless groom  into this short  making for a not  so  smooth story transition  which jules and felix adler try to remedy with a quickie bit of new footage at the end  giving us the old  worn  out ending of the boys  moe  larry in this case  getting shot in the butt .  br    br        
st . elmo  s fire has no bearing on life after university at all  for the majority of us common folk anyway  . why was this garbage even made  who can really relate to this  who lives like these characters  i truly feel sorry for the actors having to deal with such a terrible script . there are some talented young actors in this  film  that have done a good job elsewhere . it must have just been one whole joke to them on set .  br    br   i actually found this  film  insulting to my intelligence . the only joy i got from this is hoping that sir john hughes had a good ol  laugh when he saw a screening of this the same year his masterpiece of the breakfast club was released .  br    br   don  t make the same mistake i did of watching this because you enjoy    s films . it really is that offensive to the genre .  
i  ll probably get a lot of flack for hating this movie  guess i didn  t approach it with the proper dewy  eyed nostalgia of the generation before me . but suffice it to say  st elmo  s fire was pretty crap  freaking  tastic  even as far as brat pack films go .  br    br   here is yet another lovely example of the smug  self  indulgent neurosis that is everything   s  rent  anyone   the plot is virtually non  existent and the philosophies are kitchy at best  poorly delivered the rest of the time . the complete lack of anything resembling sympathetic characters doesn  t help the situation . there really was no growth  no forward movement at all . even the climactic suicide scene was effectually neutered by once again refusing to let death or anything resembling reality or adult life enter in .  br    br   each cookie cutter figure simply goes about making you hate them in the blandest  most predictable way possible . the stalker is a creep for no discernible reason other than he is a stalker and andie macdowell is gorgeous . the jackass does everything in his power to constantly remind you he is  well  a jackass . the gorgeous slut hides really soulful  deep pain with a wild lifestyle . the poet moods and mopes around for a full    of the film until he can reveal    he actually is full of teddy bears and sunshine and rainbows . the virgin finally becomes a whole  happy human being after getting every virgin  s desire of one hot roll in the sack with a jackass before he ditches her to really change  for real this time  . the cheating bastard cheats until it is time for him to get caught . and finally the feminist go around dousing holy water on any soul that utters  commitment  .  br    br   which brings me to my final beef  what bond of super  cement was holding these people together as friends  i can  t imagine being with just one of them  now think of the vortex created by all that narcissism centered in one bar . and they were all so terrible to each other  heads in toilets  near rape  and sleeping around with everrrryone . the cherry was after two bffs act like total baboons after screwing the feminist  she  s like   umm  actually i don  t want to be with either of you anymore . let  s be friends  and we can hang out in a totally unawkward way every day knowing that i may hook up with one or the other at any given point  but neither of you are satisfying enough for commitment  not that word   .  and they all smile as if to say   golly gee  i never thought of that  what a great idea    br    br   only it  s not . kinda in the way that watching this movie is not .  
i saw this in the theater when it came out  and just yesterday i saw it again on cable . this i was able to reacquainted myself with the feeling of just how revolting this film is . the whole bunch of characters are self  absorbed narcisstic preeners . worst of all  it reinforces every negative stereotype about    something dating  even as it purports to celebrate people  finding themselves  . the nice guys finish last  the jerky guys make out great  the jerkiest guys do best . the girls are all boy toy pushovers . only one character   wendy   is seen doing anything remotely useful to society  and she dispenses with her long  saved virginity in a throwaway one  night stand with a scumbag  in a lushly filmed scene that we  re supposed to think is romantic . what this really is is hollywood  s concept of young america permissive  detached  promiscuous  conceited .  
what happened in the making of this movie so that it ended up as the total mess it is  just one year after  the breakfast club   a brilliant movie with many of the same actors as in  st . elmo  s fire   who by the way looked and acted in the latter more like they were still the high school misfits from the former but without the grip or discipline in portraying their roles .  br    br   was it the directing or the writing . since it was the same person  joel schumacher  it must be both . but then schumacher has since given us  the phantom of the opera    phone booth    a time to kill   and two batman movies   batman and robin  and  batman forever  which range from good to great directing . something went wrong on  stef  because it has no genius whatsoever  no comedy worth anything  and is very far off the mark on what is truly valuable in life .  br    br   example the character wendy  a rich little girl with a heart to do good and help the less fortunate played by mare winningham  reveals to billy  an unruly slob who cheats on his wife and on his girlfriends  drinks far too much and has no sense of order in his life appropriately played by rob lowe  that she is still a virgin . billy truly see a challenge and possible conquest but wendy  is not ready  . wendy  in fact is so not ready it is hard to believe she is in this clique of friends . later in the story  when billy whose wife has left him taken his child and married another has somehow drawn some of the strings of his life together . billy is leaving for new york  deserting and abandoning all parental responsibility for his baby daughter  he convinces wendy that her virginity would be the perfect  going away gift  from her to him . and wendy  who works as a social worker helping broken families  seems not to be phased at all by this despot . give me a break . the one thing she can only give once  she gives to a loser who is leaving his family and friends  schumacher frames this scene as a wonderful and touching moment .  br    br   many more example exist where there is a complete disconnect between what is real and of value being tossed overboard and the acts are made to look like virtue .  br    br   i suppose some may say that  that was the    s  but i remember it was in the     s  that men began to be held responsible for the children they fathered whether in a marriage or out .  br    br   i think this movie is so bad because it is so out of sync with what it really valuable and right .  br    br   as for the technique  not the story   it was terrible as well . it is disjointed and feels like a  hour movie that has been edited to  hour and   minutes . transitions and jumps in time simply do not make sense . pick up what is on the editing room floor  put it back in and the movie would probably flow much better . . . but it still is a horrible movie .  br    br   maybe schumacher has become a better and stronger director since      he must have  or maybe he was over his head when it came to writing the screenplay for st elmo  s fire or maybe this group of actors took over the set and went their own way  that is what i really think happened .  
i noticed  fire  was on cable the other night and i began watching it because i couldn  t recall anything specific about it other than i remember it being a horrible film when i saw it back in    . twenty years later the film is still awful . besides the synthesizer  the saxophone was the most abused instrument in pop music during the     s  as is evident in the title song . hearing that song again made me want to jab a screwdriver in my ears to end the sonic misery inflicted upon them . and to compound this musical assault rob lowe  s character played saxophone  and there was one scene where he played a solo that went on and on like he was charlie parker  only his shrill tone and playing were more reminiscent of a monkey playing a kazoo . all the characters were intensely unappealing  although i must say they did a great job of casting equally unappealing actors to portray them . actually i thought mare winningham was appealing  and i initially felt sorry for her character because she wore funny underwear  but then near the end of the movie she decides to have sex with rob lowe  s character who would probably be voted most likely to transfer a variety of sexual diseases if such thing were voted upon .  
i don  t know what it was about this film that made me react so viscerally against it . perhaps it was the characters who so unlikable and were not compelling enough to care about . perhaps it was the disorganized storyline . perhaps it was the fact that rob lowe wore a long dangly earring and eyeliner . perhaps it was because at some point in the movie they all break out in song . perhaps it was because the     s were never that   s . perhaps it was because everything was a garish hyperbole . perhaps it was because a character pumps his fist while driving away from the camera during a fade out . i don  t know what it was that made me hate it so  but if it means trying to watch it again i  m not willing to find out .  
heather graham couldn  t play a convincing lesbian if her life depended on it . who do the producers of the movie think they are  the absolute worst  most unrealistic movie i  ve seen in as long as i can remember . this movie is so bad that i felt compelled to sign  up on imdb and make sure the rating of this  film  drops .  br    br   omg i  m heather graham  i just kissed a drunk chick  so while she  s passed out i  m really going to pace around my room for hours asking myself frantically  what have i done    . . jesus heather  get over it and grow up . . . and i  d like to forward that same sentiment to the idiot producers . . . and while i  m at it  instead of this movie being all about an pathetic excuse for a coming out story  perhaps it would have been more suitable to focus the plot onto a character who  s mentally unstable . . . like your so  called  lesbian  character . . . after all  i know the first time i had gay sex  when i left the next morning i jumped to the sky in excitement in the middle of the street . . . honestly btch  get a grip . . .  br    br   what a joke  and please note there are many many many more flaws and appallingly stupid aspects to this lame flick  but i  m so sick of even thinking about it anymore . bottom line  if you  re a smart person you  ll hate this movie  and if you  re not a smart person  then you  ll love it . . . it  s as simple as that .  
i don  t know who sue kramer  the director of this film is  but i have a strong suspicion that a  she is a lesbian and b  she somehow shamed everyone involved in this project to participate to prove they are not homophobic .  br    br   i can imagine everyone thinking   my god  this is horrible . not funny . pedestrian . totally lame .  but keeping their mouths shut for fear they will be labeled anti  gay or they  don  t get  the gay lifestyle .  this is probably why kramer did not cast gay people to play gay people too .  anyway  it  s not even worth reviewing . the actors are all directed to play every scene completely over the top so there is no sincerity or believability in anything they do . it  s full of clichs and there is nothing about this movie that is the least bit amusing  much less funny .  br    br   i hated it and i  m not afraid to say so . too bad the gutless people who gave kramer the money to make this bomb weren  t as unbiased in their judgment .  
oh my god . . the worst sht i  ve ever seen  this is the main thought which came into my mind right after watching the movie . and i really do not understand anybody with opposite myth . though  maybe the idea was good but the effect miserable . i especially mean the role of h . graham . what was that    in my opinion it has destroyed all positive intentions of producers . the character was played in affected and annoying way . every time she appears it reminds that you  re watching a movie and is destroying a spirit of the moment  then whole movie because the most time what you can see there are her stupid faces with more stupid attempts to create the emotion . terrible  don  t waste your time .  
wow probable the worst movie i have ever seen   this person should never make another movie   i cant believe anyone would have produce this in good conscience . you have have wasted every cent . no concept of real life . i have wasted  hours of my life i will never get back . ever    everyone who worked on this show should be embarrassed       i  m embarrassed for them  all of you should be ashamed . if i was gay i would want to tell the director that they have personally set back gay rights progress by  years . please never watch this movie . i have never written a blogg about a film before but the distaste for this film has compelled me to do so .  
you  ve been fouled and beaten up in submission by my harsh statements about  femme fatale    guns n  gals  movies  now comes another breed in disappointing rediscoveries ninja movies  many of these i  ve seen before  and let me tell you  they aren  t all that  s cracked up to be  they usually don  t stick to the point . this  among all others  suffers from no originality  what  s a ninja got to do with preventing a nuclear holocaust in russia  and isn  t this supposed to be a  martial arts  movie  too  does plenty of gunfire sound like an incredible action movie to you  is blood the number one reason to love this to death  will you waste some of your hard  earned cash over a lady singing in her see  through tank top  the answers to these important questions are found in the ninja mission  which should be in the martial arts section of your video store . for even more nonsense ninja fun  try checking out those godfrey ho movies put out by trans world . you get what you deserve  and that  s a promise  recommended only for hardcore ninja addicts   
okay  let me coin a new word here polyphobia the fear of polyamorous relationships . this is yet another in a long line of movies which start out by titillating audiences about some kind of threesome  only to turn on a dime and go all preachy about how it is oh so necessary and the only moral thing to find a monogamistic solution . only one person in a thousand understands the delight of being able to love more than one person  and this director is not one of them . bleh .  br    br   mark my words a few decades from now  polyphobia is going to be just as big a faux  pas as homophobia  but guess who was too close  minded to realize this  right the first time the producers of this movie . and so many like it . why even make a ridiculously conservative and old  fashioned type of movie like this  priding itself on being limitlessly open  minded about gayness  it completely overlooks the fact that we live in an age where monogamy is turning into sequential monogamy  which in turn in turning into swinging and polyamory . open your eyes  people  please   br    br   this is a disappointing  run  of  the  mill chick  flick .  but  damn  i gotta say  heather graham is the cutest thing alive .   br    br    out of   .  
it is important not to be insulted by lack of logic or common sense and those who have any  gray matters  will agree that this movie just doesn  t work .  br    br   the problems lay in the direction  cast selections and lack of depth in the character building . the word comedy was very hard thing to say when i expect to laugh when these words are used . let  s look at the problems in direction  script .  br    br   brother and sister both in their mid    s seem to be well adjusted . they meet a complete stranger at a park and heather graham character walks up to her and asks the most intimate questions that even half sane person would be running the other way or at least scream for a police officer . he then awkwardly walks over and makes some stupid statements and she falls for him . then after one date were they all go out together he falls in love with her and decides to get married in vegas in a week  s time     hello does anyone feel stupid yet  he goes out with thousands of women and he meets this one person who says about   words that we see on the screen and he wants to marry her . not only was there no chemistry it just doesn  t make sense . sure it  s a romantic comedy and i want to believe it could  but the direction made it completely flat .  br    br   now heather falls head over heels with her too and when heather graham and bridget moynahan  very shallow character  kiss or more to the point it was sloppiest kiss ever that chemistry might be there . i found it unromantic and unfunny and while many say heather cannot act i think the reality is heather was clearly the wrong person for this role .  br    br   this was sue kramer debut as a director and to me it was just too much for her to chew . it would take a lot of craft to make this movie work and imho it could be done with better writers and casting and direction .  
i watched this movie yesterday and was highly disappointed .  br    br   heather graham and tom cavanaugh basically had to carry this awkwardly unbelievable script for five hours  or however long it actually was  . from the beginning  every single element of this movie is unbelievable . this movie made me chuckle several times  but they were mainly out of shock that the director  writer actually expected us to believe the many messy scattered elements that attempted to piece this movie together .  br    br   the movie  s focus is gray  graham  and her issues with intimacy . things get interesting when she realizes that she and her brother have unexpectedly way too much in common .  br    br   interesting  intriguing . however  instead of unraveling this story into something believable and palatable  the director keeps taking gray into these ludicrous twists that never actually make any sense at all . being an lgbt individual  this movie seemed to echo what all heterosexuals think we go through in the coming  out process .  i  ll be insulted if the writer  s queer .  had it not been for the cute chemistry between cavanaugh and graham  which  by the way  was understandably forced   i would give it a negative  stars .  
the first half of this movie is a pure delight . novel . funny . wonderful performances . a close knit brother and sister living in manhattan fall for the same woman  adult . bright . witty . what more could you ask . as a romantic comedy this starts refreshing . it heads into unexplored territory . and then it falls apart .  br    br   it goes from being a universal adult comedy to a coming  of  age coming  out  of  the  closet story that has been done many times before . what a disappointment . as a people film it begins with such promise . why does it need to turn into such a pedestrian  i am who i am  film . the freeze  frame ending shot of heather graham  s jumping in the air to celebrate  her happiness at finding herself  underlines the banality of the last part of the film .  br    br   it could have been different . it could have been magical . it ended up being the same old same old .  
this is one of the worst movies i have seen this year . you should not see this movie but if you insist on wasting your time you should stop here  there are spoilers . gray matters centers on gray and sam baldwin  heather graham and tom cavanagh  . only gray and sam are brother and sister living together in everyone else  s eyes as man and wife . no sex but just about everything else . early on  the movie starts with its theme  the most absurd thing at the most absurd moment with you guessed it the most absurd reactions  . gray and sam decided to check out the dog park with a borrowed pooch . rather then push her brother to get the skinny on first woman they see for him  she does it and gets to the nitty  gritty questions too . when she signals her brother to come over they start a   way date . charlie  bridget moynahan  is the girl of their dreams  like all the right things etc sam final hits gray over the head and the couple finishes the date with a marriage proposal  that charlie accepts  in one week charlie  gray and sam are to be in vegas . in the next week charlie and gray are off shopping for wedding gowns  apparently charlie has an off  the  rack figure  . gray is slurping an iced latte when charlie suggests gray tries on some gowns as well and picks out a        frock for her . while charlie is zipping her in this  down  payment  on  a  house  gown gray continues to slurp on the latte  i swear it was like a feed bag  . what should happen but  woops   latte all over the gown . it is never explained how they got out of bloomingdale  s bridal salon with out a        mocha colored gown . back to  reality   caesar  s palace las vegas . they have the  high roller room   sam is a resident surgeon and charlie is an intern zoologist  were do they get all this money   gray kicks sam out to the single room down the hall so she and charlie can have a bachelorette drink  a  thon were  you guessed it  they kiss . gray remembers everything charlie remembers nada . they make it to wedding chapel and right when the reverend gets to his line  if there is anybody is here who has any objection whatsoever to the union of these two lovebirds  gray gets the hiccups . gray excuses herself  for some reason the reverend must repeat his last line and right on queue again  hiccups  . gray gets back to ny and starts dating any man she meets  literally . and of course one is you guessed it again  gay . the other is a jerk and the third is a taxi cab driver  alan cummings  named gordy . he is smittened with gray but the feelings are not returned . they become great friends . this is good because when she comes clean with sam about the kiss . he blows up and kicks her out of their apartment . when sam comes to his senses he goes to her office . gray works at an ad agency . this office is smack in the middle of the twilight zone . it has cameras and microphones in all the conference rooms that broadcast to all computer monitors at the agency . sam gets gray in one of the conference rooms for a not  so  private conversation and ends up outing her to the entire office . this is where i doubt that there was a gay man or lesbian on the crew gordy comes to her rescue and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar .  sorry no men  says the bouncer . so gray and gordy return with gordy in drag . bad drag . he was in a sleeveless black satin  like blouse  a string of pearls  and a grandma  s church hat . no lesbian would ever confuse this  man in a dress  as a drag queen much less a woman . the bar was also the straight man  s fantasy of what a lesbian bar is full of victoria  s secret models . everything turns out peachy  she goes home with her firm  s client . gray happens to be on the woman  s account and finally does more then kiss . for some reason no one tells charlie anything and she is oblivious through the whole movie of this kiss with gray  but that is for the sequel .  
i wish i  d known more about this movie when i rented it . i  d put it in my queue on the basis of heather graham and her strong cred as an actress  imho  . while parts of the movie were charming  much of the movie felt contrived  undeveloped  or otherwise just boring or predictable . not to mention the ick factor of so many people thinking the sibs were a couple . . . i don  t care how big a part of the story line that is  it still felt a bit  um  gross . and charlie  for a zoologist  she certainly doesn  t seem to be very attuned to signals from other homo sapiens . what was it about her  besides her hotness and some common interests  that made gray fall for her  the story could have been so much more interesting with a little more depth . high points  molly shannon  although i do agree with the reviewer who found her annoying on occasion   the cabbie in drag  and the dance sequences  if sam  gray were such great dancers  i wish we  d seen more of that  as the bits we were shown were indeed better than most of the rest of the movie  . could have been better .  
i had to walk out on this film fifteen minutes from the end . . . having passed through the cringe stage and into pure boredom . what really horrifies me  i mean truly disturbs me  is that there are people referring to this aimless drivel as  delightful  or a  must see .  i would feel deep pity for those so afflicted were it not for the distinct impression that most of the positive comments about this shallow and humourless travesty were written by industry plants .  br    br   the truth is this is a lame film that does nothing to entertain nor enlighten . it is decidedly unfunny  poorly scripted and has all the pace and energy of cold  canned rice pudding . to be kind to ms kramer  the best one can say is it was a missed opportunity  for having read the synopsis before i watched it  i had expected something more challenging . the possible misinterpretations of a close brother and sister co  dependence  the unexpected awakening of  sisterly  sexuality  and the comic potential in such sibling rivalry  for the affections of the same girl  were all obvious subjects for refreshing comedic exploration  yet which at every turn the movie frustratingly shies away from .  br    br   instead  the audience is subjected to a meandering series of uninspired and insipidly drawn situations  with clichd characterisations and dull performances from a cast struggling for belief and obviously in need of much tighter direction . the lack of directorial control seems astounding on the one hand  moynahan  cavanagh and spacek all give very pedestrian performances  while heather graham and molly shannon  the latter in particular  veer towards embarrassing over  compensation at times . one could lay the blame for this on the director  maybe sue kramer hopes that if her actors over  act  they will force a bigger laugh from the audience . but then again  the cast is a veteran one one would expect them to do better .  br    br   sue kramer really needs to think carefully what kind of movies she wants to make  and for whom . given the possible issues gray matters alludes to  and given her inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy  perhaps she should consider writing dramas instead . i know it is never easy to make films about women and women  s issues  especially when one hopes to reach a wider audience than women alone  but whatever direction she takes  inconsequential and flimsy characters like gray are not going to cut mustard .  
sam  thomas cavanagh  and gray  heather graham  are devoted siblings who share an apartment and a love of many things   ballroom dancing      s movie musicals and  much to their surprise  an attractive woman named charlie  bridget moynahan  . historically heterosexual  gray is confused by her new feelings .  br    br   gray matters proves to be one of the blandest films i have ever seen . it  s dull  predictable  unfunny  poorly acted and poorly written . nothing about it felt real and everything was very cheesy . also  this isn  t really a romantic comedy with a special twist but more of a  coming out  movie . sue kramer tried to make the first half cute with the romantic stuff and the second half serious with the actual acceptance and coming out part . unfortunately  she failed miserably . the first half was largely unfunny and only heather graham was able to hold it up a little . then  the film took an awkward tone and got all serious . the serious scenes were handled poorly and all of the emotions just felt phony .  br    br   i guess i would have enjoyed the film a little more if the relationships between the characters felt more authentic . the brother and sister relationship was very weak and they didn  t really appear to be that close . their relationship just didn  t feel very natural . also  the relationship between tom and bridget felt very unnatural . if two people are going to get married after only knowing each other for less than a week  then you would expect to see a little more excitement but the characters talked about getting married in vegas in the same manner of asking a waiter what the specials are . there was a lack of excitement in the film and it was hard to get involved with the movie with such unmotivated characters .  br    br   the acting was mostly weak which was a bit surprising given the decent cast . heather graham gave the only good performance in the movie . she was funny and had a few charming scenes but it  s too bad that all of her co  stars were complete duds . bridget moynahan was very weak and her performance ringed false on every level . also  it seemed like she was reading her lines . thomas cavanagh was pretty wooden and he showed nearly no emotion . the chemistry between thomas and heather was non existent and that damaged the film because their relationship felt phony . i can usually rely on molly shannon to be funny in a supporting role but here she was just annoying . sissy spacek had about two scenes and she was annoying in both of them . finally  alan cumming just had an embarrassing character and his performance wasn  t very good . overall  gray matters is a lame film and it isn  t worth watching . rating      
if there has ever been a worse comedy than  gray matters  i am unaware of it . the new york jewish comedy  s  funny  premise is that siblings sam  gray are mistaken for a couple and so decide to fix sam up with a girlfriend  only to find that gray is equally attracted to their target  charlie . the revelation that gray is secretly gay is apparently only a surprise to her . there is a deeply offensive wedding sequence  a deeply embarrassing  drunk act  from moynahan and graham  and a performance that would embarrass forests everywhere for its woodenness from tom cavanagh . sissy spacek demonstrates a complete inability to do comedy and will want this excised from her resume . molly shannon plays the homely friend with lumpen insouciance . only alan cumming emerges with any credit but is seriously under  employed and given nothing with which to work . the whole disaster is cemented by graham  s bizarre eye  rolling performance culminating with the penultimate scene where she wears a comedy hat and an overcoat despite the scene being set in a lesbian bar . it is astonishing that this film was ever released it has no redeeming feature and should be avoided at all costs .  
it was obvious that this movie is designed to appeal to the chick flick audience  to which i have sat through quite a few and enjoyed most . however  this was a very irritating attempt by heather graham to become the next meg ryan  who became annoying as hell in her own right  . her acting was overdone and it appeared that she was overanxious compared to her colleagues who were relaxed in their roles . this film might have been more  as there was suitable budget for settings  actors and a decent story line . my wife and i both agreed that this was  muck  at the end  as the film ended on a painful embarrassing high  better luck next time  hope miss graham sticks to the type of films that she belongs in like from hell .  
even    years later  ninja mission stands out as the worst movie i ever managed to sit through . scandanavian ninjas silently enter a scene  fire their obnoxiously noisy sub  machine guns with wild abandon  and then silently leave . wow  how will we find those silent invisible assassins  just follow the shell casings and smoke  painfully bad dialog  or was it brilliant and just poorly translated    not an asian in sight in the cast  and a whopping total of  asians among the stunt crew . the plot is ridiculous  the acting pretty much non  existent  then again  ninja can  t act  save yourselves  avoid watching at all costs   
otherwise it is one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen  and i mean ever . my wife and i were both bored out of our minds within   minutes . not to mention being boring  it is entirely unbelievable . women  non  lesbian  don  t bathe together  nor do they  accidentally  kiss . brothers and sisters don  t live together well into their   s and run around swing dancing together and engaging in footraces in central park . men don  t find out their wife and sister romantically kissed the night before the wedding and then never discuss it with said wife . absolutely ridiculous .  br    br   heather graham is possibly the worst actress in films today . she smiles when she should be crying and vice versa . the only movie she has ever been good in is boogie nights  and that is because she wasn  t acting .  br    br   i cannot stress enough how bad this movie was .  
after a promising first   minutes that makes you feel all warm inside  you  re pretty convinced that this will be a great romantic comedy . then the movie takes a turn for the worse .  br    br   the warm feeling might still be there  but as others has said the plot becomes so unbelievable and artificial that it  s almost unbearable to watch .  br    br   the movie gets sped up  and you get the impression that you  re either fast forwarding through it  or that the producers decided to fit it in less than  h   m and had to cut a lot of scenes out .  br    br   realism isn  t a goal onto itself  but as a viewer  i  m pretty convinced that this comedy isn  t intentionally unrealistic  it just happens to be .  br    br   on the plus side  this movie has a couple of nice interiors  and despite the bad script  i think that the actors performances are mainly good . if i could rate the first   minutes only  i  d probably give it an eight . as it is now  it gets a four . . . . and that  s being nice   br    br   if you  re a sucker for romantic comedies you  ll probably have a great time anyways . if not  i  d recommend that you watch something else .  
this was one of the worst movies i  ve ever seen . horrible acting  not funny at all  and well just boring .  br    br   i can only assume all these   out of   fav . all time movie comments are actually the actors themselves in disguise .  br    br   idk what the runtime on this movie is i  m sure its listed on this page it certainly felt like an eternity  br    br   if your looking for a tough challenge  attempt to sit through this awful movie .  br    br   otherwise  br    br   don  t waste your time as i did on this one  
here  s one you can watch with a straight face  with a script so bad  even will ferrell wouldn  t be in it .  br    br   there are two laughs in hot rod .  br    br    . the punch  dance . rod  needs to go to his quiet place  and before anyone can say kevin bacon  he is footloosing a passionate  overwrought bodyswerve to the strains of a band who wishes they had the big  hair faux  metal chops of europe .  br    br    . john farnham  s you  re the voice . in one of those epic sequences where the star and his cohorts do the slomo walk down main street and the townfolk follow on their heels in support  the soundtrack is the gag . how did the film  makers even come across this aussie recording artist  a major australian vocalist  and a genuine talent  who shot to fame in the early    s covering raindrops keep fallin  on my head  then disappeared until     for the big comeback with you  re the voice  john farnham  s anthem is so bewitchingly cheesy  it leveled mountains in switzerland .  br    br   besides these two high points in the film  both ruined anyway with the slipshod writing  the rest of the film is like choking on someone else  s vomit .  br    br   andy samberg is rod  a failed stunt jumper who has never made a jump . maybe it  s got something to do with the fact he  s driving a moped into the heart of darkness . or his fake mustache . yeh  someone actually thought that was funny .  br    br   without one jump under his starry belt  he plans for a    bus extravaganza  which would surely kill a lesser bad comedian  like jason biggs or rob schneider  to win the day and save his stepfather and simultaneously wipe out cancer and whatever . . . who watches these movies for plot anyway  along the way  as usual for moronic leads in these comedies   he scores a salubrious chick  isla fisher   who must surely be retarded to consider swapping chromosomes with this loser .  br    br   sissy spacek  carrie       has so little to do she almost phoned in her performance  then changed her mind and just hung up . ian mcshane must  ve lost a bet to be here .  
snl is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a short skit on snl is a little dumb minded . it  s nothing like snl  it  s just a stupid piece of crap .  br    br   andy samberg tries to act like jon heder but fails . although jon heder is only funny in napoleon dynamite andy tries his hardest and people think he  s funny .  br    br   only funny people in the movie were danny mcbride and bill hader . the only part that was decently funny with andy was the pool part .  br    br   they could have made the  quiet place  a lot better if they didn  t make the falling scene  freaking minutes .  br    br   the part where he  s pronouncing his h  s more is retarded . they try going with it too long and half the time it looks like andy is laughing while he acts . . . he  s a horrible actor and doesn  t deserve to be in a movie .  br    br   this movie is a joke and is for the simple minded people with the brain of a   year old level of comedy . which is about half the united states .  
i  ve seen a lot of crap in my day  but goodness  hot rod takes the cake . i saw a free screening in ny the other night . i can only hope they show the funny version to the paying customers . the big laughs were sparse  the plot was uninteresting  and the characters were one dimensional at best . one highlight is a hilarious dancing scene with adam samberg . it was priceless and was the only scene i truly had a hearty laugh at . other than that  i can only recollect randomness and dead air . snl  samberg fans may be disappointed . i know i was expecting more from it . but it short  i definitely would not recommend attending a free screening or paying to watch this film .  
my family and i screened underdog the night before . and as bad as underdog is  my four year old loved it   hot rod makes it look like oscar worthy material . the only thing that could have saved this movie  was if evel himself had come out of retirement to slap samberg in the face for making this movie . i will admit however  that the soundtrack was good . i wasn  t sure if the movie was set in the    s  but with the majority of the music coming from europe  who knows . if i were you  i would take a pass . and just stay at home and watch the test pattern on your local tv station . or if you are dead set on watching this  people under the influence might enjoy it .  
quite possibly the worst movie i  ve ever seen i was ready to walk out after the first ten minutes . the only people laughing in the theater were the tweeners . don  t get me wrong  i love silly  stupid movies just as much as the next gal  but the whole premise  writing and humor stunk . it seemed to me that they were going for a  napoleon dynamite  feel  strange and random scenes which would lead to a cult audience . instead  it ended up being forced  awkward and weird .  br    br   the only bright light was isla fisher and i just felt utterly awful that she  and sissy spacek  had signed up for this horrible thing .  br    br   thank gosh i didn  t pay for it .  
by no means is this movie as bad as  perfect stranger   but it just wasn  t funny . it couldn  t stick to one type of comedy  it jumped from snl  to adam sandler  esquire  to romantic  to little guy scores big  to slapstick  to  loser   the movie  types of comedies . although there were some pretty funny slapstick moments  the fall down the hill   no one was very particularly funny or outstanding in any way .  schindler  s list  was funnier  and felt shorter  . you never knew if andy samberg was supposed to be in high school  a college dropout  or just a loser living at home with his mother  sissy spacek  in her worst choice of roles . and poor ian mcshane  the serious actor if i only had to name one  is given crap to read into the camera . the story drags and is completely predictable up to and including the end  no spoilers here in case adam samberg  s mom wants to see it  . don  t spend any money going to see this movie  and maybe lorne michaels will get the hint and start producing quality  yes  wayne  s world and tommy boy are quality  movies .  
when viewing a movie as silly as  hot rod   one must sit back  relax  and alter one  s intellectual capacity to a like state  which is  in this case  a state dimwitted enough to endure brainless drivel that has somehow been mistaken for comedy . with a brief runtime of   minutes  this film was long past drawn  out and buried itself beneath a bundle of repetitive jokes  jokes that came at a minority and weren  t even funny in the first place .  hot rod   s base material is as superficial and irrelevant as      s cult hit  napoleon dynamite   though it  s much more contrived and comes without any of the laughter . in fact  the movie  s blatant desperation to be compared to  napoleon dynamite  is scornful and offensive  and left me ticked off  instead of just being annoyed .  br    br   the movie  if one were compelled enough to call it such  poses a paltry story that puts self  proclaimed stuntman rod kimble before us  with the trifling intention of jumping fifteen buses  one more than his idol evel knievel jumped  so we  re told by rod  and raising        dollars for his stepfather  s impending life  saving heart operation all so that he can fight his stepfather  once recovered  and gain his respect because in order to gain one  s respect  one must first fight them . huh  whatever . each character is no more interesting than rod  s stick  on mustache  and from the film  s opening joke to its ridiculous conclusion  each scene played like a nonsensical  and terribly unfunny  snl skit  which  with the addition of an extra   minutes  is  essentially  what  hot rod  strives to be .  br    br   the film  s star  andy samberg  contributed an effort to the screen that observably exerted every last drip  drop of his comedic capabilities . unfortunately  rather  realistically  his humorous talents are no more admirable than a five  year  old retelling his own exhausted joke that somewhere includes the innocently crude poop and pee  pee gags . and if that  s disappointing  pull a chair  hide your face in your hands  and brace yourself for the real blow he is the film  s humor  to rescue them of their mortification  i  ll willingly omit the ghastliness of samberg  s co  stars  roles and leave the second third of the lonely island team  director akiva schaffer  to his non  existent talent as a director or a comedian . basically  every thing one could possibly do to further trample a crash  course comedy is perfectly portrayed here and done so arrogantly  as though the film would be funnier that way . trick yourself into believing that there  s even a single laugh in this heap  or treat yourself to another movie  any other movie .  
recap doctor markov has developed a new theory how to produce energy  knowledge that might unbalance the world . he keeps his knowledge coded and secret and desperately wants out of the soviet union . kgb on the other side desperately wants the new technology . so  they sets a scheme in motion . during a rescue attempt to free markov  kgb steps in  takes markov to a secret location and lures him to reveal his secret by saying they are in sweden  and working for the un . as a backup  kgb kidnaps markov  s estranged daughter . cia now send their best agents  a team of  swedish   ninjas to thwart kgb and rescue markov and his daughter .  br    br   comments a cult movie that despite not being very good needs seeing . the movie is quite ambitious but lacking in many areas . first off is that it is very dark  probably to conceal locations and bad effects  that some scenes are hard to comprehend . you can  t see what is happening . the second thing that it is lacking is martial arts  despite being a ninja  movie . sure there are some  of quite poor quality  but mostly the ninjas fires automatic guns or sets of explosions . the automatic guns pose a problem too as they seem to have a endless supply of ammunition . and the ninjas seem almost immune to bullets while soviet guards die like flies .  br    br   what does it have that speaks for it then  the idea and ambition foremost . some actually  and especially for a swedish movie  decent action  scenes albeit not of martial arts . some nice slow  motion scenes and pretty much blood and gore . and some very interesting new weapons technology that makes the victims heart or brain explode . mostly all parts that you look for in a b  movie .  br    br   because it definitely is a b  movie  no mistake could be made there . but if you expect it  and watch it like a b  movie  it is entertaining . but don  t forget  it is not only a b  movie it is set in the eighties . some girls  for example  besides wearing . . . lets say  interesting  clothes  have lethal doses of eye shadow and makeup .  br    br   in all  see for the cult status and the ambition . enjoy it  and then forget it .  br    br        
i got to see an early preview of this movie and i hope they have time to edit it in what ever way they can to improve on it before it comes out aug  rd . it stars andy samberg from saturday night live as  hot  rod kimble . he  s plays a teenager in a small town who wants to be a stunt man like his late father . when we meet him  he  s jumping a mail truck on his mo  ped  yes  a mo  ped  and almost makes it . this would be worthy of a  jackass  movie if he wasn  t honestly trying to do this . isla fisher plays the slightly older and much more mature girl  next  door  denise . she seems to like rod enough to join his  crew  . jorma taccone  also snl  plays his half brother  kevin  who documents the stunts with a camcorder . sissy spacek plays rod  s mom  marie . she remarried frank powell  played by ian mcshane . frank  s a real tough guy who enjoys beating rod in some real drag out brawls . it  s clear that rod  s not going to earn frank  s respect till he can beat him . we find out frank needs a        . heart transplant and rod is determined to raise the money just so he  can beat his ass  once he  s healed  and prove himself a man . a long fall down a mountain side convinces rod to  go big  on one stunt . rod sets out to get seed money by charging for doing stunts that would make you cringe if you saw them in real life . like the human torch  at a children  s birthday party . there were those at the showing who managed to laugh at most of the stunts . just when all hope and money is lost  along comes a sponsor who saves the day by getting the   school buses rod wants to jump . he gets exclusive broadcast rights and sets up phone lines to get donations . rod gets a new outfit and a real motorcycle . the whole town turns out and the world tunes in . does he make the jump  does he get the girl  do they raise the    k  does frank get his ass beat by rod  wait till this   minute movie comes out on video to find out .  
alright  friends  a serious movie buff is expected to watch all kinds of movie  the bad as well as the good  and this movie put me to the test . i won  t mince words . this movie was bad . the story was bad . the acting was bad . the always wonderful sissy spacek did nothing to make this movie better . indeed i asked myself why did i even bother to see this rotten trashy movie  why did i waste my time and money on something that i suspected would be bad  the answer is  of course  that i am a movie buff and therefore cannot avoid what otherwise should be avoided . i will not waste your time explaining what exactly was wrong with this amateurish movie  except to say that the quality of the acting was  to put it politely  subpaar . a serious movie buff may want to take on the responsibility of watching this movie . otherwise . stay home  don  t waste your time  read a book  take take of chores or have yourself a good sandwich .  
if i could have rated this movie by  i would have  i see some ppl at imdb says that this is the funniest movie of the year  etc etc excuse me  are you ppl snorting lsd or . . . . . . . .  there is absolutely nothing funny about this movie n o t h i n g  i actually want my   minutes back of my life that i spent watching this piece of crap .  br    br   i read someone sitting on an airplane watching this movie stopped watching after   minutes  i totally understand that  i actually would have watched snakes on a plane for  times over instead of watching this movie once   br    br   do not watch this movie  do something else useful with your life do the dishes  walk the dog  hell . . . anything is better than spending time in front of the tv watching hot rod .  
this movie is one of the worst comedy movies i have ever seen . i hate these napoleon dynamite rip  offs . just face it people the dumb humor has been mastered already . make something new for once . all these new comedies are just horrible . and coming out of snl andy samberg is not ready for a lead role yet . i hope he can bounce back from this awful movie . and will arnetts character is just plain bad . hey will  did you read the script . the plot is truly the worst ever written . now you tell me if this is weird .  this is the movie  rod kimble  s step dad frank is dying and the family needs        to pay for the heart surgery so rod is planning this huge jump to raise money for frank . only so that rod can beat frank in a fight and prove his manliness . yes thats the movie  you tell me  would u spend   .   to see that piece of crap   br    br       just horrible  br    br    adam  
so i had low expectations for this movie to start with  but it failed to meet even those . while there were some funny parts  even one or two laugh out loud parts  this movie fell terribly short of what i would call good . the funniest jokes were unexpected and over very quickly  leaving us sitting there going  wtf just happened   in addition  there were a few jokes that just dragged on and on and on . the part where he falls down the mountain had me yawning . also  the editing was really lacking . there were some poor scene transitions  but that seems to be the style nowadays . it made me laugh  but i wouldn  t watch it again  and i  m very glad i waited for it to rent . give it a chance  you might enjoy it  but don  t think you are in for anything along the lines of the   year old virgin  or superbad .  
first off  to give you some idea of my taste in movies . . .  br    br       comedies i enjoyed superbad  knocked up  hot fuzz  blades of glory  br    br       comedies i hated evan almighty  the brothers solomon  good luck chuck  br    br   i should have followed my first instinct and turned off  hot rod  after i got to about the   minute mark . i knew by that point that this movie would not make me laugh once . the script is absolutely brutal  i have no idea how this monstrosity managed to crack  on imdb . any one older than   years old who enjoyed this must be some kind of mental defective .  br    br   this doesn  t come close to anything with will farrell and it  s clear that andy samberg can  t carry anything longer than a  to   minute sketch on youtube or snl . i don  t know how they roped ian mcshane and isla fisher into doing this movie . . . they must have owed favors or something . i came in knowing that it would be a dumb movie  but i thought it would at least be funny . i didn  t so much as smirk .  br    br   i don  t normally comment on movies at imdb  but this was so awful  i just had to warn people . this is only the  th movie i  ve seen that i  ve felt compelled to rate     .  
this is one of those movies which makes you think would hulk  the real american  hogan have done the same  frankly i don  t think so and he  d have been right . i  m italian  i cannot go proud of my country for many reasons  but i wouldn  t have rowed for another team  the french  for example   simply because i  m in love with juliette binoche . besides the protagonist doesn  t fall in love desire with a british girl at the end of the movie but with a fellow countrywoman  so why rowing against yale . as far as acting is concerned  well  all the players act very poorly . and then  you know  i hated that  dead poets society  atmosphere . in fact that  s another movie i hate .  
ok . i know that the wanna  be john hughes movies of the   s were all unilaterally flat  so the expectations for this film ran pretty low .  br    br   still  after sitting through this crap there  s one key thing i can  t seem to get out of my head  br    br   i just sat through an   s rob lowe movie that had no nudity and only hints of sex in them .  br    br   the acting is awful  the characters boring and flat  the portrayal of oxford an absolute insult  and the rowing scenes unexciting  uneventful  and inaccurate .  br    br   unless you  ve got some wierd ally sheedy or amanda pays  or i guess  rob lowe  fetish  there  s really no reason to see this one .  
i can fondly remember bo derek  s heyday and the uk press attention  the mucky sun  news of the world papers especially   all following her small role in     with dudley moore . understandably  much fuss was made of her photogenic face  crystal clear blue eyes and her perfectly formed bouncing breasts .  br    br   unfortunately  acting is  and never was  her forte  i think they should make one of the triple disc collections you always find in the bargain dvd bins  orca  tarzan the ape  man and bolero . all these films could be nominated for the  so bad they are great  .  br    br   it would be a guilty  must buy  of mine  should you ever read your press  or this comment ms derek  please do not be offended  always had a soft spot for you and there are more important things going on in the world to worry about than your acting ability . much love . x  
whale  hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale .  br    br   a group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail  fin . the whale  s mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female  s unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck .  captain nolan   richard harris  could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say   get out of town before high  tide .   br    br   this story of revenge has harris  presence and bo  s beauty  but not much else . this was bo  s first  released  film  though her first acting job was four years previous in  and once upon a love  released in     as  fantasies   directed by john derek  .  br    br   p . s . today  the date of this review  november     is bo derek  s birthday . i hope bo has a  whale  of a good time . . . . . get it  . . . . . whale  . . . . . hee  hee .  
not much to say beyond the summary  save that this is an example of j . edgar  s hoover  s constant attention to maintaining a good  pr  profile . they don  t make movies this bad very often  especially with the likes of jimmy stewart and vera miles in the blend . too bad .  br    br    
fairly amusing piece that tries to show how smart orcas are but in the meanwhile  and quite oblivious to them  makes the audience feel stupid by making the most ridiculous film . richard harris plays quint . . i  m sorry  that  s wrong  he plays captain nolan  a fisherman who catches sharks for a living  but is lured by the big catch  and tries to catch a killer whale . when the capture of a female killer whale goes awry  don  t ask  it  s mate  don  t ask  goes on a rampage  don  t ask  and starts stalking captain nolan  don  t ask  . soon  captain nolan realizes that they have something in common  don  t ask  . pretty amazing film  making here folks . i got to tell you though  the beginning  with the whale noises and nothing much else  is pretty haunting and the end credits  with the most godawful song  is pretty entertaining .  
please do not waste     hours of your life watching this movie  just don  t . especially if someone is fortunate to be snoozing at the side of you . damn cheek if you ask me . i waited for something to happen  it never did . i am not one of those people to stop watching a movie part way through . i always have to see it through to the end . what a huge mistake . do yourself a favour and go and paint a wall and watch it dry  far more entertaining . please do not waste     hours of your life watching this movie  just don  t . especially if someone is fortunate to be snoozing at the side of you . damn cheek if you ask me . i waited for something to happen  it never did . i am not one of those people to stop watching a movie part way through . i always have to see it through to the end . what a huge mistake . do yourself a favour and go and paint a wall and watch it dry  far more entertaining .  
i like monster movies  generally . even if they are implausible and silly . but its hard to like this movie when its so implausible and silly and tries to take itself seriously all at the same time . like in a really posh kind of way .  br    br   while the idea is somewhat factual  like orcas are known for killing great white sharks  its really hard to find it scary when i can  t help but just see an angry shamoo destroying stuff . especially that one scene where some building exploded cause of the orca  s doing . . . and while it explodes  the thing jumps out of the water and it felt like i was watching a show at sea world with fireworks . plus they kill a lot of the scary moments before they even hint that they  re going to happen . on top of that  it takes a few jabs at jaws . its like  hey look  we  re being factual and we can come up with better reasons why the orca is attacking  .  br    br   yes you are  ignoring your outrageous  ups in logic of course . but jaws had one thing your movie doesn  t . its scary . yes its implausible . yes its somewhat outrageous . but quite frankly  factual or not  a killer shark is not close to being as scary as a great white . and the poor attempt at character development and writing just hurts it more . even jaws the revenge is scarier than this .  
this is only a response to the yahoo who says this movie is more realistic than the classic  genre defining masterpiece  jaws . yes  brainiac  great whites  and other species of shark  bull  black  tip  oceanic white  tip  tiger  have been known to populate areas where easy prey is found . humans don  t often make it onto that menu  granted  but the shark in the film was repeatedly pointed out to be exhibiting abnormal behavior . it  s not like it  s never happened . the odds of a killer whale destroying nearly a whole town  singling out a human nemesis  sinking several dozen thick hulled north atlantic fishing boats and knowing when certain people  all friends of the aforementioned  nemesis   are close enough to the water for it to reach  are so slim as to be laughable . much like this turd of a jaws knock  off . laughable . great white sharks are also known to frequently chew on boats  protective underwater cages and people on rafts and surfboards  as they look like seals from below . a shark the size of bruce  if you don  t know  look it up  would be more than capable of sinking a boat like the orca  hey  that  s the name of the blatant rip  off we  re discussing    as it would weigh upwards of      lbs . i could go on  but i don  t need to . jaws is amazing  better acting  better effects  better music  better writing   orca is crap  blatant rip  off of jaws  lousy writing  abominable effects  most ridiculous plot this side of an olson twins flick  . it doesn  t take a masters from columbia university to see that . watch better movies .  
while i don  t claim to be any sort of expert in marine life  i must say anyone with a modicum of intelligence could not possibly buy in to this notion of a whale  and not even the mother   having a clue about revenge because it witnessed his dead mate having a forced abortion by humans  i mean  really  this is basically the whole plot . richard harris must have been extremely hard up for roles to have accepted this junk . this is the kind of movie that is so bad that if you paid   cents to see it  you would feel like demanding your money back .  
without a doubt  this is one of the worst pictures i ever actually paid money to see  the kind of flick you choose out of desperation at the mall cinema during a christmas holiday when you have missed the start times for anything good but still are dead set on seeing a movie  and that is exactly how i came to see this stink bomb . . .  br    br   at the distance of the better part of three decades i can still smell the rotting fish that constitute this story line . unbelievable plot  that a killer whale carries a grudge against an individual not of the sea  is laughable . and that  s about all  except for a completely out  of  place  love theme  that plays over the finish of a film devoid of a love story . at least charlotte rampling is lovely  in a two dimensional role  but richard harris just chews up the scenery . he was no captain quint  robert shaw  and this is no  jaws  . mercifully  i have put most of it out of mind and when i run across it on television air casts i move on immediately .  danger  will robinson   see the current t . v . commercial showing a husband and wife whale  watching   orca  i love orca . . .    at least it is over in sixty seconds . this flick represents   minutes of my life that i will never get back .  
this film can  t make up its mind whether its message is  humans are evil and bad and animals are sweet and blameless  or  don  t ever go in the water again .  a fisherman  nolan  is out to nab a killer whale  a very bad thing  but when he accidentally  accidentally mark you  hits a pregnant cow instead of her mate  the cow   and i use the word in all senses   who is obviously a sick psycho  bitch and the canonical villain of the piece   throws herself against the propellers trying to chew herself to bits in the most distressing and hideous not to mention ineffectual method of killing herself .  i doubt it was her first .  when her unborn fetus aborts from her hideous self  inflicted wounds  her mate goes mental with revenge and swears to hurt  kill and mutilate every human who even so much as talks to nolan . obviously as among humans  total psychos date other total psychos .  br    br   the film reeks of half  thought out anti  human message   the poor poor whale   the evil men must suffer and die   and yet  it does not succeed in demonizing nolan at all . it  s true that when he set out his motives were selfish and cruel  but at the first squeal of the first whale he grows a heart and  as the film progresses  he grows more and more compassionate to the whale  s pain until it seems he will walk out on the ice and give himself to the whale  just to make it feel a little better .  br    br   the films final journey  in which nolan follows the whale on a bizarre journey to the north  reminds me of melville  s eerie man  whale connection  and for a moment hinted at a truly interesting conclusion  where these two husbands might connect  understand even respect each other in their own grief  for nolan lost his wife and unborn child also to an accident . it  s clear nolan respects the whale and feels for its loss . however  it never goes there . the whale  character has no compassion or respect for anyone .  br    br   the final scene loses this focus and becomes jaws  like where the sea  monster finally kills everybody and nolan and no  doubt through an oversight  fails to chomp up the whale  hugger  tho he made a good snap for her head a little earlier .  i love animals  and i detest whaling  and what is more i love orca whales  but if this film  s goal was to make me feel that the whale was the victim and that people are evil and detestable it completely failed . nolan shows compassion and growth  and feels for others  and all the whale thinks about is killing and maiming .  br    br   the only message one can walk away with is  if you see an orca whale  ever  anywhere  run the other way cause if you step on his fin the wrong way  he will hunt you to the ends of the earth destroying everything around you .   
many have stated that orca  killer whale is a jaws rip  off . this is not really true  though the enormous commercial success of jaws undoubtedly made these man . vs . beast stories more attractive propositions for film  makers in the second half of the    s . orca  killer whale would be better described as a modern  day retread of moby dick . it  s a story about obsession . on one hand a whale  s obsessive quest to avenge the death of its mate on the other a bounty hunter  s obsessive quest to kill the whale before it can claim any more lives . sadly  orca  killer whale emerges a very disappointing film  its fundamentally interesting ideas somewhat ruined by hammy performances and preposterous plotting .  br    br   shark hunter nolan  richard harris  encounters a marine  life researcher rachel bedford  charlotte rampling  diving off the atlantic coast of canada . their meeting almost ends in disaster when rachel  s team are attacked by a great white shark  but a killer whale arrives in the nick of time to stop the shark . after this  nolan becomes increasingly obsessed with capturing a killer whale and selling it to an aquarium . but his plans backfire when he accidentally kills a pregnant female of the species while the distraught male looks on . rachel tells nolan that a killer whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with a strong memory and feelings just like a human . worse still  native umilak  will sampson  warns him that the whale will always remember its grief and do everything it can to have revenge . nolan initially tries to forget about the whole regrettable incident  but the whale causes havoc in the fishing town and the disgruntled locals begin to demand that nolan puts to sea to track it down and destroy it . eventually nolan is forced to pursue the killer whale the hunt leads all the way to the desolate ice floes of the arctic ocean  where man and beast play out their final fatal battle against each other .  br    br   two things stand out in this film . one is the haunting score by ennio morricone  perhaps the greatest composer of film music of all  time  his talents wasted on various tenth  rate clunkers during the   s and   s  . the other is the amazing widescreen photography of ted moore  which makes the film consistently pleasing to the eye . in every other department  orca  killer whale is a shoddy film that does nothing to enhance the reputation of its talented cast and crew . harris appears extremely ill throughout the film  his hair bedraggled  black rings around his eyes and skin deathly pale . his performance lacks the usual vitality . rampling strikes a lot of sexy poses but fails to convince with her long  winded and ill  informed explanations about the ways of whales . the rest of the actors are wasted in brief and undeveloped roles  the most memorable of which sees bo derek getting her leg bitten off by the vengeful whale . the plot is total nonsense from start to finish  with such preposterous sequences as the whale deliberately starting a fire in the fishing village that engulfs and destroys the local refinery  although it  s credible to suppose that whales are intelligent creatures with genuine emotions  the idea that a whale could plot revenge against a single human adversary and carry it out so calculatedly is utterly absurd . orca  killer whale is really one for completists of the man . vs . beast cycle from the late   s . most will come away from the film shaking their heads in disbelief and grinding their teeth with despair .  
i don  t know who got the idea that orcas go around killing people and bashing and destroying things for revenge but my god is it absurd . orcas are most definitely not the cold  blooded killer this movie makes them out to be . . . its silly . orcas are extremely intelligent  don  t get me wrong  but i highly doubt they know and understand a concept such as revenge . so i have to say all i got out of this movie was the entertainment of how preposterous it was . so i was at least somewhat amused by it . personally  i  d recommend going and seeing jaws if you  re wanting to see an animal  killing  humans type of movie . but if you  re like me and want to laugh at something this far from realism then i  d say go ahead . d  
orca is not exactly bad  but it  s not really richard harris  s finest hour either . as a demented  ahab  like fisherman  harris gets into a game of death with a vengeful killer whale after killing the whale  s  wife  and unborn child . charlotte rampling plays a whale expert who gets involved with harris . she yells at him a lot about how important it is to leave nature alone . he doesn  t listen and somehow ends up in the arctic battling the revenge crazed whale . there are no special effects to speak of except for what looks like a round mirror for a whale  s eye    there are endless shots of harris reflected in the eye so the audience understands that the whale knows who he is . bo derek  as one of harris  s crew has a particularly unpleasant run in with the orca and most of the supporting cast  including robert carridine  will sampson and keenan wynn don  t fare very well either .  
this movie certainly proves  that also the good americans can do terribly good propaganda . no questions being asked  no comments being made on power abuse or police terror  when james stewart  solid and convincing as always  solves all the stories from dillinger to  th column more or less singlehandedly . june allyson as his regular love interest holds up the family values and e . j . hoover is executive producer . and children or non guilty bystanders are never harmed  when the professionals execute . not to speak of civil rights  which are never broken or homes  which are never intruded . and if the fbi service would not be enough  steward also gives his son  s life for the country in ww ii . perfectly made  if you wouldn  t know better . . . .  
orca starts as crusty irish sea captain nolan  richard harris   his crew are trying to capture a great white shark so they can sell it for big bucks  unfortunately when a hapless marine biologist called ken  robert carradine  comes under attack from it the shark is killed by a killer whale  this raises nolan  s interest in killer whales  decides he want  s to catch one of them instead . however while trying to do so he catches a pregnant female  injuries it to the extent she aborts her unborn foetus on deck which makes a mess  enrages her mate  nolan orders the whale be dumped back in the sea which is what happens . the male killer whale is annoyed to say the least  kills one of nolan  s crew before they reach the dry land of newfoundland in canada  once there the killer whale conducts a series of attacks on the town  it  s people in an effort to lure nolan back out to sea for a fight to the death . . .  br    br   directed by michael anderson i thought this blatant rip  off was terrible  i  m sorry but i thought it was just plain ridiculous  utterly dull even at a modest   odd minutes . the script by producer luciano vincenzoni  sergio donati is so stupid i  m lost for words  the fact that it seems to take itself very seriously doesn  t help  if i have to listen to charlotte rampling go on about how intelligent killer whale  s are just one more time i  ll scream . i  m sorry but i simply don  t believe a killer whale is intelligent enough to know who any particular boat belongs to  sink it  i don  t believe a killer whale can cause a huge explosion including knocking an oil lantern from a wall on the opposite side it hits as there is no way on earth it could know it was there  i don  t believe a killer whale can identify someone  s house  know someone is in there  then wreck it on purpose  i don  t believe a killer whale can move icebergs around in order to trap a boat  i don  t believe killer whales can physically recognise people  i don  t believe it has any revenge instincts or at least none that are as strong as this dumb film makes out . maybe i  m being a bit harsh  i mean it  s only a film after all but it  s a film which is trying to be serious  things just got so ridiculous that i was half expecting the killer whale to write a letter to nolan to tell him his plan  hand  or should that be fin   deliver it  the thing seemed intelligent enough to do just about anything else . they should have asked it to come up with a cure for the common cold  seriously  that  s a statement that  s no more far fetched than anything else in this film . i found the film very boring  totally dull  had awful character  s with no on screen presence at all . it goes without saying this is a jaws       rip  off which doesn  t even come close to spielberg  s classic .  br    br   director anderson is no spielberg that  s for sure  this rubbishy film has absolutely no suspense  scares  tension or atmosphere at all . all the attack scenes are as dull as dishwater  totally forgettable  there  s no build up to them  virtually no pay off either as orca doesn  t get to eat a single person . then there  s the scenes which literally had me laughing  the shots of the killer whale appearing to cry are pure comedy  the opening scenes of the two killer whales i suspect tried to show them as a  loving    caring  couple but i couldn  t help but think that this is the closest we  ll ever get to killer whale porn  hilarious stuff . the footage of the killer whales themselves is bland  boring  instead of footage which matches  enhances the scenes around it it just looks like dreary wildlife documentary footage that has little connection to anything else . do you get the impression that i don  t like this film  good . forget about any gore or decent deaths either  there  s a brief scene when bo derek has her legs bitten off but blink and you  ll miss it .  br    br   this probably had quite a big budget  it still sucks  there  s nothing outstanding about orca  it  s well made i suppose but flat  bland  totally forgettable . the cinematography is quite nice though . the acting is bad  rampling is awful  the late harris  irish accent is embarrassing .  br    br   orca is a lame jaws rip  off which completely ignores or messes up everything that made spielberg  s film so good  this is one for bad movie lovers everywhere . definitely not recommended although not quite as bad as jaws the revenge       .  
is it a coincidence that orca was made two years after jaws  orca isn  t exactly a  jaws rip off  but it is obvious that it tried to profit from jaws  s success . first of all orca in my opinion was a bad movie  not terrible but definitely not good  average at best .  br    br   the plot is basically a male killer whale  orca  after seeing its mate and its unborn calf killed by a fisherman seeks revenge . i couldn  t stand to watch this movie again . the direction of this film is poor and when compared to jaws it looks like the director  producers  and writers were almost talentless .  br    br   as for the acting  it was very average and believable  however the actual characters aren  t the least bit likable . the effects were alright for its time and the footage of the killer whale looked pretty good .  br    br   the violence is confusing  bloody  and not recommended for more sensitive people . the music is overdone and very loud  drowning out the sound effects and irritating at times . i hated the way they exaggerated the intelligence of the killer whale  killer whales don  t mate with only one mate as depicted in orca  .  br    br   overall this movie was bad  poor in my opinion  because of the reasons listed above . some people may appreciate this film more because of the concept of vengeance amongst animals and humans so i  m not going to bash this movie and i can understand why some people may like it .  br    br   my rating  .      but for its concept possibly a       
everything about this film was terrible . to start with this film had a pretty good cast and i find it impossible to make such a great cast into the biggest disaster to the gangster film genre ever . the sound track was like one of a very bad slap stick comedy . it had this music through the whole film and it started to get quite irritating .  br    br   please please please please please do not inflict yourself with this disaster you will only be hurt  
definitely not worth the rental  but if you catch it on cable  you  ll be pleasantly surprised by the cameos   iman  s appearance is especially self  deprecating . it  s also an opportunity to watch all the male supporting cast members from the sopranos typecast themselves .  
this relic of a short film starts with a teen going through the process of attempting to get a driver  s license . it quickly becomes sidetracked with just about every imaginable topic relating to cars .  br    br   such things as dune buggies  drag racing  custom paint jobs and car shows are discussed . it often attempts to be humorous but instead the film is dull  drawn out and even sexist at times . none of the people in the film are actually heard . instead  everything is done in narration and voiceovers . sorry  but i can  t stand that .  br    br   there is nothing educational or interesting about  dad  can i borrow the car   . it  s just another piece of mindless filler to take up time on their  wonderful world of disney  tv show .      
a movie that makes you want to throw yourself on a sword . i  ve seen schlock in my time but after viewing the wretched mess i don  t think i can ever watch a another movie again . may god pity the souls who made this .  br    br   premise  ex  army quiet stud  underwear model type character  well acted actually  goes looking for the girl who sent him a xmas card while serving in the military . lands in with her cabin living  granola type family who are right  wing loggers . family takes to him and it takes  hours of our time for the chick to see he  s a better catch than her liberal looking  french wine drinking  porsche driving  loud cell phone talking  lazy  city slicking  jewish looking fianc .  br    br   the bad   d characters   d themes . being beat over the head with the pro  military theme . ed asner .  br    br   the good  commercial breaks were long . peter jason . it ended .  
i watched this film on the hallmark channel recently . in my opinion  the film started out decent enough  but eventually got sour .  br    br   the story a u . s . soldier in afghanistan receives one of the christmas cards that a woman back in the u . s . has sent out to troops for christmas . he becomes so inspired by the christmas card that he feels it has given him a ray of hope and happiness in his life  a motivation to continue on . when he is given leave  he goes to the very town that the woman lives in . he comes across and spunky young woman and eventually finds out that she is the one that sent the christmas card . he meets the family and after saving her dad  a vietnam war veteran  from getting hit by a car whilst crossing the street  the family decides to take him in for a while . we learn that he doesn  t have a family back home . the soldier agrees to help out the family during the christmas season by working with them at their logging company . the family comes to love him and vice  versa . the soldier also becomes in love with the family  s daughter  the woman that sent the christmas card . there  s only one problem . she already has a serious relationship with a man that she  s in love with . it  s also a long distance relationship . the boyfriend is very different from the soldier . he prefers wine and trips to france over hard labor and the great outdoors . the woman prefers the latter . throughout the rest of the film  there is a  love triangle  as the woman  s boyfriend is back in town visiting her for the season . everyone in the family seems to want the daughter to be with the soldier and the mom basically wants what  s best for her daughter .   spoiler alert   the woman comes to like the soldier more and more  as they have a lot in common . they happen to spend a lot of time together . she gradually becomes attracted to his persona . then one day he kisses her and and she kisses him back . now she  s so confused  she  s in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him someday  but she  s become so fond of the soldier . soon enough  the boyfriend  who doesn  t know about the kiss  but is very protective of the woman and thinks the soldier has been trying to move in on her  decides to propose to the woman and she accepts . his plans for their marriage  however  are not plans that she wants . she wants to be at home  have kids and be close to her family . he wants to travel the world  go to exotic places and if they have kids he wants to take them along . this doesn  t sound too thrilling for the woman . however  the soldier feels bad about what he  s done and doesn  t want to make things worse . so  he decides to leave town  despite the dad  s urging him to stay and be with his daughter . it all comes to a head when  at the christmas eve service with church  we find out that the soldier hasn  t left yet . the boyfriend and the woman speak to each other outside and he  broken  hearted  basically decides to let her go and breaks up with her . the film ends with the woman and the soldier getting together .  br    br   things i like i like the soldier throughout much of the film . he  s basically nice and polite  with a strong sense of doing good for others there are moments in which the family is going with church and participating in charitable causes the family hold hands and pray during an evening meal at the table the dad and mom have a long  lasting and evidently healthy marriage the soldier tries to do the right thing in a situation after he did something very wrong  br    br   things i don  t like there is a very typical  love triangle  story in this film the soldier turns sour as he slowly and subtly moves in on the woman and then eventually kisses her when she already has a boyfriend most of the family practically applauds this behavior  the family goes with church and participates in services  yet this is how they act there is some bad language  br    br   conclusion i became disappointed as the film ran on  and it got worse and worse . i ended up fast forwarding the very end of the film because i had enough . so  the film started out decent with some few gem moments  but ended up ruining itself . therefore  i don  t recommend this film to anyone .  
sorry my fellow nevada city neighbors  but this one is bad .  br    br   brian must have had too much botox because he had very little facial expressions through out the entire movie .  br    br   alice looked like she had a board strapped to her backside . she was stiff throughout the movie .  br    br   i looked up both alice and brian and was surprised to see the extensive bio of work . i would have guessed that they were first  year students .  br    br   ed asner and peter jason carried the movie frankly with their banter and ease with every line . ed certainly has not lost his charisma . i wish i  d taken the time to meet him while he was here .  br    br   i love the snow scenes and scenes of stores and the church because i  ve been there . i make nevada city my home and was anxiously awaiting the premiere . i was sadly disappointed .  br    br   sorry .  
i  m stunned that the reviewers  imdb gave this tv film as a high a rating as they did . it  s an innocuous  sweet  uncomplicated clich  of a film that had two big names from the past in it  both of whom did a decent job   but this film reeks of the low budget work we can see any day of week on the lesser cable channels . i like a good romance as well as anyone  but as my wife and i were watching this   and before we saw the rating  we said   there are people who are going to rate this film too highly simply because there  s nothing in it to challenge their brains  their faith  their comfort level or their cultural preferences . it  s possible to make a good film like that  and away from her is an example   but this was amateur hour . there are some quite good films rated much lower than this one . truly  another in a long line of woefully inadequate holiday films . watch the family stone . it  s miles ahead of this schlock .  
this film deserves another bad review . consider one reviewer extolling the film  s virtues that include  no sex  violence or gore .  uh  excuse me . the very set  up of the film has us watching as cody  s young comrade  with love of life and who has everything to live for is blown to bits leaving cody holding his lifeless  bloody body . and  given the nature of war we know that cody has seen horror on almost a daily basis . so much for those viewing this film with such rose glasses that the violence which defines cody  s persona is erased from viewer memory .  br    br   sans any family of his own cody  like john rambo  roams the country on his bike making the long trek to hometown usa in the guise of some place called nevada city . no mention  no realization of the clear fact that cody is damaged goods . we know this since his co practically declares him so as he order cody to  get some rest  away from the death and destruction of war . this explains  as none seem to notice or care  cody  s obvious  flat  effect . it is not bad acting . it is the flat effect of post traumatic stress disorder . not guessing here  remember his co ordered him off the battle field .  br    br   how about that  accidental  kiss as noted by another review . the fall was an accident  the kiss was not . how exactly was cody  respecting  faith by hitting on her knowing full well she was spoken for  now that was a non  family value moment . a moment which is then announced to the immediate universe as if posted on youtube . of course faith  s lapse of fidelity as well as cody  s  coming on  to a woman who plans to marry another is received in the spirit of the xmas season  all cheering their cheaten  hearts and lips .  br    br   we know little about faith  s fianc except that she professes her love for him  she takes no longer than a nano second to accept his proposal  could have waited if any second thoughts   he is generous  he loves her to death  the family has nothing really against him  he believes marriage is based on compromises and the two have never discussed post marriage plans . no evil doers here .  br    br   asner is a fine actor given over the hill dialogue like  we love you son . . . .   you are part of our family  literally days after they have met a stranger named cody . and the  band of brothers  speech where the phrase was above all never intended to apply to virtual strangers off the battle field .  br    br   bottom line this film is cotton candy xmas fluff that betrays itself in major ways . most grossly when it applauds cody  s disrespect for faith by physically hitting on her knowing full well she is spoken for . by re  defining family as we know it to wit accepting a virtual stranger as a full fledged loving member of the family because we all  love you .  how many of you have done that or know anyone who has done that . not .  
this film is to the f . b . i .  s history as knott  s berry farm is to the old west . shamelessly sanitized version of the federal bureau of investigation fight against crime . hoover  s heavy hand  did he have any other kind   shows throughout with teevee quality script  reading actors  cheesy sets  cheap sound effects and lighting    . with jimmy stewart at    of dramatic capacity  vera miles chewing the scenery  the film features every c  lister known in the mid  fifties with nary a hint of irony or humor  from the  amazon jungle  to the  back yard barbecue   everything reeks of sound stages and back lots . even the gunshots are canned and familiar . i imagine mervyn leroy got drunk every night . except for a few  very few  interesting exterior establishing shots  nothing here of note beyond a curio .  
watched this with my girlfriend after stumbling over it while zaping channels .  br    br   i guess we both hoped for some kind of happy family cute christmas movie  but were extremely disappointed .  br    br   the actor playing the soldier  seems to have  emotion whatsoever  his face looks the same  whether he  s chopping down christmas tree  s  seeing the girl he loves being kissed by her boyfriend  or when he  s happily surprised by the girl he loves  he  s an awful actor  and at no pont did any of us do nothing but laugh at him .  br    br   then there  s the cute blond girl  blessed with the ability to count dot  s and cheat on her boyfriend  what a catch  and her ambition in life is to live with her parents and count more dots .  br    br   so it  s basically a story about a guy without any emotion or feelings who falls for a guy who count dots and cheats on her boyfriend  it  s as predictable as it get  s  and really a waste of time  you gain nothing by watching this  other than some weird laughs  because it  s all so corny .  br    br   i love it when her dad says that he only eats french fries and not french wine  and they all laugh  that  s the hillbilly attitude this movie is about  furthermore  if my girlfriends dad were bossing me around like  i  d tell him a thing or to  but not our army veteran  no sir  he let  s everyone boss him around .  br    br   the movie is what first blood would have been  if john rambo were burn like the biggest wimp in the world .  
if they could get ed asner why didn  t they get other actors instead of people who go to the same church as the producers  and why did the protagonist throw the wise old sage character to the ground when he was never in danger . it forced the old guy to mask the injury out of pride and so the young guy would feel guilty leaving him with a life long disability . i guess thats why the main character refuses money though and why the old guy works him like a dog even when he volunteers for extra work . if the d  bag boyfriend is a bad guy because he is long  distance boyfriend then why is a soldier any better . he has good reason to be jealous  good reason to get her away from her hometown and over protective  controlling manipulative father . all the characters that are meant to be likable aren  t and everyone else is the  bad  boyfriend . how did they meet anyway  a wine broker and a saw mill worker   
it  at all  you have seen when harry met sally  then avoid this one . it will not only make you bang your head on the table as why can  t bollywood even make a good remake but also annoy you with the so called funny moments in it . the charm of the movie is missing . ranee looks terrible . saif tries to act like he is one hell of an actor . the plots that have been picked up from the original  don  t look effective either . the part where both of them bring their friends along and they hit a note  it just doesn  t look appealing . what can be more disastrous  you wanna waste some money  this is what you can get . otherwise  put some more bucks  and watch the original . its too good to miss . .  
i was fully amped up to see this film . i had been waiting a year for it to be cleared down here in new zealand . i shouldn  t have built myself up so much because it was so disappointing and is without a doubt clark  s worst film there is so much wrong with this film . first off  some of the acting is great  in particular nick stahl as  the bully   and the girl with the curly brown hair  i can  t recall her name   but most of it was so out of touch and incredibly unbelievable  especially leo fitzpatrick . he  s a veteran of clark  s films now and he was so brilliant in  kids   but in  bully  he invests his lines with such solemnity as to turn his scenes into a parody virtually . the screenplay felt like it had been written by a first year film student . no sorry  a high school student . . . one who has never seen a movie before . and i couldn  t fathom clark  s intentions . was he trying to point out the meaningless of these kids  existence  it sure as hell didn  t stop him getting in a damn good perv . i  m no prude but i didn  t need to see teenage breasts and buttocks every  minutes . i still maintain that clark  s best film is  another day in paradise  . it  s fantastic and i don  t think he  ll ever top it .  
is it just me or is that kid really annoying   br    br   hideos sister  spends most of her time running around after the disobedient little so and so . as for him  well  i know he  s a kid n all  but his acting ability is about as wooden as a dead tree . so far i  m only half way through  and am fascinated by the story  but the people in it  let it down  i just hope it gets better by the end  as i can  t not know what it  s all about . although  some supposedly cryptic messages in the scribbles on the wall and a notebook  indicate everything is backwards  i . e . dog is god  live is evil etc . . . just seems a little obvious at the moment  yet nobody mentions its obvious meaning   as yet anyway  if my opinion changes at the end of the movie  i  ll update this post  but if your reading this  then well . . . . . . see above statement .  
forbidden siren is based upon the siren  playstation   so many  s  game . like most video game turned movies  i would say the majority don  t translate into a different medium really well . and that goes for this one too  painfully .  br    br   there  s a pretty long prologue which explains and sets the premise for the story  and the mysterious island on which a writer  leo morimoto  and his children  daughter yuki  yui ichikawa  and son hideo  jun nishiyama  come to move into . the villagers don  t look all too friendly  and soon enough  sound advice is given about the siren on the island  to stay indoors once the siren starts wailing .  br    br   naturally and slowly  things start to go bump  and our siblings go on a mission beating around the bush to discover exactly what is happening on this unfriendly island with its strange inhabitants . but in truth  you will not bother with what  s going on  as folklore and fairy tales get thrown in to convolute the plot even more . what was really pushing it into the realm of bad comedy are its unwittingly ill  placed  out  of  the  norm moments which just drew pitiful giggles at its sheer stupidity  until it  s explained much later . it  s one thing trying to come up and present something smart  but another thing doing it convincingly and with loopholes covered .  br    br   despite it clocking in under   minutes  i think it  s a horror movie phenomenon to have that as a runtime benchmark  it gives that almost two hour feel with its slow buildup to tell what it wants to . things begin to pick up toward the last   minutes  but it  s a classic case of too little too late .  br    br   what saves the movie is how it changes tack and its revelation at the end . again this is a common device used to try and elevate a seemingly simple horror movie into something a little bit extra in the hope of wowing an audience . it turned out rather satisfactorily  but leaves a bad aftertaste as you  ll feel cheated somewhat . there are two ways a twist will make you feel  it either elevates the movie to a memorable level  or provides you with that hokey feeling . unfortunately forbidden siren belonged more to the latter .  br    br   the saving grace will be its cinematography with its use of light  shadows and mirrors  but i will be that explicit  it  s still not worth the time  so better to avoid this .  
because some people  like me  like to know everything about a movie even if they plan to see it  including the ending . anyway  here  s the ending as i remember it  because i couldn  t have been more than  yrs old when i saw it for the first and only time on tv . but i  ll tell ya  it sure scared the little kid that i was  and i thought about it for days afterward  and it still stands out in my mind to this day  even though some of the details are a little vague . abe vigoda was in this movie  i don  t remember that  i didn  t even remember that ol  barnabus was in this movie  and i loved dark shadows . so  at the end  the lead character  belinda montgomery   is lured by the judge  joseph cotton  i  m guessing  even though i remember it as him being an old family physician or something instead of a judge see how memory fades   to the wedding place  which as i remember it is in a cavern of some kind  maybe i  ve got that wrong and shelley winters is there laughing  and the judge has a cape on  and the camera angle is kind of looking up at him  and he throws back the cloak  and he has goat legs  and he announces he  s actually her father  the devil  and she  s played right into their  the satanic cult  s  hands  because the  mortal  guy she has fallen in love with  i guess that  s robert foxworth  turns out also to be the guy satan wants to marry her off to  the demon with yellow eyes  and yep  sure enough  they show robert foxworth  and his eyes glow yellow . there are a lot of close  ups in the last few minutes of the film . everyone is laughing and rejoicing  except for belinda montgomery  who is very unhappy  and cries or screams or something  and that  s the end . the bad guys win .  
the best laurel and hardy shorts are filled to the brim with mishaps  accidents and destruction  mostly caused by stan  but with ollie receiving the bulk    of the punishment   see the great  the music box        or  towed in a hole        as some some classic examples .  br    br   here  however  for some reason  is it because it was based on a sketch by stan  s father   the boys play it  straight  in a  comedy  built around jokes and supposedly funny situations . it doesn  t come off . it  s merely another third  rate tedious   s comedy  heightened only by the personalities of stan and ollie who never really display any of their trademarked gestures  ollie  s finger wiggling  stan  s blank stares  etc .  or comic abilities .  br    br   the film begins with them running from the police . since we never see or know why  it  s hard to believe or accept their fear of being caught  and thus hiding in colonel buckshot  s mansion . the premise for the  humor   ollie passing himself off as the colonel and stan passing himself off as both the butler and the maid are never very engaging . they are not playing  stan and ollie  in this film . their parts could have been played by any of the pedestrian studio actors and it would be just as poor .  br    br   stan could mime and make whatever he would do funny  but he doesn  t get the chance to do any of that here . he  s constrained by uttering too much dialog to  move  the plot  but none of it rises much above the silly . we are treated to endless third rate comedy chestnuts such as the running gag of not correctly pronouncing lord plumtree  s name  the  call me a cab  okay you  re a cab   joke  cops losing their clothes and being seen in long johns  and a non  sequiter ending of stan and ollie as the two parts in a painfully obvious horse costume as they make their escape on a bicycle for two  and james finlayson is still doing his silent  era full body takes and keystone kop jumping jacks .  br    br   stan and ollie do much better in a situation comedy in  sons of the desert        where we get to see them do what we love about them   be themselves . in fact         seem to be their best years .  br    br   since this film does not play to any of their strengths  why bother with it  i have to give it a  .  
it  s hard to imagine that anyone could find this short their favorite if they have seen most of their shorts  but i know that humor is very subjective . i have seen all of their sound shorts  by far the best of their stuff imo  and i found this one of their weaker efforts .  br    br   in the year this was made       stan and babe made   shorts and one feature . they were extremely popular and their boss hal roach took full advantage by keeping them working constantly . in addition  this was a time of experimentation for the writers and stan . i would say this was an experiment that really did not work . as someone else said  it does not play to their strengths . too much dialog and plot .  br    br   the best part of this one for me is the largely improvised sequence with stan as agnes the maid and the great thelma todd talking about  girl  stuff .  br    br   if you really want to see the boys at their most creative and funny check out blotto  or brats from the same year .  br    br   they made so many shorts in such a short time that i think they can be forgiven for turning out a few less then par shorts . they made something like    films altogether . very few  except for the ones made at fox  were outright failures but there are some . county hospital  me and my pal  the live ghost  the fixer uppers come to mind as essentially weak ones . but other then those i find something wonderful in just about all their shorts . quite a record in my book .  br    br   if you have seen and enjoyed all their other shorts then by all means check this one out  but i would be willing to bet that this one was less then memorable to stan and babe .  
in the u . s .  very few films have been made about rome that were not set in the time of julius caesar or shortly thereafter . hollywood  s sword and sandal epics mostly have a christian theme  which makes it difficult to get into earlier roman history  spartacus was probably the first exception to this rule  and encountered some resistance in hollywood because it did not have jesus in it  .  br    br   it  s interesting to see at least one picture that not only takes place before the time of caesar and christ  but is set when rome was only one city among many on the italian peninsula  and had just ousted the hated king tarquin and formed the republic .  br    br   however  this is not a historical film it  s peplum  and while the production values aren  t rock bottom  the acting and characterizations are cardboard . i can only imagine what the dialogue was like in italian  but with wooden english dubbing it  s very campy . i got a few good laughs out of it at first .  br    br   i haven  t seen many films of this genre  having missed most of the hercules movies of the   s . it  s amusing up to a point  but as the film goes on  it gets somewhat boring .  br    br   one thing  s for sure if i  d seen this movie when i was ten years old  i would have loved it . at that age  i went for anything with romans and swordfights in it . so at least  this flick brought back some childhood memories .  
pedantic  overlong fabrication which attempts to chronicle the birth of the federal bureau of investigations . begins quite promisingly  with a still  relevant probe into an airplane explosion  however the melodrama involving james stewart and wife vera miles just gets in the way  miles had a habit of playing tepid wives under duress  and her frayed nerves arrive here right on schedule  . esteemed director mervyn leroy helmed this adaptation of don whitehead  s book  but despite the talent involved  the picture fails to make much of an impression . best performance is turned in by murray hamilton as stewart  s partner  however most of the dialogue is ludicrous and the dogged pacing causes the movie to seem twice as long as it is .     from   
i have to agree with most everyone  s opinion that this show was poorly produced as well as written . the acting was not much more above the lower production values however i feel an actor can only rely on the material provided to them and make the best of it . in keeping with this thought i feel it is important to point out that one actor has risen and persevered well beyond this campy to tasteless production to have become a respectable and quite talented performer . i am referring to laura harris a canadian born actor who has etched her way through many poorly produced shows and movies to find a place on the hbo hit  dead like me  where she plays the role of daisy adair and to her credit she handles this role in an efficient manner . i remember having a typical boyhood crush on the young actress during this series where she played ashley a soft spoken yet intelligent  th grader . i felt as though if anyone might  make it  from this series it surely would be laura harris and true to her nature she did excel in the acting field to win the respect of many producers who now recognize her for her talent as well as unique nordic blond allure . if you ever do have the opportunity to view this series i recommend that you have something epic to watch after wards such as the  godfather  or perhaps  beaches  in order to remind yourself that there is after all a great deal of true production integrity and value out there and that this series is only a low  budget reminder of what laura harris can simply state about her time on the show and i bet she would quote many a young actors words of defense by saying  it  s a start    
this is a fascinating film   especially to old movie buffs and historians  i am both  . during the first half of the twentieth century  sadly  black americans were usually not allowed into white theaters . as a result  theaters catering to black audiences wanted to show films reflecting the black experience and showing black actors . in many cases  the films were essentially similar plot  wise to standard hollywood fare  but with a much  much lower budget   and usually horrid production values . you really can  t fault the film makers   they just didn  t have the money and resources available to the average film company . as a result  they had to make due with a lot less   including an over  reliance on stock actors that were seen again and again  no money for re  shooting scenes and a need to get the films done fast  this film tried very hard to be a black version of a gene autry film   starring herb jeffries instead . jeffries was a light  skinned man from mixed ancestry and he starred in several similar cowboy films . in each  he sings a little  fights a little  though very poorly  and loves a little   everything you need in a cowboy . believe it or not  jeffries is still alive at age   .  br    br   the general plot was indiscernible from an autry picture   complete with anachronistic items such as telephones out west  the problem is that despite its similarities  the low budget shines through . stymie  from the li  l rascals  flubbed a few lines but they just left it in  the fight scenes were totally unchoreographed and were among the worst ever put on film  there were some odd plot holes  there was no background music  leaving the film strangely quiet  and the acting was pretty awful .  br    br   now this does not mean that the film isn  t worth seeing   only that it abouts with technical problems that prevent it from being scored higher . one reviewer  oddly  scored this film a    how this can be with all the problems is beyond me . however  i can understand a person liking the film despite its many problems . the plot is generally pretty good  the characters likable  the musical numbers excellent and you know that the people making the film tried so darn hard and it  s a very important piece of american history . but a      br    br   by the way  in an odd bit of casting  the very tall  lean and almost white  skinned jefferies is paired with short  dumpy and exceptionally dark mantan moreland . . . . as his brother   also  spencer williams may be familiar to you . he played andy on tv  s  amos  n andy  .  
how can a major german tv station broadcast a mess like this  it  s amazing how the main actors avoid every acting talent  even the well  known gottfried john is acting very poor  especially in the double murder scene  how amateurish . . . . . . .  the screen plan is very  very extended  perhaps to fill out  parts of the movie . be careful not to fall asleep while watching  the set is obviously very often a blue screen  f . g . the scenes on the ship with unreal sea in background . . .  in the german version the sound and the dubbing is very poor  probably reason different languages of actors  but other international productions do handle this much more professional . advice do not watch  it  s a diabolic waste of time   
strtebeker is truly one of the worst tv mini  series ever made on this planet .  br    br   the acting is unbearable and the historic background is mostly nonsense just two examples visby was shown as a village of three houses . instead  it was a major city at this time  it  s best days already passed by . secondly  hamburg would have never been the city taking care of pirates in the baltic sea . hamburg had no access to the baltic sea  the major town at that time was lbeck .  br    br   but worse than all that the directing  how can a dilettante like this guy be allowed to direct a movie like this  impossible  there was not a single believable scene it  the fights were ridiculous and i could not suppress laughter at most stern scenes .  br    br   i can  t understand at all how a major television station could be so incompetent .  
richard dix is a big  not very nice industrialist  who has nearly worked himself to death . if he takes the vacation his doctors suggest for him  can he find happiness for the last months of his life  well  he  ll likely be better off if he disregards the voice of the whistler .  br    br   this william castle directed entry has some great moments  the introduction and the depiction of richard dix  s life through newsreel a la citizen kane   and some intriguing plotting in the final reels . dix  s performance is generally pretty good . but  unfortunately  the just does not quite work because one does not end up buying that the characters would behave the way that they do . also  the movie veers from a dark  and fascinating beginning  to an almost cheerful   s movie like midsection  full of nice urban ethnic types who don  t mind that they aren  t rich  and back again to a complex noir plot for the last   minutes or so .  br    br   this is a decent movie   worth seeing   but it needed a little more running time to establish a couple of the characters and a female lead capable of meeting the demands of her role .  
this was one of the lamest movies we watched in the last few months with a predictable plot line and pretty bad acting  mainly from the supporting characters  . the interview with hugh laurie on the dvd was actually more rewarding than the film itself . . .  br    br   hugh laurie obviously put a lot of effort into learning how to dance the samba but the scope of his character only required that he immerse himself at the kiddie end of the pool . the movie is based on the appearance of a lovely girl and great music but these are not sufficient to make good entertainment .  br    br   if you have never seen rio  or the inside of a british bank  this film is for you .  out of   .  
an acted  manipulated documentary about one of the most darkest places of guatemala . portrayed as a fun  secure . . . but sad place  were a bunch of sex workers get to play in a soccer team  assembled in what seems like no more than a week  the documentary  s main focus is to prove that society repels this kind of  workers   even though no solution to these poor women is ever achieved  except that the people who documented this  made them some sort of  stars   just like the title says so  in exchange of being exploited for making this realityshowlike documentary . it does have  however  its own documented reality . . . but  that sadly has nothing to do with the main storyline . i would not accept to see it again but i would recommend it for general cultural purposes only .  
this warning against anti  semitism is well  meant and may have had its purpose at the time  but it is made without the slightest notion of how to make a film . the director has no idea about mise  en  scene the cast varies from bad till even worse .  br    br   the great austrian comic hans moser is wasted . in his part he ends in an asylum for the crazy  that is designed as a set from das kabinett des dr . caligari one wonders whether the makers had all their mental capabilities .  br    br   the restored copy i saw  dutch filmmuseum  gives the impression that some scenes were not put into the right place  but may be the original editing was bad as well .  
gadar is an example of one of bollywood worst overrated movies ever . directed by anil sharma  who prefers making period related movie gives a rubbish movie . the songs were boring and ain  t the kind of song you want to listen to in your car  full volume . sunny deol is famous for making daft movies  where he beats up a    bad guys on his own . he even kicks a metal jail door  indian  and kicks a moving car far away  teesri aankh  . i can give another   examples of disgraceful action by sunny deol . but i  m sure most people know this already . sunny gives a pathetic performance once again repeating the same type of role . a guy claiming to be fighting for his countries piece  by using violence . amisha patel is hands down dead sexy with an amazing body that i would love to bone . but even she couldn  t save the film from being a disaster . instead of wearing sexy clothes like she usually does  in this movie she doesn  t . maybe cos she was playing a muslim  but she doesn  t act like one in the movie . overall  this is a poor show all the way  i  m sure it will appeal to some people  who love seeing the bollywood actor beat up    guys . give me a break .  
gadar is a really dumb movie because it tells a fake story . it  s too unrealistic and is a typical sunny deol movie that is aimed to bash pakistan . the movie  s aim is to misguide the viewers so they can think that pakistan and it  s government is bad but trying to hide their own flaws won  t work . and all the songs and music of the movie are all bad . most likely the sikhs will love th movie cause they are being misguided . the movie sucks and sucks with power . i think only amisha patel was good in the movie . if i can give  out of   i would but the lowest is  . please save  hours of your life and do not watch this stupid boring movie . disaster .  
the fbi story       was warner bros .    minute epic tribute to the famous criminal investigation agency  from a book by don whitehead came a somewhat laborious screenplay by richard l . green and john twist and was directed with only a modicum of flair by mervyn leroy . however it did have splendid colour cinematography by joseph biroc and a helpful score by the studio  s musical magician max steiner   br    br   the movie charts the history of the bureau from its lowly beginnings in the twenties to modern times and its all seen through the recollections of aging fastidious agent chip hardesty  james stewart  as he relates his investigative experiences  in flashback  to a class of budding young agents . but it  s all very long  winded and episodic  and as it progresses it begins to look like a tv mini series instead of a major movie production as the young hardesty runs the american crime gamut from taking on such notorious criminal figures as  baby face  nelson  ma barker  dillinger etc . to sorting out nefarious organisations like the ku klux klan  nazi spy rings and the red menace . and here it has to be said that only for the screen presence and appeal of its star the fbi story would probably have ended up a forgotten disaster . moreover  this is another problem with the picture  stewart is left to carry the entire movie almost on his own  with the exception of vera miles  who has the thankless role of being his long suffering but devoted wife  he is surrounded by a cast of minor players  throughout you find yourself half expecting someone like robert ryan  jack palance or even raymond burr to make a welcome entrance as a mobster or a police chief or whatever . but nothing quite as imaginative as that ever occurs  pity   br    br   the film does however manage to give a good look inside the workings of the bureau  with the help of stewart  s narration we learn about the thousands of men and women who work for the organisation which includes the hundreds of agents in the field . and we are also treated to a peek inside headquarters which houses the gigantic records section and we also get a glimpse of the chemists and fingerprint experts meticulously going through their daily chores .  br    br   another plus for the movie is max steiner  s remarkable score  heard over the titles is a powerful  rousing and determined march while for the picture  s gentler moments there is an attractive love theme . but quite ingenious is the menacing and ominous march theme for the ku klux klan sequence . and better still is the rhythmic latin  american music the composer wrote for the south american scenes especially the exciting fandango like orchestrations for the arrival of the federal troops on horseback . the fbi story was one of five scores the composer wrote in     which included samuel bronston  s naval epic  john paul jones   the charming rom  com  cash mccall   delmer daves  seminal western  the hanging tree  and daves   a summer place  from which derived the young love theme  which was to become a major hit tune for steiner better known as  theme from a summer place  .  br    br   the fbi story just about passes muster as a movie thanks to biroc  s rich colour cinematography  steiner  s wonderful music and of course jimmie stewart who makes anything watchable   br    br   classic but implausible line from the fbi story . . . . . . . . . . . . . as the bland nick adams  who has just blown up a plane with   people on board  including his mother  is being led away handcuffed he turns to the arresting officer and blurts  in case i get any mail you can send it to canyon city prison for the next month or so  after that you can send it to hell  . wow   
its not the cast . a finer group of actors  you could not find . its not the setting . the director is in love with new york city  and by the end of the film  so are we all  woody allen could not improve upon what bogdonovich has done here . if you are going to fall in love  or find love  manhattan is the place to go . no  the problem with the movie is the script . there is none . the actors fall in love at first sight  words are unnecessary . in the director  s own experience in hollywood that is what happens when they go to work on the set . it is reality to him  and his peers  but it is a fantasy to most of us in the real world . so  in the end  the movie is hollow  and shallow  and message  less .  
this move is slow  plodding  cold  dark  and without a plot or hope . it follows that tried and true european formula that they love to subsidize  that is never seen  but that the critics think makes an  important point  .  br    br   the movie is valuable if nothing more than to show the huge difference in the thinking between americans and europeans regarding employment . in this movie the men are still nursing their wounds from years ago and feel it  s the government  s duty to provide them with work . whereas in the u . s . we know we have to go out there and create value for someone .  br    br   spain never looked so backward   
a romanticised and thoroughly false vision of unemployment from a middle class  artist  with a comfortable upbringing . . . it is clear that the writer  director never suffered unemployment directly and certainly has no personal experience of it . if you had to believe this absolutely ridiculous story  unemployed men of all ages behave like teenagers  have no anger  no fear  no frustration  etc . all the characters live trough the day by carrying pranks  boyish jokes . they do never look for work  the do almost never experience rejection or anguish  etc . living on the dole is just about like a summer vacation from school . . . ridiculous . specially if you compare it with contemporary masterpieces from the likes of ken loach  etc .  
this movie is painfully slow and has no plot . it conveys the lives of a group of laid off boatworkers . one of the older ones is sincere in his attempt to get a job . there may be some social commentary here  but  it is muddled as nobody is painted in a very sympathetic light .  br    br   i do not understand why it had a  .  when i decided to watch it . i watched the whole tedious thing and built expectations for a huge redeeming payoff . no luck . the imdb rating has always been such a good match for my tastes . anything above  .  was worth watching .  br    br   and my wife says javier barem does not even look good in this movie . he  s not my type  so  my agreement does not mean much .  br    br   sigh . i give it a  .  
quentin crisp once stated that when things are shown too beautifully  one is a romantic . when things are show unbearably grim  they are realistic . and when something gets the ironic treatment  they  re spot on . unfortunately for leon de aranoa  he falls into the second catagory . this director has obviously tried too hard to make a spanish  ken loach  type movie  without being able to capture the comedy  and warmth between the characters  that elevate loach movies from merely being  depressing  . los lunes al sol  is just that  only depressing . things are unrealistically grim . the characters ultimate moments of misery all reach a climax at the same point  and if the glum story isn  t enough  aranoa washes the tale over with a visually grey and grimy colour palette . the films was ridiculously over  rated at the goyas . a movie that shows empathy for the weaker citizens in society  in this case unemployed harbour workers  does not automatically make for a good movie  even though i would be the first to sympathize with the fates of these people . this movie only manages to make me grow disinterested in their fate . in   st century spain  unemployed people do not live like beggars  and the public transport ferries have decent restrooms  and it  s hard to come across a bar with so few punters and such little happiness to be encountered in it . leon de aranoa obviously doesn  t have a clue about working class spain  and does it no favours . pretentious is the only conclusion i can draw . the scene where the men watch a football match for free  has been directly copied from a film which deals much more  realistically  with the subject of the  poverty  trap  namely  purely belter   which is afar more engaging  humorous  and yet sad .  
aka mondays in the sun  br    br   i have no idea what i just watched . three men wander aimlessly and drink  grousing about everything and at everyone in their path . this is supposed to be a drama  but what it is  is a total waste of film  without a single redeeming quality .  br    br   i have read reviews touting the performances herein as  wonderful    beautiful   and  heroic .  i  m afraid i cannot agree  unless these men were supposed to come off as the dumbest most ignorant proto  humans who ever walked .  br    br   all in all  this was not a movie . it wanders throughout and loses everyone but the audience . i  ve watched this three times  and cannot for the life of me see what anyone sees in this garbage . there is nothing profound here  whatsoever . it  s crap .  br    br   it rates a zero    from . . .  br    br   the fiend  .  
this picture reminds me of a keneth more picture from     called the admirable crighton  whilst on the boat he was a servant and on the island he became the master and upon being saved reverted back to servant . madonna did ok in some movies however this one doesn  t fire . if there is any picture that show madonna can  t act it is this one .  br    br   i am not sure whether this was a subtle copy of  the admirable crighton  but it sure looks like it and if thats the case then hollywood must be running out of ideas and that is sad . to provide a platform for actors to improve their career profile and just on that this fails in every corner and detail .  br    br   the plot is loose and the acting is mediocre . the script should have been put thru the shredder before taking it on location . while many here have canned madoona for all her acting i think that in films like  a league of their own  was quite good and enjoyable and  who  s that girl  showed a quirkiness of madonna  s style not shown before or afterwards . other madonna films are not as enjoyable and i would have liked a to see a madonna animation series with the character from  who  s that girl  i like the music from these two films however  swept away  remains at the bottom of the pile here and will remain so .  br    br   everyone has a bomb right   
this film story is bad enough  which can happen in real life . i  m very can not understand when they show us this bad film . i say it was bad because there is some reason .  . if madonna was rich and can do everything she want  then why she falling in love with that bad man .  . how can the story script is so weak  she was so rich  can do everything she want  but not dare to divorce her husband that is very impossible .  br    br   the words i love you  it doesn  t meant anything in this film .  
guy ritchie  s noble effort is beat up  knocked down  raped  kicked around  shot  stabbed  spit upon  punched  sodomized  and abused and left for dead by madonna  s dreadful performance . her acting was very reminiscent of a graduate from the al gore school of dramatics and public speaking . guy ritchie did do a somewhat noble attempt to remake this  and if you exclude all of the scenes that his wife was in  it  s a fair movie at best . i think that the best acting job ever  had to be guy comforting his wife that her performance was good enough not to re  shoot . if you have an opportunity of watching swept away or clipping your toenails for   minutes . . . go for the extended pedicure .  
whatever possessed guy ritchie to remake wertmuller  s film is incomprehensible .  br    br   this new film is a mess . there was one other person in the audience when i saw it  and she left about an hour into it .  i hope she demanded a refund .  the only reason i stayed through to the end was because i  ve never walked out of a movie .  br    br   but i sat through this piece of junk thoroughly flabbergasted that madonna and ritchie could actually think they made a good film . the dialogue is laughable  the acting is atrocious and the only nice thing in this film is the scenery . ritchie took lina  s movie and turned it into another  blue lagoon .   br    br   this is a film that you wouldn  t even waste time watching late night on cinemax . time is too precious to be wasted on crap like this .  
i don  t know what some of you are smoking  but i suspect it  s potent .  br    br   to call swept away awful would be an insult to the very concept of terribleness . the acting is hideous and i  m not picking on madonna here  we all know she  s useless  but someone should have warned everyone else that her ailment is contagious . my back literally hurts from cringing so much at poorly delivered lines . the editing is so sloppy  it beggars description . the photography and composition  which in this era  competence should be a given for any film with a budget  are astonishingly inept  even the lighting is horrid and unnatural looking . these are basic elements of filmmaking  if you can  t get them right  you should seek another line of work . it  s as contrived as a grade  production of snow white  except nowhere near as well made or interesting .  br    br   the original film by lina wertmueller is a wonderful satire and metaphor  superbly acted and written  featuring breathtaking visuals  you can practically taste the sea salt and feel the windswept sand in your hair . the sexual tension feels real and immediate . . . those of you who found guy ritchie  s version deplorable  should see it  it really is one of the landmarks of world cinema .  br    br   those of you who thought the remake is some kind of masterpiece should have your heads examined .  
although there are some snippets in this   part documentary hinting at the necessity for recreational drug law reform  these are not very well  developed  in contrast to the many snippets from those who feel that the drugs that happen to currently be illegal are a scourge for which the only imaginable solution is incarceration of even those who are guilty even of mere possession of such drugs .  br    br   although this program  as a whole  leaves the viewer with the impression that the drug war is largely a futile exercise and a waste of money  and for that it deserves some praise  almost nothing in this documentary addresses the very real problems that total war against those who merely possess illegal drugs obviously causes and contributes to   very real problems that most drug warriors themselves would tell you  if asked  they think the drug war is designed to solve . for example  while many minutes are spent on the surge in violence associated with the rising popularity of crack cocaine in the    s  at no point does this program even hint that the very laws designed to suppress crack cocaine make it impossible for drug sellers to enforce their contracts and business arrangements in courts of law  forcing them to resort to violence to stay in business . but instead of seeing the laws as an important cause of the violence  the drugs themselves seem to take the brunt of the blame . inexplicably  alcohol prohibition  the violence that ensued  and the subsequent reversal of prohibition  is totally ignored by this program .  br    br   this program will help to perpetuate ridiculous stereotypes of drug users  and it is these that are the primary force in driving the very expensive and very problematic drug war . the possibility of incorporating drugs other than alcohol into a happy and successful life is not really touched on . use of any drug in excess is probably going to cause personal problems  but not all users do their drugs in excess  just like not all alcohol users are alcoholics .  br    br   if you want a point of view from someone who believes that adults have a moral right not to be incarcerated and have their lives ruined by the criminal justice system just for using drugs that the government  for mostly very arbitrary political reasons rather than reasons based on sound social policy and legitimate science  has decided to totally prohibit  whose users it has decided to not  so  metaphorically wage war against  just forget about it . none of that is in here .  br    br   on the other hand  this is hardly in the category of anti  drug propaganda . it is mostly an interesting neutrally  presented history of drugs in   th century united states like marijuana  lsd  heroin  cocaine  mdma  and oxycontin . but there is a significant element of various people  s points of view with regard to drug laws  and most  but not all  of that is not very thoughtful or well  informed and slanted in favor of the drug warrior mentality  especially with respect to drugs other than marijuana .  br    br   the criminal justice system  along with its often harsh life  ruining penalties  is obviously not the only answer or the most appropriate answer to every single social problem  but unfortunately there  s an epidemic in this nation of an as  yet unnamed disease whose primary symptoms are a lack of imagination with respect to social policy when it comes to certain drugs  a lack of compassion for fellow humans  a prejudice against people who use the drugs that are not governmentally  approved  perhaps a vested interest in the growth of the prison  policing industry  and a horrid apathy with regard to human dignity . it  s morally wrong to kidnap or incarcerate people unless you have a very damn good reason for doing so  and the mere possession of an arbitrarily selected group of drugs is clearly not such a reason . this is really the primary issue when it comes to drugs  yet this program ignores it .  br    br   so  in sum  the parts of this program that neutrally present history without feeding stereotypes of drug users that are at the heart of the drug war mentality are pretty good and interesting and entertaining . but when it comes to presenting a rational non  radical point of view with regard to drug policy  and giving the viewer examples not only of people with drug problems but also the many people who successfully incorporate drugs into happy and successful lives  it  s pretty disappointing .  
it  s not my fault . my girlfriend made me watch it .  br    br   there is nothing positive to say about this film . there has been for many years an idea that madonna could act but she can  t . there has been an idea for years that guy ritchie is a great director but he is only middling . an embarrassment all round .  br    br    
i had the  mis  fortune to see this film at a showing in the us . having reluctantly sat through the entire abysmal thing  i am shocked to have seen so many good reviews here on imdb .  br    br   the original film was a turkey  but an interesting one . it fitted into that early seventies  post     revolution thing this film just stinks of . . . . . . .  well  nothing really . it  s that bad .  br    br   imagine a badly done perfume commercial  see what i mean   br    br   madonna never could act  and has been an embarrassment on the big screen for years . she looks worse and worse with every one of those years  increasingly coming to resemble a skinned meerkat .  br    br   guy ritchie  who has built his  reputation  on lock stock  could never direct either  his movies are shallow  badly cut  fashion shows . he doesn  t disappoint here either he wisely cast his wife as the star of this debacle .  br    br   please people  take little heed of the good reviews this movie has received from other posters below . they are quite obviously business plants .  br    br   don  t encourage ritchie to humiliate himself further by giving him money .  br    br    
 warning  spoilers contained herein    br    br   this is a semi  autobiographical look at what might happen to madonna if she were ever to be stranded on a deserted island . there  s absolutely no challenge to madonna in this role  and it shows . she  s just madonna playing madonna  and she can  t even get that right . i know what you  re saying  you  re saying   how do you know this is what madonna is really like  you  ve never met her   correct  i haven  t  but we all remember  truth or dare   don  t we  i know kevin costner does .  br    br   you would think  in the year      that madonna might have learned something  one way or the other  from the  crossover  ladies that have also made their way across the silver screen . for goodness  sake  hasn  t madonna seen  glitter   mariah carey showed the film world how it is done    mariah kicks madonna  s trashy butt to the curb in beauty  talent  screen presence  charisma  characterization  you name it  all we see from this glimpse into madonna  s world is she  s the only one in it .  br    br   if there  s one thing to be said for madonna  it is that she  s consistent . when she was an mtv darling  she set the world of women  s fashion back   years . now  in film  she has set women  s roles in film and society back   years  by glamourizing all the most hated  horrible  reprehensible  odious qualities women have been reputed to have locked away inside them  qualities they have been so desperately trying to prove they really don  t possess .  br    br   here  s the spoilers    don  t read any further if you don  t want to know . . .   br    br   here  s the one good thing i will say about this film  and i really was impressed by it . they didn  t go for the  hollywood ending   madonna  s character lives . in the typical  happy hollywood ending  madonna  s character would have died on the island  and her long  suffering  oppressed  whipped husband would have been free to finally settle down with a good  decent woman  a woman who would be the exact opposite of his deceased wife  and they both live happily ever after . but in this extremely depressing conclusion  she is rescued  and once more  this poor victim of a husband is once again saddled with his demon of a wife  and his life will once again become a living hell .  br    br    here endeth the spoilers   
may contain spoilers  br    br   i bent over backwards to be fair to this film . i knew it starred madonna . i knew it lasted a whole week in theaters . i knew it got a lot of bad reviews . i wasn  t expecting a deep and thoughtful examination of class  culture and sexuality like we got in the italian original . the benefit of the doubt lasted a whole ten minutes .  br    br   madonna plays a rich  pretentious  nit  witted gorgon who goes on vacation with her henpecked husband and flippant friends  the brunette woman is as bad as madonna  exhibiting some really dumb facial expressions  . adriano giannini plays the ship  s first  mate who the madonna character delights in humiliating and treating like dirt in every scene they have together . why is she such a bitch to him  simply because the plot requires it so that later when the two of them get marooned on a deserted mediterranean island the tables will be turned and he will teach her a lesson . just as inexplicable is how they fall in love despite having nothing in common and having abused each other for two  thirds of the movie .  br    br    swept away  is a silly  simplistic  superficial movie from beginning to end . madonna gives a typically wooden performance . there are many dumb scenes madonna singing and dancing atrociously at the demand of giannini  a fantasy scene with madonna and a lot of scenes where he slaps her and kicks her in the butt . guy ritchie does his  stylish  editing which is laughable here . the film contains some of the worst dialog i  ve heard in a major movie in several years . the ending is sappy and implausible . it  s basically  the blue lagoon  meets  overboard  minus the nudity of the former and the sense of humor of the latter .  br    br   maybe madonna  s ego is so big that she insists on continuing to prove herself as a competent actress . please give it up  madge  for our sake as well as yours . this isn  t her worst movie though . that distinction still belongs to  shanghai surprise  . she hasn  t made anything worse than that . . . yet .  
no doubt  when madonna and guy ritchie married  it was because they both thought it would help their movie careers . if you  ve been through the ordeal of watching  swept away   then you know at that level it was a match made in hell . after nearly   years of trying to become a respected actress  or  octress  as she might have pronounced it in  the next best thing    she still can  t get out of herself long enough to turn in a performance that anyone with taste could even call decent . and that  s the thing that makes people dislike her so much on the screen that gut feeling that her ego is so inflated that it prevents her from being able to just let go and connect with her audience . if there  s any justice in this universe  she just blew her last chance .  
and forget this . completely . if you really need to see madonna act  rent  body of evidence   at least willem defoe is in that one .  br    br   in this film  while the sets are beautiful  you may want to mute the dialog . you won  t miss anything . bruce greenwood is wasted  jeanne tripplehorn is a prop  and madonna is so awful  it becomes amusing . why they had to butcher the original film into this mess  i will never know guess they thought it was  bankable  . madonna  as an actress  certainly is not .  br    br   if you rent the original film from      though  you will enjoy it  and the actors in it can actually act .     .  
for years madonna has tried to prove not only herself  but the public eye  that she can act . unfortunately  trying too hard while failing to shed her own persona doesn  t mix well .  br    br   she seems to fare better when she  s not the star of any movie if you watch her in supporting performances in desperately seeking susan       or a league of their own        she actually comes off looking good . since the story revolves on other actors  the weight of the expectation is taken off her shoulders by default .  br    br   the trouble starts when she is asked to be the star of a movie  regardless the genre . being the focus of a plot that needs to be told in a visual way  whether it be good  mediocre or plain awful  she has to emote in ways that are akin to an actual movie performance as opposed to a video performance . this is the crucial difference between madonna and  let  s say  bette davis  or meryl streep . the latter two  even if the movie were to fail  because the visual storytelling lacked some effectiveness in having us relate to it  or because the script fell short  or because the actress per se was just not at her moment   there would be an extra something in their performances that would elevate the movie from being a complete bomb . both davis and streep have had their share bette  having a longer career than streep  in such fare as bunny o  hare       and wicked stepmother        streep in she  devil       . but at least there  s been that naturalism in the way both attacked their roles that made us forget the banality of the movie and watch the performance .  br    br   madonna  on the other hand  not being an especially gifted actress capable of really letting us in on her ability to convey a persona other than herself  fares much worse  and even in the hands of someone as woody allen in shadows and fog        an inferior classic  she in her pat screen time seems stilted and a little stiff  maybe even nervous  as if she were aware of the cameras and crew and just couldn  t let go .  br    br   so here she tries yet once again to prove she can act in what is essentially a two  character movie . guy ritchie  more known for action movies filled in masculine energy  seems as adrift telling a story closer to someone of the likes of michaelangelo antonioni or ingmar bergman  who could tell a tale of two people with incredible ease . and at   minutes  the events which take place happen in such an unconvincing way that when the final half hour comes along and the story takes a dramatic turn  it doesn  t feel sincere . from being an absolute witch with no redeeming values to suddenly being in love  this has to be the most unconvincing    degree turn since fay dunaway  s laura suddenly discovered her passion for tommy lee jones in the eyes of laura mars       . equally unconvincing is adriano giannini  s nasty turn around the middle of the movie   it lacks any humor and feels genuinely psychopathic   and when he gives in to madonna  s love  it  s too quick to be believed . filming this in slow music and a visual montage of lovemaking and beautiful scenery doesn  t enhance or add upon this  transformation  from what would have been a story of survival between to unlikeable characters to a love story where both discover each other .  br    br   trying to have an unsatisfying ending works against the movie as well   it only makes it drag  bog it down  and when madonna has to be filmed going from hope to devastation in a tight close  up  it feels she  s trying too hard . many an actress have done better in conveying so much doing so little . hers is a performance more suited to acting styles of the late   s  early   s where posturing compensated as acting a part or an emotion .  br    br   could the movie have been better  of course . there are a myriad of ways to have filmed it in a way that would leave the viewer feeling that these people could at least hope to see each other again   it  s been done before  in overboard        for example . it could have had an existential undertone in which two very different people have to rely on each other but not necessarily change  to ensure a moral tone  . much dialog and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared for a more  silent  film look   as in persona       . it could have even been something of a thriller  providing that the giannini character have a mean streak as billy zane had in dead calm       . even if it would have been done as a sex farce it would have worked better for madonna as the over the top  uber  control freak getting her comeuppance . but with its mean streaked humor  without at least a glimpse of her character having a softer side that hides behind a mask of bitchdom  and without really defining giannini  s own character  this becomes another misfire trying to look like a battle of the sexes .  
i really wanted to like this movie because the critics have been unkind  br    br   to it  to say the least  . . . but it was terrible . really terrible . badly  br    br   acted  a witless script  cack handed direction . . . watching this film was  br    br   like watching a car crash  you want to look away but you keep staring  br    br   because you want to see how messy it  s going to get . well  the car is  br    br   wrecked and there are no survivors . on the plus side  the cinematography  br    br   was nice  made me want to go on holiday  if only to cleanse myself from  br    br   this unholy  
i almost saw this at an actual movie theatre  an art  house theatre  no less   but couldn  t make it there in the one whole week it played  but yesterday i finally saw it on cable and . . . well . . . i wasn  t disappointed  that  s for sure  madonna has done it again yet another bomb  when will this woman learn  when will the studios learn   or perhaps they already have  since this film was largely dumped  with little fanfare and deadly word  of  mouth .  one would hope that being directed by her talented husband  who  s created some interesting and  or terribly entertaining work  would bring out the same quality madonna showed in  desperately seeking susan   alas  it just isn  t meant to be  for here she is  at her very worst singularly convinced of her own greatness  the smugness permeating every frame she  s in  made all the more unbearable by her wavering faux  british accent  an accent that only underscores the fact that her speaking voice is immature in quality and not especially pleasant . this may sound unnecessarily cruel but listen to the woman  and look at her films of  say  the past decade like a latter  day bette davis  there is an unmistakable brittleness to not only her carriage but to her very face and body  which here  despite the warm photography displayed throughout the film  perhaps its only saving grace   are done no favors . to her credit  the entire affair is so misbegotten that one wonders if the world  s greatest actress on her best day could do anything with this mess . no one involved escapes unharmed bruce greenwood actually seems pained to be on  screen  though poor jeanne tripplehorn seems to carry herself as if she  s actually in something good  which had me thinking all the while   denial ain  t just a river in egypt   adriano giannini  son of giancarlo giannini  star of the italian original   swept away . . .   is  like his father before him  immensely attractive  and isn  t altogether bad  despite winning a razzie nomination for  worst actor    but  like almost everything else about this production  it all comes back to madonna  on whose shoulders rest the blame . why her  why not her husband  director guy ritchie  just who do you think was behind this remake  what actress wouldn  t want nearly every shot of a movie to be centered on her  with only a relative nobody sharing the screen  oh sure  ritchie deserves some blame surely he  or someone  anyone   should have  and could have  taken his lead aside and insisted on something bordering on actual feeling in her line readings  for her performance is so wooden it  s a surprise the rest of the cast didn  t get splinters   or at least display a semblance of warmth . . . but she seems resistant to be anything but a cinematic black hole . above and beyond anything else  this is strictly a vanity project for its star so she is ultimately accountable for it . a film like this  an  odd couple   ish  war of the classes  should be light and fun  with leads who can bounce off one another with witty  even romantic  dialogue  for what else can a film whose plot involves two disparate people stranded  really be  honestly  i don  t think anyone involved knew exactly the tone they were trying for it succeeds neither as comedy  i defy you to laugh even once  or romance  madonna  s ice  princess routine precludes any chemistry  . it  s not even bad enough for us bad  movie lovers to enjoy . a real shame . . .  
this is absolutely the dumbest movie i  ve ever seen . what a waste of a splendid cast . that  s james cromwell as the ignoramus playing deputy . i could go on and on  but i would obviously be spending more time on this review than anybody ever did on the script . the only thing this movie is about is us vs . them and how to revel in profane slapstick beyond any reasonable human being  s tolerance . this is one of the   worst movies i have ever seen   and i love james garner .  
this movie was extremely depressing .  br    br   the characters were so cold . the mother  who is he main character  is everything but  motherly  . ok  she was unhappy in her marriage and always put her husband and children first . her husband dies . she then goes to visit her son and meets this hunk who is sleeping with her daughter and ends up sleeping with him . until this part  the movie is all right . not excellent  but it can be watched . the guy is charming and who can blame her  ok it  s not very motherly to sleep with your daughter  s lover but let  s blame that on the shock of losing her husband .  br    br   she becomes totally obsessed with the guy . i think this is the part where i started to dislike the movie . she  s always there wanting to please him in an  old fashioned way  with snacks while he is working on her son  s house  i guess this is the only thing she ever learned to do   as if it was the only way she could get his attention . the guy obviously is not very interested  actually  it seems more like he considered sleeping with her a charitable activity  and instead of being insulted by that  she continues to beg him to go to go to bed with her and to be nice to her when he becomes very abusive .  i want to please you   she tells him in a desperate way while he is insulting her very badly .  br    br   what outraged me in this movie  is the utter lack of self  respect the mother has for herself . she tells craig something like  i am just a shapeless lump  the first time they sleep together .  br    br   this movie is an insult to women kind . if it had been me  i would have bought myself a little object that would have brought me the same satisfaction and a lot less emotional pain . . .    
i didn  t enjoy this movie at all . for one  i just found it crude and vulgar  for no reason . i also felt it  s misogynistic  against women .  also  the movie really doesn  t appear to be about anything  and i didn  t find any of the characters likable . really  the there doesn  t seem to be any point to it all . maybe i  m missing something  but for me  this movie is pretty much a waste of time  when i could have been doing something more productive and enjoyable . like using my face as a pin cushion . james garner is in this thing  as are c . thomas howell and shirley jones  and james cromwell . all are wasted here  and i  m sure this was a low point in each of their respective careers . jennilee harrison  from the later years of three  s company  is also in the movie  and it is nice to see her in a non ditsy role . but other than that  she can  t rise above the mediocre script . for me  tank is a      
this movie is truly one of the worst pieces of garbage ever . it really is surprising that something so completely terrible could be made . but  if you can stand the mind  numbing plot  character development  and direction  you may get a kick out of the soundtrack which is so appalling that it is funny . the movie begins terribly and quickly becomes unwatchable . someone should give anyone involved with this movie some sort of consolation because their career was probably ruined because of involvement in this movie . if you do end up seeing this movie or have seen it already  i feel your pain  then these words have come too late . for anyone else  stay away at all costs or realize that the movie is so bad that it will waste  hours of your life . then at least you can clean up or something while viewing it .  
first off  the title character is not even the main character of the movie . he is the sidekick of the cult leader . the actor who portrays igor believed that screaming loud  laughing hysterically  and having a crooked smile while bugging out your eyes would be an excellent way to scare people . igor also had the annoying habit of yelling  because he never actually just spoke  in a high pitched voice . he would also say idiotic one  liners . for example when the cult leader murders one of his followers with a buzz saw  igor upon seeing this  yells out  paul  no paul  why  d you do it  i could have cut her clean  so clean   in another scene igor tells a victim that she would have to  get her own tools for surgery because right now  it was his time to operate .  aside from the bad acting  the ending did not make sense because while the story builds up what little steam it has towards the climax  which is igor getting a crossbow arrow to the head and the rest of his lunatic buddies being killed  he shows up again two more times to kill the remaining  good guys  . the movie offers no explanation of this  only telling the viewer that igor escaped from the mental hospital . what    bottom line is do not waste your time watching this movie . i wish i could get back the moments i lost watching this .  
  igor and the lunatics  is a totally inept and amateurish attempt at a crazy  hippie  cult  killing  spree horror movie . apparently even nearly twenty years later  charles manson was still inspiring overenthusiastic but incompetent trash  filmmakers . this is a typical troma production  meaning in other words  there  s a lot of boring and totally irrelevant padding footage to accompany the nonsensical plot . there  s a bit of random gore and gratuitous nudity on display  which isn  t bad  but it  s all so very pointless and ugly that it becomes frustrating to look at .  igor and the lunatics  is so desperate that it  s even using a lot of the footage twice  like the circle saw killing for example . the incoherent plot tries to tell the story of a hippie cult run by the drug  addicted and charlie manson wannabe paul . one of paul  s lower ranked disciples  named igor  becomes a little bit too obsessed with the bible stories and drug orgies and gradually causes the entire cult to descent further into criminal insanity . just to illustrate through a little example exactly how crazy igor is he tears the heart straight out of the chest of a really sexy black hitch  hiker girl  there  s an annoying synthesizer soundtrack and some truly embarrassingly lame pseudo  artistic camera tricks  like slow  motion footage and lurid dream sequences . maybe there  s one sequence that more or less qualifies as worthwhile for trash fanatics and that  is when a poor girl is cut in half with a machete . for no particular reason  the camera holds the shot of the blade in the bloodied stomach for fifteen whole seconds .  
pretty incoherent movie about a man who belonged to and left a     s superficially hippie religious cult  who fights them sixteen years later . the man has a child with one of the other cultists  who during a raid by the police is hidden away  and taken by another man named hawk who lives in a small cabin by the river . the cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town . it  s hard to keep track of who characters are  or what time period the scenes are supposed to be taking place . the leader gets paroled sixteen years later  i got that from the box  i missed the amount of time in the movie  . nobody is made to look any older  not noticeably  anyway .  br    br   one murder is done with a large circular logging saw  others are done with knives or a crossbow . i never heard the title character  s name mentioned in the movie  but he  s the one who overacts the most  hooting and hollering .  br    br   the movie is patched together pretty poorly  with voice  over helping  not much  to explain what is going on . some of the sound effects were pretty bad . a man is getting punched  and we hear the sound of a whip cracking . a woman fires a gun  and we don  t hear it fire  but hear a ricochet instead  it doesn  t seem to have been done for comical effect .  
simply terrible  why wouldn  t you use actual actors  look  this has to stop  stop using non  actors  if you want any credibility or any message sent via these low  budget films . . . please for the love of god use real actors  most will work for free . . . take advantage of that  now back to my comment . . . anyway  the humour was lower than that of the bathroom variety and wasn  t funny on any level . as for the quality . . . in one scene filmed on a public transportation bus you could see the reflection of the crew . . . guess what  it was one guy with what looked like a sony camcorder and probably not even his . well  i assume the only audience for this film are people with a gore fetish . . . and it wasn  t even good gore .  
i enjoyed the previous ittenbach movie that i  d seen   burning moon  . but while that movie was rather grim and nasty   premutos  seems to mostly play it for laughs . while its admirable how ittenbach made this movie with no money in his spare time  and the dvd documentary is worthwhile to see this   i found myself constantly battling not to fast  forward to the next gore scene . sure  there  s gore  and if that  s all you want then go ahead and enjoy . but be warned there  s an inordinate amount of lame comedy and tedious story exposition . many are comparing this to peter jackson  s movies  especially  braindead  . but looking at what jackson did on a similar budget in  bad taste   it  s clear ittenbach is lacking one thing that jackson has  talent .      for pretty good and plentiful gore effects  and for getting the most out of limited resources  but not worth the money i paid for it   
  br    br   the movie starts out as an ordinary comic  hero  movie . its about the boy who is picked on  has no parents and is madly in love with the schools   girl . nothing surprises in the movie  there is nothing that you cant guess coming in the movie . toby mcguire shows us that either he is no good actor or that no actor in the world can save a script like this one . maybe kids around the age of ten can enjoy the film but it is a bit violent for the youngest . you cant get away from thinking of movies like x  men  batman and spawn . all of those titles are better . i almost walked out the last   minutes  one thing that could have been good though was the computeranimation  but not even that is anything to put in the christmas  tree  so my recomendation dont see this film even if you get paid for it   
whoever wrote the  nice  post about this must have been a friend of these guys . this is bad even for backyard wrestling . in fact this isn  t even backyard wrestling really  it  s a few guys hitting each other on a trampoline . each guys is about   lbs wet and there is not one ounce of entertainment value in this . it is just a few bored kids that even give yard tards a bad name  if that is possible . if you want to see some entertaining backyard wrestling  pick up backyard wrestling a pleasure for pain . it stars the  biggest names in byw  mdogg   and josh prohibition . these guys are good . they have actually went since yarding it and gotten professionally trained as  real  pro wrestlers . they went legit and have gotten better . i recommend checking out those  guys . mdogg is insane and off the hook . so don  t waste your time or your cash on this crappy dvd  there are  better  back yard videos out there .  
yeah  unfortunately i came across the dvd of this and found that it was incredibly awful .  br    br   first of all  the characters suck . i mean  come on  if some dork in an orange hat who calls himself  orange sherbert  is the best creative idea these guys could come up for a character  then they should definitely not be in the film  making scene . poor  costumes   bad  interviews   and basically there is not one  wrestler  on this whole disc with any shred of charisma .  br    br   the  wrestling  in splatter rampage wrestling is nothing more than these idiots gently and playfully bouncing together on a trampoline . they make sure to giggle together all the while  too  making the experience seem more like a toddler  s playtime than a  wrestling deathmatch  .  br    br   basically  splatter rampage wrestling is a pretty lackluster backyard wrestling clone . only  instead of blood  weapons  mayhem  and wrestling  we get a trampoline  giggling kids  terrible audio  and some guy called orange sherbert .  br    br   wrestling fan or not  avoid this dvd . it  s awful .  
i understand what this movie was trying to portray . how the old are often ignored and treated like a bother  which means they end up feeling unappreciated and like their lives are empty .  br    br   i do not have a problem with this message  but i just feel that it could have been put across in a way that is not so painful to watch . i enjoy a good art movie but when a movie becomes too self  consciously arty  as in this case  the result is often frustrating . including shots of a person packing a suitcase slowly that take  minutes try to make a point but just end up annoying the audience .  br    br   the female characters are very weak and you end up wanting to just tell them to pull it together . this is a movie you feel you should enjoy or rate highly and certainly has its  merits but i was just too frustrated watching it to ever recommend it to someone else . it might have a deeper message than other roger michell movies  for example  notting hill   but at least that was a movie you could enjoy watching .  
in the last   years i have worked in  different indie professional wrestling organizations  managed many pro wrestlers  including  backyard wrestling stars   worked on  different wrestling tv programs and did voice  overs and commentary for many wrestling dvd  s . i have never witnessed the level of outright amateurish stupidity  lack of talent and skill  and shoddy production quality found in splatter rampage wrestling . to even list this as a wrestling video of any kind is an outright misuse of the term . shot with low  dollar video cameras  it  s essentially home videos of kids play  fighting in back yards . the sound quality is bad  the video quality is bad  and the acting is horrendous . the  wrestlers  wear makeshift costumes with hand  drawn tee shirts and ski masks and hit each other with a variety of items and halfway imitate wrestling moves . sometimes the  matches  are on the grass . sometimes on a back yard trampoline . all are poorly acted and executed with a shameless lack of any wrestling skill . in short  don  t bother with this stinker . whether your interest in this dvd is entertainment or academic  both in my case   you will be terribly disappointed .  
the plot is so manipulative  counting completely on the most uncredible and unthinkable decisions of the adults in each and every parenting decision . the children are super as far as charm and delivery of the lines but as i say  the whole plot depends on each and every adult being complete idiots  and therefore in that case  making more sense out of their actions  and at the same time being the only way to explain the boys actions of total mistrust  . why would sweey charming little boys take a baby from the shore  how did the baby get to the shore and at the same time account for it being the last place to be searched  why would the  boys never be informed an instead at the same time a baby is missing nobody gives a fig about them running around with food and diapers with all that commotion going on and literally every other place it searched  there is just no possible justification to ask the audience to believe this . asking to believe it would then do to trial  even the informal setting  is too insulting to bare .  
i rented this movie the other night because neither my girlfriend or myself had ever seen it  even though we had heard from a mutual friend how  great it was  .  br    br   now  i am pretty conservative in my views  but i knew going in it would be pretty liberal given who directed it . i figured before the movie started michael douglas would play a compassionate popular liberal beloved by the masses  and there would be a stodgy conservative opponent as his antagonist . but i thought thats where the political statement would begin and end .  br    br   ok  the plot was solid single president falls for a lobbyist . ok  this has potential i thought to be pretty entertaining  since the plot was unique . but then the movie turned into a liberal infomercial . the movie became more about gun control and environmental issues than it did about the relationship between the president and sydney  annette bening  .  br    br   there were several ridiculous premises in this movie   the character sydney playing this six figure lobbyist who is a  closer  . could she have been more flighty  she was constantly disorganized and seemed in awe of everything . hardly a  closer  . i am an sales  and she could not  close  selling a glass of water to a man dying of thirst .  br    br     secondly  is there anything more ridiculous than richard dreyfuss playing a right wing fanatic  this is the most liberal man in hollywood and her is playing some right wing ideologue . give me a break . i liked how he took his conservative character and made him as sinister as possible .  br    br     the speech at the end was simply ludicrous . the line about  i am a proud card carrying member of the aclu  was a joke . first  no president would ever admit something like that  being an active member of an ultra fringe group . second  why even bring something like that up . you just alienated off over half the movie going audience who is moderate or conservative .  br    br   i thought the plot was great and unique . i thought michael douglas was a good choice as president . but the movie went from being a  movie  to a left wing political statement  which is why the movie failed .  br    br   its a shame to see a great plot ruined by hollywood having to force their political views on the audience  
if derivative and predictable rape  revenge thrillers are your thing  then you  re in for a rare treat . . . they don  t really appeal to me  so i couldn  t find any single thing to redeem this peculiar tale . it seems like something straight out of the     s  a different age when this would have gone straight to video . gillian anderson and danny dyer do ok work with a weak script and a tedious scenario . but what is gillian anderson doing getting involved with a film like this after the brilliance of her performance as lady deadlock in the bbc tv adaptation of bleak house last year  the director is said to have been influenced by witnessing a near  rape and by his work on documentaries  but even that  s not an excuse for the bizarre scene where a pack of rural hounds beat up dyer . i don  t think i was the only person in the cinema laughing . what i can  t understand is the involvement of the companies behind this film  filmfour and verve pictures . both have been involved in some great independent british films in recent years . verve distributed bullet boy  code   and red road  straightheads doesn  t deserve to be mentioned in the same breath . filmfour and verve take note is this really the best you can do  what are independent british filmmakers going to make of your artistic judgement  it  s a big blot on both of your reputations . listen carefully can you hear the thousands of fans of independent british films crying in despair   
warning contains many spoilers   br    br   let me start by saying i have a huge respect for gillian anderson  s incredible talent as a varied and versatile actress  which is why i cannot comprehend her reasons for agreeing to make this film once she saw the script  or lack thereof .   br    br   the premise of the film was  in my opinion  a great idea and there were some genuinely thought  provoking themes in there but it ended up like a collapsed souffl . it exemplifies why i hate    of british cinema . it feels too long  it  s tedious  for the most part  and not a lot happens after the first twenty minutes . just when you think there  s a chance of it picking up some speed it disappoints like paula radcliffe running a marathon . with little imaginative directing and a minimalist plot  there isn  t much to keep the audience from nodding off into their popcorn . as for the script i can only surmise that the writer was trying to save a few trees  with the average scene reading something along the lines of  alice f off   adam stares . adam runs off into woods   alice follows  alice adam  adam   i suspect that  word for word  the actors probably got paid more than kate moss did for her virgin mobile adverts . what few lines there were didn  t have a lot of variation with a frequent use of the f  word that would make bridget jones  s friend  shazza  proud . there is little establishment of the main characters before the main sordid event which leaves the audience lacking much sympathy for the characters beyond an automatic  oh that  s terrible  reaction .  br    br   alice isn  t the kind of woman who courts sympathy either . she  s got a great job  an expensive london apartment with roof space to die for yet she comes across on screen as conceited  bitter and dissatisfied before her life takes a turn for the worst . after the attack a few layers are peeled back which sort  of explain why she is this way to start with she grew up with a tough  as  old  boots soldier who thought that teaching her how to shoot his gun was the ultimate expression of love so  instead of following in his footsteps  she ran away to the big city in search of something to make her feel like her life is worth living . instead she found a group of stereotypical middle  class toffs who look down on anyone not rich enough to drive a lexus and the luxuries that come with an integrated security  entertainment system  i . e . becoming mrs robinson to a wanna  be cockney wide  boy electrician  someone pass me a tissue . the one saving grace of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson . in the hands of a lesser actress she would  ve been intolerably one  dimensional but ms anderson actually manages to inject a few fleeting moments of humanity into this otherwise lifeless human being  most notably when she  s sincerely apologising for her road rage in a vain attempt to stop her attackers from continuing their assault .  br    br   i can  t say that adam fared much better either . danny dyer played him well as a fish  out  of  water jack the lad but a good performance couldn  t save him from both the lack of a script and the total absence of any character background .  br    br   this film relied mostly on shock value but the timing was off and it felt far too engineered from beginning to end . as for the shock  the most shocking thing about this film is the unashamed demonstration of how painfully thin ms anderson has become it was almost as unsettling to see as the brutal attack scenes . on a side note  only in a british film would a gang of violent sex attackers take the time to offer each other contraception before continuing to cheer their mates on  talk about stiff  upper  lip taken to the extreme  if this is the kind of film that the national lottery is donating money to make then i  m not surprised that fewer and fewer people are choosing to spend their pound each week .  br    br   saying that i hated this film is giving it too much credit  i didn  t care enough about any of the characters to warrant that strong an emotion . i want that one  and  a  bit hours of my life back  please   
gillian anderson is an arrogant  driven  career woman who picks up working class oik danny dyer for a night of fun . after a stupid accident in the countryside  they are brutally attacked . after recovering  and after a chance meeting with one of the attackers  their thoughts turn to that of revenge . . .  br    br   i thought  straightheads  was terrible . violent  brutal  misogynistic and unpleasant . if i didn  t dislike the phrase a great deal i would call  straightheads  a video nasty . certainly it was the kind of film that would have had a no budget release straight to video during the dark days of the      s . frankly i don  t know how  straightheads  got a cinema release .  br    br   i am not a prude . i don  t mind sex and violence in the movies  but they have to be married to a movie with a  a good plot or b  good characterisation or c  preferably both .  straightheads  had neither . no progression in the plot or the characters and too much left unexplained and unsaid . luckily  straightheads  went nowhere fast . it was only   minutes long .  br    br   it was a shame  because there was the germ of an interesting film here  with an especially interesting turn in the plot in the last third . how often do i say this  but it could have been good if it had been done properly . what a shame . i really like gillian anderson and danny dyer  but they were on a hiding to nothing with this film . she  especially  is very underrated  and is still particularly fit  .  br    br   if you want to see a good british revenge movie  rent or buy shane meadows   dead man  s shoes  . it is a little masterpiece . last weekend i should have seen his  this is england  instead . ce sera sera . . .  
well where to start here  straightheads presents me with a bit of a dilemma . had this film come out of italy in  say       been directed by ruggero deodatto and starred david hess  then i  d be lapping it up faster than labrador drinks water on a summer  s day . because whilst tarantino and rodriguez are busy elsewhere with their homage to grindhouse cinema  dan reed has produced a rape  revenge grindhouse picture of his very own in england  and on seemingly the same budget as it would have taken rodriguez to turn rose mcgowan  s leg into a machine gun . because if you want to play grindhouse bingo  then let me call out the  numbers    br    br    . rich  high flying career woman meets a bit of rough from the wrong side of the tracks in an implausible manner and  equally implausibly  gets the hots for him . check .  br    br    . gratuitous shots of said high  flying career woman in various states of nudity . check .  br    br    . convoluted and highly unlikely plot development that sets up characters that exist solely to do what they do and who cannot be imagined to have any existence outside the scenes they are in . check .  br    br    . unnecessarily graphic rape scene perpetrated by a gang of males with no discernible depth of personality or background other than they are there to rape . check .  br    br    . gritty and bloody scenes of murder and revenge to round it all off . bingo   br    br   plotwise  straightheads is pretty basic stuff dyer meets anderson and she invites him to a party at a country pile owned by her boss . on the way home  they upset three locals in a landover who take their revenge by giving dyer a good shoeing and gang raping anderson . the couple then set about getting their revenge . so far  so  straw dogs    late night trains    house on the edge of the park    i spit on your grave  etc etc . so why didn  t i think much of this film  a number of reasons i suppose first off  having the likes of gillian anderson in the cast prima facie lead me to expect better  but it  s the complete lack of honesty here than rankles most .  br    br   because whenever anyone sits down to watch hess and his ilk terrorising women and murdering their menfolk in those period pieces from the    s  then they always know exactly what they are getting  low budget quickies designed solely to shock and appeal to the lowest common denominator . the baddies terrorise and murder the goodies  the goodies turn the tables on the baddies and kill them back  and everyone goes home satisfied  their desires to see a bit of nasty violence slaked and safe in the knowledge that the world order had been restored .  br    br   as writer and director however  dan reed clearly believes straightheads has far more to say on the state of the human psyche than that  and desperately tries to imbibe his film with a philosophical depth that is simply not there . for instance  when anderson and dyer are planning revenge on their attackers  they learn that one of the rapists has a fourteen  year  old daughter who is an object of lust for the two men he hangs around with . when anderson finally meets him face to face  he confesses that he only raped her as a distraction so that his two mates would take their attention away from his daughter    the casual and audacious way that reed drops this little revelation into the plot is simply jaw  dropping  it  s almost as if he expects this simple reference to paedophilia to be enough to throw the audience  s moral compass into overdrive and make them leave the cinema thinking they  ve just sat through something of significance . to make sure we  get it   at this point we are shown a run through of the rape sequence for a second time  ostensibly from the view of the attacker and his concern for his daughter  but reed ensures that we get plenty more shots of anderson rough  handled and raped across the bonnet of her car . gratuitous does not enter into it .  br    br   after being told his reasons for raping her  anderson ties him over a table  rams the business end of a sniper rifle  complete with bulky silencer  just in case anyone wasn  t clear on the phallic imagery  up his jacksie but lacks the courage to pull the trigger  telling dyer  who has no such moral qualms  that  it  s over  . dyer argues otherwise and their moral dilemma is presented as something that wittgenstein and russell may have discussed in their rooms back at cambridge over tea and cakes . it is almost unwatchable in its ludicrousness .  br    br   in fairness  ms anderson acts her guts out throughout the film . it  s obvious she wants to leave scully far behind and  bless her  she certainly does that one wonders what mulder would have made of his erstwhile partner squatting down to take a leak at the side of the road and then sodomising a man with a gun  dyer  on the other hand  does what he  s done in virtually every film he  s made to date  that is  plays a gor blimey guv cockney type chappie with a roguish grin  a cheeky line of patter and a face that most people would never get tired of punching . this is particularly true at the closing scene where  after murdering his assailants in cold blood  dyer gazes at the camera in  what i  m sure is meant to be  a look of existential anguish that invites us to sympathise at the hand fate has dealt him and the moral quandaries he has had to overcome  but instead is far more reminiscent of oliver hardy looking exasperatedly at the camera after stan has landed him in yet another fine mess . which incidentally  sums up this film quite nicely .  
i  d been following this films progress for quite some time so perhaps expected a little too much . i consider both gillian anderson and danny dyer to be good at what they do and was interested to see what dan reed could come up with but unfortunately it just didn  t work for me .  br    br   the problem lies in the fact that the film doesn  t really seem to understand which genre it  s falling into and as such it fails to impress on drama  horror and thriller elements because rather than focusing on one of them and doing it well it  s a bit of a jack of all trades and master of none .  br    br   the premise  as with most revenge films  is simple  couple meet and go out  something bad happens and they get their revenge it  s a simple formula and one that many directors have handled expertly over the years . unfotunately in this case it  s as if dan reed thought   it  d be great to do one of those revenge films that goes a little deeper by showing a more human side to all the characters and delving into their mental state in more detail . . . .  wrong  there are also a few key elements missing  in this type of movie there  s generally some kind of warning . a don  t do this or this might happen element which adds to the tension but there  s nothing of the sort here . it just simply happens  then nothing happens for an hour  then something interesting happens and then it ends .  br    br   there  s a lot of really stiff competition in this genre and hats of to dan reed for trying  i have no issue with his directing abilities but in term of writing . . . i  d say next time he should stick to the formula for the type of film he  s making instead of trying to be too clever and he  ll have a quality movie on his hands .  
a truly horrible film that left me feeling sullied by having watched the forty minutes or so i could stand . not the actors  fault  but the writer  director  producers  financiers  etc .  need a very stiff talking to . maybe it thinks it is profound . it isn  t . this rape and ultra  violence  unlike that central to clockwork orange  has nothing to say about or add to the sum of human understanding . it  s no straw dogs  either  to which i have seen it compared . rather it feels like something pete walker might have turned his hand to  yet even in saying that i  m probably being a bit unfair on pete walker .  br    br   revenge is a powerful human desire  but the bedroom window has more to say about that and male emasculation than this pitiful effort .  br    br   i don  t think it  s particularly misogynistic  merely too gleeful in its depiction of certain details   the blood running down ga  s leg post rape  par example . it  s neither challenging nor confrontational  though i  m sure the film  makers consider themselves very  daring   just deeply unpleasant .  br    br   is this as high as we can aim  is this why those involved wanted to make films   i did write in here the latin phrase which translates as oh the times  oh the customs  but the new spell  check on imdb wouldn  t let me post until i had removed it . likewise i had to remove square parentheses . get it sorted imdb .   br    br   where is the lofty aspiration  the noble impulse  when you look at british film  the joyful comedies of ealing or the boulting brothers carol reed  s work with graham greene on fallen idol  our man in havana or the sublime the third man  a film which has far more to say about evil than a thousand straightheads   the work of powell  pressburger or if you want to talk about sex  violence and male emasculation look at  the offence  dir . sidney lumet  from an original play by john hopkins check out  tunes of glory  for something worth making  that has something to say .  br    br   unlike the foregoing  straightheads is  alas  an altogether hateful waste of celluloid .  
this is the biggest load of crap that i have seen in a long time . the last time i hated a movie so much was whilst watching    days later  and  magnolia  . there is absolutely no point to this movie  except to see some really sick and twisted sex  rape scenes  gillian anderson relieving herself on the side of the road  and every single sentence of dialog having to use the  f  word at least a couple of times in it . it has extremely cheap acting and is very low budget . my friend and i eventually turned off the movie after about half an hour . we had tried to give it a chance  but nothing could save this crud . do not watch it     
disappointing and irritating . the screenwriter has no true understanding of human nature but instead strings together clichs in a disjointed fashion . character is not explored in depth . these are puppets plunked down in a plot he openly confesses needed a dramatic element  the mother  s affair with her daughter  s lover .  br    br   anne reid gives an excellent performance in spite of being given some peculiar situations and lines  such standing passively to allow her angry daughter to slug her in the eye . the script portrays darren  daniel craig  as a dr . jekyll  mr . hyde without any hints about why  except that he snorts cocaine before the big scene .  br    br   a mature writer could have done so much more with this topic .  
this reminded me soo much of michael winner  s crappy  dirty weekend  with it  s awful english low budget feel .  br    br   firstly i must say i am a fan of both exploitation and serious film . i appreciate  say   demented  for it  s ineptitude and  last house on the left  for it  s sheer unashamed brutality . and any number of inventive and increasingly brutal italian spin offs .  br    br   this was just pointless though . kind of like a british budget director thought  let  s remake  i spit on your grave  without making it too harrowing now that horror is back in fashion with hostel .  br    br   the whole thing just doesn  t hang together or have a point . what  s with the rapists  s daughter  why bother having the man be an expert in security cameras  crappy .  
this movie is the worst i  ve seen in the last  years . it is surprising how brilliant actors like two main characters in this movie has accepted to act in such worthless peace of trash . the film is rape  beating and revenge genre . couple has gone to party and on the way back they hit a deer and he went out to finish it when a jeep full of bad guys comes . he didn  t go to their car  instead he has been kicked and well beaten while she tries to run the car engine which betray her and she has been gang raped . then somehow she is in her fathers house and one of bad guys is her neighbor so she took shotgun and wanted to kill him . . . so stupid scenario  bellow hollywood  he was against that revenge but  she is raped   they laugh to her  so she must kill them all . . . but once inside the house she was satisfied by pushing rifle  s top in bad guys anus and went away while he has gone crazy and execute bad guy . personally i think that director run out of money before finishing this because movie ends before they execute anyone else involved in this gang  rape and beating which is not big surprise because sponsor obviously has seen this and wanted to take back his money . lol this movie is not even for people who enjoy watching rape because they won  t see anything they are looking for . . . this director should be banned . . . it is for upsetting that this peace of trash has been made by british cinematography which i personally like and that is the reason i  ve watched this . don  t do it yourself you have better things to do that watching stupid scenario film . . .  
an unpleasant woman and an equally unpleasant man are violently and horribly assaulted by a group of two  dimensional psycho thugs during a night  time encounter on a forest road in shropshire  england . the man and woman who were assaulted plan and carry out a revenge attack on their attackers . . .  br    br   utterly repellent piece of voyeuristic trash  somehow masquerading as  thought  provoking  drama  whilst actually coming across as sub  michael winner crp  you just know that oliver reed and susan george would have been cast had it so easily have been made in the     s  . what happens to alice  gillian anderson  and adam  danny dyer  is appalling and devastating  yet dan reed somehow manages to rub the viewer  s nose in every last glob of its sexual nastiness . his camera lingers hungrily on anderson  s naked body both during and after the assault  whilst the script leaves almost all the characters floundering in a turgid sea of two dimensional clich . his script forces his characters to behave in such a way as to alienate the viewer further from the  victims  by shoving more ghastly situations into their faces  adams  s attempted post  incident assaults on both sophie and alice alice  s assault on heffer after his suicide  attempt confession  .  br    br   the quandary comes from the central protagonists  performances  dyer is a horrible actor  incapable of light and shade as the young male victim of the initial assault  he  ll end up in eastenders  mark my words   but anderson is extraordinary . even as the atrocious script forces her character to behave in depraved and ludicrous ways  she somehow delivers an extraordinarily compelling and complicated characterisation as a self  indulgent  arrogant hedonist who encounters such horrors and needs to retaliate .  br    br   a vile and pointless film then  almost but not quite rescued by a compelling central female performance .  
although i use this site quite frequently to see how other people rated what i think are challenging or just plain enjoyable films  after watching this  movie  on film four last night i felt compelled to write something down  even if it just helps cleanse me once again .  br    br   the film was possibly the shallowest experience i  ve ever had  the main characters played by danny dyer     you sure   and gillian anderson  who will always be scully as leonard nimoy will always be spock  had no real substance about them  i  m not sure if the first half  hour of the film didn  t make the final cut but surely in a revenge movie you would like some empathy with the victims . . . here i couldn  t care less . in fact  the only character i did seem to care about was the dog  with the stag coming a close second . and both animals out  acted dire  sic  and scully  who were quite frankly terrible . i guess though you  re only as good as the script you are given  and i  d like to warmly thank the writers  the producers  the director and all of the cast for wasting   minutes of my life and some perfectly good electricity .  
i was really looking forward to watching this  being that i love danny dyer and i think gillian anderson is a gifted actress . the beginning was interesting . i liked the relationship between the two stars . it then quickly jumps to the main plot  which is they get attacked by a group of strangers and dyer gets beaten extremely bad while anderson gets raped . they then decide to go for some revenge . sounds good  right  well  it  s not . the story gets boring and side  tracked  and certain things get really weird . i won  t give out any details  but things happen that i  for one  have no desire to see . i like to give all movies the benefit of the doubt  and i really wanted to like this one . it just didn  t work out . i give it a  out of    mainly for the acting .  
this uk psychological thriller is known in the united states as closure . exploitation of x  files  gillian anderson  who plays an attractive middle aged businesswoman of substance named alice . she must attend a business party and invites adam  danny dyer   who just installed a security system for her  to be her escort . on the way home  speeding through the woods on a narrow lane  alice  s auto collides with a deer . after pulling the wounded animal off the road  the couple is savagely attacked by a drunken gang of thugs . adam is beat to a pulp alice is gang raped and both are emotionally and physically devastated by the ruthless attack . when the identities of their attackers are discovered  alice and adam set out to exact revenge . . . brutal revenge . the couple at times find themselves at odds on how to deal with the ruthless attackers . their final decision is to avenge with no mercy . let there be no mistake  payback is hell . also in the cast anthony calf  ralph brown  francesca fowler and antony byrne . brutal violence  disturbing images  nudity and graphic rape .  
unless i  m sadly mistaken  i rented a nightmare on elm street  several years ago and there was a music video  i  m pretty sure which was called dream warriors  at the end of it  and i rented this one on dvd hoping that the video would be there because it was one of the funniest things i  ve ever seen . it  s amazing how stuff from the   s is so funny now  but nothing is funnier than   s rap videos . there was this rap group singing that song dream warriors on the vhs version of this movie after the credits  and they  re all wearing like denim jackets with no shirt underneath and form fitting jean shorts that are all frayed at the bottoms like daisy dukes . what could make a rap group look more foolish i can  t imagine .  br    br    spoilers  at any rate  i was disappointed in looking for that video on the dvd version  so all i had was this mediocre installment in the freddy krueger series . the movie sort of starts off with the same idea as part   with the main character witnessing all kinds of gruesome murders and then sort of coming out of a trance and finding himself with the bloody hands . kristen parker  patricia arquette  has a nightmare about the infamous house that nancy thompson used to live in  then runs to the bathroom  the sink  s handles turn into freddy  s hands and attack her  and then she wakes up standing in her bathroom having slit her own wrists . from there  the movie turns into the usual mental hospital installment .  br    br   larry  fishburne  tired of always playing the bad guy in his roles  was happy to take on the role in this film as a nice  guy orderly  stern but accommodating when the patients want to bend the rules a little . not surprisingly  he turns in what is by leaps and bounds the best performance in the movie . arquette later goes on to become an accomplished actor  but had not perfected her acting skills when she starred in this film . the characters in the movie are mostly all patients at the mental hospital that kristen is placed into after cutting her wrists . all of them are cynical and uncooperative  almost none believing that they really belong there at all . eventually  they realize and are able to convince the staff that they are all having dreams about the same man and it  s not just some kind of group hysteria .  br    br   heather langenkamp has returned in her famous role as nancy thompson  this time grown up into a dream researcher as a result of her childhood experiences involving freddy krueger . not surprisingly  she is able to quickly relate to the hysterical kristen and the rest of the patients  since she had experienced exactly what they  re going through . there are some interesting murders in this installment  and the technology used for the special effects have taken a huge jump . there is a gigantic  worm  like freddy that tries to swallow kristen whole  there is a scene where a television turns into freddy and with mechanical arms he picks up one of the patients there for some late night entertainment and punishes her for sitting too close to the tv  but there is also an unconvincing go  motion scene where a couple guys have a fight with freddy krueger  s skeleton  which has been rotting in the trunk of some car in a car junkyard . and one of the more groan  inducing scenes was one where freddy attacks one of the patients in his dream  the one famous for sleepwalking   tearing the muscles and tendons out of his arms and legs and leading him around like a puppet . ouch .  br    br   we get a peek into freddy  s past in this installment . not only do we meet his mother  but we also find out the circumstances that led to freddy being fathered by more than    maniacs . in fighting freddy  the patients all band together and  in their dreams  use their special powers  most of which reflect their shortcomings in real life  to fight him . one student  bound to a wheelchair  is able to walk in his dreams  another has the hilarious powers of what he calls the wizard master   another is beautiful and bad   she has lots of makeup  her hair stands up in a foot  high mohawk  and she has knives  . clever  but the movie falters when it has only one of the patients  the one who can  t speak  not have any powers in his dreams until the climax of the movie  when he suddenly realizes that he can talk in his dreams  at just the right moment to save the day  . his dream power was a little too obvious to have been left out for that long  but collectively  now you see why the movie was subtitled dream warriors .  br    br   altogether  this is not an entirely weak entry into the series . the acting is pretty shoddy  but it  s actually pretty good for a horror movie . larry fishburne vastly overshadows the rest of the cast  displaying wonderful acting skills early on in his career  and the movie is not simply a rehash of either of the first two  a problem that plagues the friday the   th movies much more than the elm street films . the characters are never developed enough to allow for the later creation of much tension  which is why most of the deaths come across more as creative ways to kill off someone in a horror film than the tragic loss of the life of one of the characters that we  ve come to know and root for their triumph over evil . but then again  not a lot of horror movies take the time to really develop their characters to the point where you throw up your hands in defeat when they are killed  or are on the edge of your seat as they run for their lives . but it  s important to note that the few horror films that actually do that are almost invariably the best ones  
what kind of sht is this  power rangers vs freddy  it was watchable and as good as the first film in the beginning but from the part where the protagonists get super powers in theirs dreams  it started to become childish . this sht should have been rated pg or pg    rather than r . i expected to see some very mature stuff but it was only for the    of the film . the rest are for little kids . plus it  s focused too much on christianity . i know freddy  s a demon but there are many religions that have different ways to fight demons . why does it always have to be christianity  this is total orientalism and filled with white men  westerner  s superiority . don  t  watch this  show it to little kids who loves power rangers .  
jeez  only in the    s . . . antonio margheriti brings us this quirky hybrid of spaghetti western and kung fu flick evolving around a treasure  hunt . the spices of this trashy co  production between shaw brothers and an italian one  off company include humorous storytelling  off  the  wall happenings and some very tame ta . extra campy moments are being served by lee van cleef  s obnoxious wig  leather  clad bible  thumping psycho gunman yancey hobbitt  loveably hammed up by julian ugarte  the man who should  ve done way more obscure european genre productions than he did   wanna  be  witty dialogue  hilarious background music and completely laughable sound effects accompanying various little events  especially every jump made by lo lieh  .  br    br   while this little piece of action falls fare and square into the turkey territory  it  s great to see van cleef and lo lieh on the same screen  and you can  t deny the charisma of this duo . don  t expect too much  and you  ll get plenty out of it .  br    br   this is my truth . what is yours   
although there were some amusing moments  i thought the movie was pretty lame . the longer it ran  the worse it got . once the action entered monument valley  i found myself watching the magnificent outcroppings more than the increasingly silly and unconvincing interaction of the characters .  br    br   the character of the daughter was particularly incoherent . first she  s in on the deal  then discovers the truth and she bails . then she  s back again  then deserts them again . then she  s back again . there  s no apparent motivation for any of her decisions . there were interesting characters  some interesting scenes  and many missed possibilities . i would have to say the pictures was much less than the sum of its parts . apparently the people who liked repo man were inclined to like this one . searchers  .  is no match for the searchers .  
may  anne reid  and toots  peter vaughan  are paying an apparently infrequent visit to their son bobby  steven mackintosh  and his family in london . even as the visit begins  toots suffers a fatal heart attack  leaving may adrift  unsure  and questioning her life and future . finding herself attracted to her daughter  s boyfriend darren  daniel craig   her actions lead to inevitable consequences .  br    br   beautifully filmed  but for all its heralded realism and acclaim  the mother offers a collection of mostly unpleasant  even repellent characters  and asks the viewer to engage with them . reid shines as may  and it is her skill and commitment as a wonderfully understated actor that salvages the film from a completely depressing mire  but michell and kureishi have allowed craig  mackintosh and cathryn bradshaw to create such utterly obnoxious characters  that it becomes increasingly difficult to care what happens to may . as written  the characters played by mackintosh and bradshaw are in fact so utterly selfish and cold  hearted that one begins to wonder what exactly was kureishi trying to say . as directed  they are either unwilling or unable to lift bobby and paula above the two dimensional in their ghastly selfishness .  br    br   worth seeing for reid  s performance  but little else . a crying shame . . .  
i knew i was going to see a low budget movie  but i expected much more from an alex cox film . the acting by the two leading men was terrible  especially the white guy . the girl should have won an oscar compared to those two . this movie was filled with what i guess would be inside jokes for film industry people and a few other jokes that i actually understood and made me laugh out loud  which is rare . without these laugh  out  loud moments i would have given this film     . what happened to the alex cox who made all the   s classics   br    br   spoiler  br    br   there were a couple of questions i had after the movie was over . why did the mexican guy go to the other guy  s house at the beginning  what did his daughter say he got    people fired from his last job  why was she breaking her own stuff when she was mad at him  i guess i should have gone to the qa after the movie  but i didn  t want to get up at   am .  
seriously  there is absolutely nothing good about this crap fest at all . randolph scott  a closet homosexual who lived with his lover cary grant for twelve years  is at his most wooden and boring in the least role . at   he was clearly far too old for these romantic roles  although it doesn  t matter so much here because gail russell looks so much older than her   years and she is so ugly due to her chronic alcoholism and chain smoking . lee marvin plays his usual villainous role but it isn  t enough to save this garbage . thank god they don  t make westerns any more  they  re just dated  racist old movies that glamorise guns and murder .  br    br       .  
i wondered why i didn  t like peggy sue got married more than i did  when it first came out in      with all the hype . somehow i found nic cage  s character off  putting . way off  putting . then the plot didn  t seem to make sense . then by the end of the credits  the question came to mind what point was this movie making  what was it saying  the answer  unfortunately  was not much  if anything . i really don  t think this movie aimed at making a statement unless it was  your life is your life  you  re gonna make the same mistakes no matter what  so keep your eye upon the doughnut  and not the hole  . not a very profound statement  and i  m sorry  not profoundly made in this movie . the writing simply isn  t that good . the direction is uneven  and is strangely overblown at times . kathleen turner was the best  and in my opinion  only worthwhile thing in this movie  and performed something of a miracle creating a whole character despite bizarre  unexplained circumstances  with a script that had no apparent statement to make .  br    br   she also finally cleared up the mystery for me of the main reason i didn  t enjoy this movie more . she states in her autobiography that cage made a point of fighting his uncle coppola  s direction every step of the way  doing it  his own way   not a good idea for a new actor   and putting on a goofy voice she called  stupid  . his voice was annoying  abrasive and unnatural  and his character was obnoxious and overbearing as a young guy . i understand what he was attempting to do play a young  guy  hot shot  who is not as hot as he thinks he is  setting up his own karma for future failure . but he goes overboard  the way he does it is abrasive  not effective  and if he had listened to his uncle instead of  fighting the man   we would have had a more enjoyable film . cage slips a little with his obnoxious voice stylings in the movie and occasionally sounds like a real person  and those scenes are more watchable than others . but if i had to watch the movie through in its entirety  i would find myself wanting to pay someone in l . a . to pour a bucket of water over his head during some of his more affected  put  on  scenes .  br    br   the movie doesn  t aim for a statement  doesn  t make a point  is great to look at except when cage is doing a demented elvis impression  but without the voice   and is  ultimately  confusing and a waste of time . given all this  kathleen turner surely deserved an oscar in this flailing mess of a movie . i can  t recommend anyone spending two hours watching this  unless you like turner and have a remote to pick out all her scenes . believe me  you will miss nothing plotwise by skipping the other scenes  and it will make just as much sense .  br    br   kathleen turner is getting a lot of flak from critics regarding her cage comments  which proves that she  s strong enough to be honest  and to hell with other people  s comments . you go  turner  i  m not particularly a fan of this actress any more than i am of any other first  rate actor or actress  but her candor is refreshing . cage  s acting can be good to annoying  and here it doesn  t work . at least  in this film  now we know why .  
did francis ford coppola have a brain aneurysm some time after directing  apocalypse now  that made him absolutely incapable of making a good movie   br    br   you have to wonder what the director of  the godfather  and  the conversation  was thinking when he made this flabby film . it gives kathleen turner a starring vehicle  playing a woman who travels back in time and gets to redo her adolescence knowing all of the things that life as an adult has taught her  and turner  the trooper that she is  does what she can with it  but this movie couldn  t be saved by anyone .  br    br   it doesn  t even have any style to it  and  given its director  one would expect that even if it had nothing else  it would have that .  br    br   grade c   
this movie is an embarrassment to film  making . i can  t believe it was even listed as a comedy  not funny . not only was the script atrocious  but the casting people should be shot . gail o  grady is just a great actress  but beyond that . . .    of the rest of the cast . . . ouch . pretty much everyone else . . . wow it is hard to even . . . wow . here is the number one rule about comedy  don  t try to be funny  . there are a lot of very talented actors in canada who can do drama and comedy  none of them were used in this film . canadian nepotism and casting directors are helping to perpetuate bad film  making in canada . i realize this is technically a  us  film  but look at the director  actors  location  etc . i just saw this on bravo  they should be ashamed that they bought the rights to show this film . again  there are a lot of great films out there that can  t get airtime and they show this crap .  
a great slasher movie   too bad it was the producers and not part of the script . basic plot summary  man with redhead fetish goes invites such women to his flat only to go into some kind of freakish coma and proceeds in offing them to various degrees of success . only the cutting crew behind the scenes must have thought the movie was as ad as i did and chopped the heck out of the movie . nothing flows  you get lost on which redhead he is with at the time  didn  t he off that one earlier     and most of the time it looks like the camera man passed out and resumed filming when he awoke . not that i can blame him i passed out    times and had to rewind and resume to try to regain what little plot that does exist . warning when you see the ending do not try to connect it with anything that happens before   you will just get an aneurysm . not worth the time  effort  or god forbid money . only reason to get a  instead of a   the slim chance that the hacking occurred between film release and the horrible version that i watched .  
oh  those italians  assuming that movies about aristocrats with weird fetishes  castles drowned in gothic atmosphere  and back  stabbing relatives trying to get their hands on an inheritance are inherently interesting to all  if you  ve seen one film of this type  you  ve basically seen them all  the mst  k favorite  screaming skull  fits the mold  too  . . . and  the night evelyn came out of the grave  is formulaic  by  the  numbers  and dull as hell . even the luscious erika blanc is put to waste here .  br    br   zero     br    br    
soiler it  s fake  the whole thing is a fake  there is no ghosts or zombies  alan is a lord and his cousin or brother or half brother or something like that wants the castle and his title for himself . so he invests this overly complicated and needless pointless plan ala scooby  doo to drive alan to commit suicide . most of the movie is him picking up redheads and attacking them . he  s not even killing them . he drops off to sleep and the girl vanishes and he thinks he buried them someplace . if he looked at the so  called ghost of evelyn  he could tell she was wearing gloves  my god what a waste of time . don  t bother watching it  renting and if you bought it and haven  t watched it yet  sell it . quickly  do yourself a favor and stay away from the night evelyn came out of the grave . i give this stinker the crap  o  lantern .  
exceptionally horrible tale that i can barely put into words . the best part of the movie was when one of the murder victims turns up at the end  alive and well  only to be massacred again . there is the chance that i missed some crucial plot elements since i may have been in a slight coma during the time this baby was on . the box that the movie comes in shows scenes that are never even in the film . i was lured in by the crude images of bondage torture and promises of a  euro  trash  sexy horror flick .  i get the feeling this was the budget version and about one quarter of the film was left out . all the good stuff more than likely . i got the pg    addition that made about as much sense as the end to the new  planet of the apes  movie . watch this one with a friend and a bottle of the hard stuff . you  ll need it .  
the night evelyn came out of the grave  emilio miraglia  italy      .  br    br   i only watched this delirious piece of euro  tosh in the way of alpha video  s dreadful dvd  release  looks like an extremely bad video  transfer   but from what i saw  not nearly interesting enough to purchase no shame  s recent dvd  release . considering their excellent track record  it will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous releases . and don  t pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here  it  s not taken from this film  some girl holding the head of a jim carrey look  a  like  .  br    br   spaghetti western star anthony steffen sports a hip hairdo and assumes the role of lord alan cunningham  a man haunted by the memory of his dead wife evelyn . this leads to a nervous breakdown which has him being retained in a psychiatric clinic . once released  cunningham channels this trauma by taking redheaded prostitutes to his countryside castle  subjecting them to vicious acts of torture . his doctor and friend  richard timberlane  what do you mean  italian horror names sound  made up     advises him to forget the past and remarry but cunningham is obsessed with evelyn and even organizes a sance at the castle . eventually  after killing some more girls  he meets gladys  another redhead  and marries her almost immediately  but the arrival of his new wife spawns a series of sinister events . bloodthirsty creatures strike at sir alan  s family  killing them off one by one . becoming more distraught  cunningham visits evelyn  s tomb and discovers it to be empty . soon  a number of  outsiders  begin to suspect something fishy is going on in the castle and lord cunningham  s treatment might not have been that successful after all .  br    br   director emilio miraglia tries to blend gothic horror with giallo conventions with limited success . as usual  not the slightest effort was made to convince audiences the film is set in england . the cars drive on the right side of the road  everyone looks very mediterranean and the castle  and the rest of the architecture  is patently italian . this is common practice in italian horror  but sometimes they just take this a little too far . the bad print made this even slightly bearable  since it  s so dark  you couldn  t see much of the surroundings anyway . but  then again  this is the kind of film where anything can happen in the name of exploitation and depicting reality isn  t really the issue . a large part consists of sado  masochistic torture scenes in the castle torture chamber  but most of the time  anthony steffen hams his way through this and shows some horrible over  acting . i guess it all depends on your state of mind and this can be a fun piece of nonsense if you  re in the right mood . i just couldn  t take it  at least not with the print i watched . a pleasant score though by bruno nicolai which combines easy  listening tunes with some psychedelic rock numbers .  br    br   camera obscura         
never before has a film driven me to write a review but this was just dire . i stuck with it trying to find what it was about this film that made snoop pick it as his first serious role but frankly it was a poor choice . maybe this made a good book but it certainly did not work for me as a film . i found it unbelievable  lacking atmosphere and i found many of the scenes hideously stilted . a musical maestro he may be but a serious actor snoop ain  t . the acting by dylan mcdermott and rose byrne was passable but not enough to carry a weak plot with feeble dialogue . perhaps i have just entirely missed the point but to me it didn  t fit into any genre  it didn  t elicit any empathy with the characters nor did it create any suspense  in fact i found myself praying for the end and quelling a deep desire to slap all three of the main characters   
lord alan cunningham  antonio de teff  is a nutjobseen early on trying to escape an insane asylum  with this castle slowly succumbing to ruin  likes to kill various hookers who resemble his deceased wife evelyn  a woman who betrayed him for another man  with those red locks . this nutcase is quite wealthy and his bachelor status can be quite alluring . he  however  is overrun by his obsession with his late wife  s memory  specifically her adultery . . he saw her naked with the lover  . while the memory of evelyn is almost devouring his whole existence  alan tries his best to find true love and believes he has with gladys  marina malfatti  who spends most of the film naked . . that  s probably her lone attribute since she isn  t a very good actress   who agrees to marry him after a very short courtship which should probably throw up flags right awaythere  s a key moment of dialogue where she knows exactly to the very amount what he is worth .  br    br   the only real person alan can confide in is his doctor from the hospital  dr . richard timberlane  giacomo rossi  stuart  . there are other key characters in this film that revolve around alan . alan  s cousin  george  rod murdock   seems to be quite a good friend who often supplies him victims . . i mean dates  while holding onto hope of getting his lord  s estate some day . albert  roberto maldera   evelyn  s brother  is a witness to alan  s slaughter and  instead of turning him into the police  squeezes him for cash . aunt agatha  joan c davis   wheelchair bound  lives at the castle estate and is often seen snooping around behind cracked doors . we later find that she is having a love affair with albert .  br    br   all that is described above services the rest of the story which shows what appears to be the ghost of evelyn haunting alan  someone is killing off members of the cast family that revolve around alan  and the body of evelyn is indeed missing .  br    br   the ultimate question is who is committing the crimes after alan and gladys are married  where is evelyn  s body  and will alan go over the edge  i have to be honest and say i just didn  t really care much for this film . it  s badly uneven and the pacing is all over the place . it looks great on the new dvd and the  rising from the grave sequence  is cool  but what really hurts the film in my mind is that the entire cast is unlikable . you really have a hard time caring for alan because he is a psychotic who is skating on thin ice in regards to holding his sanity . he can be quite volatile . who commits the crime really isn  t that great a surprise for after several key characters are murdered off  there aren  t but a choice few who could be doing it . what happens to alan doesn  t really make your throat gulp because you can make the argument he  s just getting what he deserves . those behind the whole scheme of the film in regards to alan  as i pointed out before  aren  t that shocking because if you are just slightly aware of certain circumstances  . . or advantages they  d have  that would benefit them with the collapse of alan  s sanity  then everything just comes off less than stellar . i thought the editing was choppy and unexciting  but the acting from the entire cast is really below par . some stylistics help and there is a sniff of gothic atmosphere in the graveyard sequences to help it some .  
alan  anthony steffen   an english multi  millionaire with a few screws loose  thanks to his first wife  s infidelity and untimely death during childbirth   entices sexy  red  headed women to his castle  offering them bundles of cash to stay the weekend . once back at his ancestral pile  he gets them nekkid  proceeds to flog them with a bull  whip  and then kills them .  br    br   but when he meets blonde hottie gladys  marina malfatti  and falls for her ample charms  he decides to give up his murderous ways and get married . their wedded bliss is short  lived  however  thanks to alan  s iffy mental state  which becomes increasingly fragile when his dead wife evelyn starts to appear outside his window and a spate of gruesome murders occur within the castle grounds .  br    br   so let  s recap a groovy   s euro  horror with loads of tasty women in various states of undress spooky gothic retreats and misty graveyards a sadistic rich psycho with a penchant for drop  dead gorgeous babes with cracking bods several vicious murders  including a great bit where one victim has her head bashed in with a rock and her entrails eaten by foxes  . normally  a checklist like that would guarantee me a good timeso why did i find  the night evelyn came out of her grave  so dull  well  for starters  the plot is way too convoluted there are red herrings  crazy plot developments  and suspects galore  and it all becomes a bit too much . by the ridiculous endingin which we discover that  all along  several people have been plotting to get their greedy paws on alan  s wealth  and that our red  head killing nut  job is actually supposed to be the hero of the moviemy head was hurting too much to care  secondly  emilio maraglia  s direction is pretty torpid . stylish  yes but as slow as molasses at times .  br    br   and then there  s the bits that are just too damn silly  possibly even for a giallo the death by poisonous snake bite  surely one of the most bizarre choices of weapon ever   alan  s aunt agatha  an old crippled relative who is played by a pretty young woman the hiring of a group of identical curly headed blondes as maids the poor attempt at convincing the audience that the film is set in england  mentioning  pounds  and hiring a crap police uniform for one of the extras is not enough   and then  of course  there is the unlikelihood of finding a bag of sulphuric acid laying next to a swimming pool . . .  br    br    the night evelyn came out of her grave  isn  t a total waste of time  how could it be  with so much female flesh on show    but there are much better giallo  s out there . watch this one if you  re a fan of the genre and you  ve already seen the bestbut don  t expect too much .  
wealthy widower anthony steffen  as alan cunningham  is a sadomasochistic lover  and british lord . he brings sexy red  haired women to his castle  where he whips and murders them . black  booted stripper erika blanc  as susie  gets away  temporarily . mr . steffen is haunted by wife  evelyn   who died in childbirth . as therapy  he decides to marry again  after meeting pretty blonde marina malfatti  as gladys  . by the end of the movie  they will have had to dig a few more graves .  the night evelyn came out of the grave  is great title  at least .  br    br    la notte che evelyn usc dalla tomba       emilio miraglia  anthony steffen  marina malfatti  erika blanc  
this italian semi  horror movie starts out very much like a soft core porn movie and turns into a mystery that has a few to many loose ends to be good  that and the fact it is rather dull just makes this film rather unwatchable for my tastes . the only thing really worth watching are the many boobs spread throughout the film . the story has a guy who at the beginning of the movie luring girls to his castle where he proceeds to take them to his dungeon  go berserk and seemingly kill them . they show the nudity  but they never really show the murders at this point in the film . then the guy finds a nice red head at a party and proceeds to make out with her and marry her . he has a thing for red heads you see as his beloved former wife evelyn was also one  she also died under circumstances that must have not been the viewing audience  s business . after a lot of talky scenes murders start to take place involving snakes  foxes and such . at this point it is easy enough to figure out who is responsible for the murders and what the motive is then you have a nonsensical ending where everything wraps up not so nicely . this movie just did not work for me  it left me with to many questions and the last third of the film just did not have the boobs of the first two thirds of the film . explaining evelyn  s death would have helped the film as would have some sort of ending where evelyn did rise from the grave . granted the title is not totally misleading as she did sort of leave the grave  just not under her own power . the gore is very light for the most part as there is a scene with the foxes and a scene at the end with quite a bit of blood too . i just thought for the most part this movie was a tad dull .  
italian horror  suspense film about a wealthy english lord who cruises pubs and taverns for girls with red hair just like his recently deceased wife evelyn . you know he must have really loved his wife  because he brings them to his home  a huge  rotting castle  and makes them disrobe and then tortures them  whips them  and kills them . the most bizarre aspect of this film for me was that somehow by the film  s end  we see this guy played by antonio de teffe as the hero of the film . anyway  soon  under the advice of his playboy uncle roberto maldera  de teffe settles down with a girl he meets at his uncle  s party . she moves in and strange things begin to happen to de teffe  s fragile state of mind . he begins to see and hear his dead wife and finally  well  just look at the title if you are still curious . also  family members and friends begin to die in the most brutal fashions . poor aunt agatha  she looks like she might even be younger than de teffe and they have her in a wheelchair and trying to look old  meets her fate in a foxy fashion . another man is injected and then buried alive . and of course  there is a whole explanation as to why  how evelyn did what she did . director emilio miraglia does do some things fairly well the settings in the film are well  suited for this film though trying to make us believe it is england is ludicrous at best . none of the actors look english . many having dark black hair and mediterranean complexions and wearing clothes an englishman wouldn  t be caught dead in . the cars drive on their wrong side of the road . but all that notwithstanding  the crypt scene was effectively shot and i liked the cheesy resolution too . and of course any film with the sultry  red  headed erika blanc is always a plus . there is a streak of sexual perversion however  which i found somewhat appalling with the idea that torturing women was quite alright and healthy in order to relieve one of his mental demons . c  mon .  
so far after week two of  the lone of beauty  i am a little disappointed .  br    br   some of the acting is good  as long as we except that it is only drama .  br    br   i am unsure how people can feel that this fictional drama is  factual  coverage of the  thatcher  years  it is okay as drama  but i feel the award winning book is still much better .  br    br   i wonder if the bbc will ever give us the follow up and the next part of the drama and the years that follow with  things can only get better  finishing with     and the fact that we are still waiting  with that promise from a government that is full of sleaze .  
perhaps i couldn  t find the dvd menu selection for plot on off . clearly  the default is off . when the end credits began to roll  i couldn  t believe that was it . like our poor  but beautiful protagonist  i felt used  dirty  cheap . . . .  br    br   the characters were drawn in very broad strokes and the writer  s disdain for wealthy thatcherites was all to apparent . i consider myself a  roosevelt democrat   but would appreciate a bit more subtlety .  br    br   of course  the problem could be with me . i see that many others seem to find some meaning or message in this picture . alas  not i .  br    br   the only thing that kept me from giving this a    was the nice scenery  human and plant .  
i decided to watch this serial after seeing the endless adverts for it on the bbc in the weeks prior to it starting . i watched it despite the fact that i don  t like the pretentious kind of stuff that alan hollinghurst writes  sorry to his fans but i think we have a case of the emperor  s new clothes with this author  s work  . i admit that the acting is excellent  it is beautifully shot and i was reasonably entertained by it  however  i found that the storyline was extremely thin and after watching all three episodes feel very unsatisfied with this rather empty production . the  explicit  gay sex that the media droned on about has all been done before on tv  several times  so it was nothing very shocking i  m afraid . full marks for production values but low ones for storyline  content i  m afraid .  
this british pot  boiler has one thing going for it the young men are uniformly good looking . the older men are opinionated  right  wing thatcherites whose behavior brings back all the acrimony of the reagan  thatcher years . young or old  however  morals in this three  part mini  series are universally suspect and no one comes off particularly well .  br    br   nick is a handsome young gay man fresh out of oxford . it is not pivotal to the story  but he has an extraordinarily beautiful head of hair which makes watching this drivel much easier . nick comes to london with a friend  whose father gerald is a rich conservative politician  and babysits his sister cat while the family frolics in the south of france . they neglect to inform him that  when upset  cat cuts herself with an assortment of knives and other kitchen implements . nick mistakes their self  serving  gratitude  for affection and moves in  finding out too late just how much they despise and patronize him . inexplicably  nick lives in this house for four years but  as the plot depends on this point  it  s best not to question it .  br    br   while nick is most pleasing to look at  he is unbearably obsequious . his coy subjection to rich bigots soon had me climbing the walls . deeply closeted except to cat  she guesses his big secret on sight   he does like a little anonymous sex just so we know he is actually gay . though it hardly seems possible  nick takes a lover who is even more closeted than he .  br    br   supercilious tories scorn and insult the two blacks in the film  so imagine the venom which spews forth when nick  s sexual orientation is reported in a tabloid . gerald  in true tory fashion  has become involved in several personal and financial scandals  so the revelations about nick add to his embarrassment . this gives gerald one final opportunity to roundly castigate the hapless boy .  br    br   except for one brief moment of indignation  nick takes the abuse heaped upon him in silence and tacit agreement . denial  self  loathing  naivet  or ignorance  you decide  if you can manage to sit through this whole thing without throwing something at the set .  
even if you subscribe to the knee  jerk anti  free  trade politics of this movie  it is still just the same tired note  played again and again and again . clink clink clink . even if you can accept a preacher with peroxide hair who advocates a return to first principles  the reverend billy is pretty hard to look at as a serious figure . the clownish reverend is the sort who wakes every morning with no aspiration more ethereal than to see his own face on tv before he climbs back into bed that night . he has a pretty wife  i have to admit  but it would take tons more than that to save this dreary mess of a movie . the interminable bus rides are the worst part   with progress shown   can you guess    by a colored line moving across a map . aww  you guessed . oh well  it has the virtue of being short . is that the only favorable thing i can say  hmmmm . yep  afraid so .  
watching the tenants has been a interesting experience for me . it is the first film i have ever seen where i have shuttled at speed through parts of the  non  action  and i can normally watch anything from turgid action movies to serbo  croat indie and find them fascinating .  br    br   the tenants is frustratingly sluggish and over  orchestrated . one of the main problems of the script is there is little realistic character dialogue  apart from the set pieces where characters  collide  in a very structured setting  to make this work  the film needed to feel more conceptual  which it didn  t  . this leads to a lack of realistic character development everyone seems two  dimensional .  br    br   the worse for this is the character of bill spear  aka snoop dogg . i found his characterization very uncomfortable and very unsympathetic . at one point  i even stopped the film because i got so annoyed by the character  s aggressive  violent and monotonal delivery  the lack of any other personality layer apart from that of the reactionary  on  switch  which gets really predictable after a while  and i so desperately wanted him to have some redeeming qualities . however  one reason for this jar might be the nebulous time scape of the film  supposedly   s  it feels and looks more early noughties  . if it had been more securely fixed in the   s  his character might have seemed more understandable .  br    br   the lighting of the film was also awkward . all the way through  the soundtrack attempts to provide a certain gritty  jazz  infused atmosphere that just did not come off  largely because the set was too well  lit .  br    br   the tenants  to me  is an unbelievable film . it doesn  t depict real people or propose any interesting ways of thinking about race  identity or the life of a writer  be they white or black .  br    br   strangely  i came away with the feeling that this project needed david lynch his eerie  clastrophobic and obsessive look and feel would have lifted both the actors and the script into something quite remarkable .  
the intention the directors has for this films are quite honorable  but his history of his productions did get me aware that this might not get much to the core like other film makers would do it . keeping his great   days tv series in mind but also counting in his mtv production  i bet you will  that opposes his seriousness in any of the matters he documents and also counting in his rather disappointing production  supersize me  i did not had my hopes up high . sadly enough this movie disappointed me none the less . as with  supersize me  after a while i did ask myself what exactly the point of all this was . the main statement gets clear enough after half an hour but the rest of the playtime gets filled with rather pointless stuff and re  repeating stuff that were already shown in this way or another earlier in the movie  so it wears out and gets extremely boring towards the end .  
this film is just another distortion  among many distortions  on the so  called  sins of consumerism  . please note that  reverend billy   an actor  bill talen   is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the  sins of consumerism  . we might want to ask are questions  like what does  reverend billy  do for a living  how does he make his money  does he make his living off his  tax  deductible  organization  how does the internal revenue justify this as a  tax  deductible  church or organization   br    br   everyone knows that christmas is commercialized  but it affords one day out of a whole year in which people have an opportunity to be charitable  and allows a significant number of people to spend time with their families  friends  or extended families . everyone is not charitable . everyone does not spend time with their families  friends  or extended families . but  holidays and vacation time give people that chance and opportunity . yes  america does have more than its share of problems   but  with perseverance  americans have and always make it through great difficulties . and  even in times of strife  america has proved itself to be the greatest country in the world . that happens when americans pull together and unite  rather than to separate and divide . yes  there are problems with corporations and monopolies  but it will take americans to bring back the small businesses  along with the ethics to responsibly care for people living in our individual communities . yes  globalization has brought us its share of problems  but it will take americans to bring production back to america . americans and the u . s . government need to learn how to stay on a budget  no matter how large or small it may be  and we must stop our dependence on credit . our over  reliance on credit will make  and keep us poor  from the cradle to the grave . it is important to buy   but  if we buy less  we will rely less on credit . and  if we are able to save  even a small amount of money  we will have money for a rainy day . not to say that  as americans  we will gain an equal share of wealth . wealth is not guaranteed  and has never been guaranteed . but  stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of americans hold most of america  s wealth . there is a good proximity that you or i can reach the level of the upper  middle class . and  who knows what can happen from there    be positive  work hard   and  at the very least  you and i will be able to reach at least some  if not all  of our dreams . in life  nothing is guaranteed  but we always have that something to reach for . and  if you or i don  t have dreams  we might as well be dead . in america  there is always room for plenty of hopes and dreams . as individuals  we are a part of the pack  but we always can become the leader of the pack .  br    br   it has always been my experience that churches and religion do offer nothing more than additional distortions  but i pay dignity and give respect to people with other beliefs  values  and perspectives . but  as far as the distortions expressed  within this film  i do not have any faith in such beliefs  values  and perspectives . i rank this film with a  out of     but  in all honesty and truth  this film deserves a zero . this film has no integrity  and i cannot recommend it .  
slow  boring  extremely repetitive . no wonder the weinstein company did not buy this . this spurlock should eat more mcdonalds while filming himself  and quit producing . there is no way you can watch this and enjoy . the preacher is a joke . the whole idea is not funny . you can make a  minute film with this idea not a feature . i am so sorry i rented this movie . i will never watch anything with the name spurlock on it . it is completely garbage . filmmakers like this should be on youtube and never be granted a distribution deal . the film states that the american consumers and their shopping are at fault for the current depression when shopping and buying products  making money circulate in the system are the base of a healthy economy .  
i came here for a review last night before deciding which tv movie to settle in front of  and those i found made this one look unmissable . how misled i feel   br    br   firstly  it needs to be pointed out up front that this is very much a housewife  s daytime movie . the performances are wooden  every sentence is an attempt at  poignant  in the way that housewife  s daytime movies and bad soap operas always are  and it is based in that predictable and well  trodden premise that men  particularly soldiers  are essentially violent and incompassionate . the whole movie is about the  drama  apparent in the moments when the male characters threaten to develop a second dimension .  br    br   if that sounds tolerable  or even enjoyable  to you  then be warned . linda hamilton  s german accent  while quite good  is painfully distracting  as is her face  for some reason . the other performances are no doubt an enduring source of embarrassment to their perpetrators  with painfully thin and obvious characterizations being the order of the day . there are few surprises  but do watch for the  monty pythonesque  endless supply of food and drink that miraculously appears from the hungry soldiers  knapsacks   br    br   i wasn  t expecting action  but i had hoped for beautiful or textural or emotionally charged . what i got was a particularly bad christmas  feelgood  story that will have an intelligent audience cringing with the crapulence of it all .  br    br   watch it under the folowing circumstances   there  s nothing else on .   you are a fan of predictable  housewife takes on men and wins  tv movies .   the only way you can appreciate a true story is when hollywood turns it into a feature film .   you  ve imbibed enough nog that your emotions are easily stirred by unsophisticated storytelling .  
goodnight  mister tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of england where the sun always seems to shine . before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of world war ii . soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from london and when shy little william is billeted with reluctant  gruff old tom  who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold  our tale begins .  br    br   and what a load of sentimental claptrap it is . in fact it  s just the old odd  couple buddy formula . aren  t any new stories being written   br    br   as i suggested there  s hardly any period feel in the village and not much more in london apart from the odd old ambulance rattling around . and certainly no hint of the horror of the blitz as london  s citizens file politely into air  raid shelters . even when the local schoolteacher  s husband is declared missing presumed killed  he is later restored to life .  br    br   i found goodnight  mister tom  cliched and obvious and john thaw  s accent conjured up a picture of ronnie barker of the two ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his country bumpkin  accent .  br    br   incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that i disliked it and looking at fellow  imdb reviewers i seem to be in a minority of one .  br    br    
i have been familiar with the fantastic book of  goodnight mister tom  for absolutely ages and it was only recently when i got the chance to watch this adaption of it . i have heard lots of positive remarks about this  so i had high hopes . once this film had finished  i was horrified .  br    br   this film is not a good film at all .  goodnight mister tom  was an extremely poor adaption and practically  .     of the book was missed out . particularly  i found that a lot of the characters and some great scenes in the book were not in this . there was not much dialogue  it was rushed and far too fast  moving  but i was mostly upset by the fact that you never got to see the bonding and love between william beech and tom in this film which was a true let down . the casting was not all that good  either . i thought this could have been really good  but it was so different to the book  anextremely poor adaption  one of the worst i  ve seen . this deserves a decent remake that  d better be     times better than this pile of garbage .  
saw it at ucsb  s reel loud festival and was shocked that it won the golden reel award . i wasn  t the only one  considering the audience had mixed reactions to the piece . i thought there were many other better flicks out there  but then i learned that the judges were heavily rooted within the area of film theory and other artsy crap . while the cinematography and editing are on par with many other shorts out there  the storytelling is nothing more than your average student piece . seems as though  serious  student films need to include one of these categories sex  intrapersonal struggle  and eventual suicide   nick and kate cops out and includes all three . please  be more original   br    br   oh  and it might be my outsider  s opinion  but the guy from montecito sounds a little fake . does anyone else thing so   
the director tries to be quentin tarantino  the screenwriters try to be tennessee williams  deborah kara unger tries to be faye dunaway  the late james coburn tries to be orson welles  michael rooker tries to be gene hackman  mary tyler moore tries to be faye dunaway  older version   cameron diaz tries to get out of the frame as quickly as she can  successfully   don  t ask about joanna going . eric stoltz and james spader try to conceal their embarrassment with this crappy stuff . it delivers endless  meaningless dialog and very little action .  br    br   tulsa is a town with beautiful elevator lobbies  an art deco church by bruce goff and a lovely  sprawling mansion by frank lloyd wright . visit tulsa  don  t watch this movie . it doesn  t do the location justice .  
perhaps the biggest waste of production time  money and the space on the video store shelf . if someone suggests you see this movie  run screaming in the other direction . unless  of course  you  re into self  abuse .  
i have to admit  i don  t remember much about the characters or the story  though i  m not sure there was one  i was soooo irritated by this movie that i had a bit of a hard time focusing on it . how can you name a movie  keys to tulsa  and then film it in texas  the flat desert country around arlington  i think that was the location  in no way resembles the green rolling hills around tulsa  and a celebrity in tulsa would have a much nicer neighborhood to live in . obviously no one in the movie has ever been to tulsa or else they would have realized how nothing in the movie even resembled it . hadn  t anyone at least seen rumblefish or the outsiders  i know this sounds picky but i can  t help it . i watched this because i love james spader and i usually find eric stotz interesting . but even these two intriguing actors could not liven up this meandering  and mean story of self  involved people who are not in tulsa   i  m sorry  it can  t be more expensive to film in oklahoma . what if  to live and die in la  had been shot in toronto  would that suck  well so does this .  
i ended up watching the tenants with my close friends who rented the movie solely based on snoop dogg  s appearance  a passionate fetish of theirs  on the cover . understandably  i did not expect much . i thought the movie would include the typical array of snoop dogg related behavior and imagery often seen in clich rap videos . however  my generalization was for the most part wrong . unfortunately  this didn  t make the movie any better .  br    br   most would describe the movie as a dark serious drama  whereas i would describe it as a dark seriously drawn out boring drama flick . the film tells a story of two struggling writers  dylan mcdermott and snoop dogg  who are trying to create their own separate masterpieces . their polar opposite lifestyles end up forming an unlikely but highly complex and neurotic friendship . this friendship moves throughout the entire movie like a wild roller  coaster  most of which is contributed by snoop  s character  reminiscent of someone with a severe case of split personality disorder . and although the movie is a drama  the acting  which has a morbid and serious tone  from snoop and company was more comical than anything else .  br    br   i wouldn  t recommend this movie for those who are attention impaired because this one has a lot of dialogue and a lot more dialogue after that . there are some mediocre conflicts  but even they are mostly bogged down with more dialogue . the end  however  jumped at me with a sudden surprise . it was a little bit twisted  somewhat unexpected and a perfect way to wrap up a movie that needed to end . while watching the ending credits i couldn  t help but picture the director thinking   oh god  how the hell do i end this snoozer .  by the way  the director laid out carefully planted hints and subtleties leading to the climax  all of which are more visible than waldo in a crowded street of midgets wearing nothing but black sweaters .  
if you want to see a mystery  don  t watch this . though there are elements straight out of elmore leonard territory  this comes closer to an episode of  dynasty   since the filmmaker focuses on  character development   i . e . long  boring talks between stupid  un  involving characters . some people can make fascinating movies without real action  see  exotica    but not this one . avoid it  especially if you like the actors involved in this one .  
this is a genuinely horrible film . the plot  such as it is  is totally undecipherable .  i think it has something to do with blackmail  but i  m not entirely certain .   br    br   half of the dialogue consists of useless cliches . the other half is spoken by the various actors in such unintelligible imitations of  southern  accents that  thankfully  the words cannot be recognized .  br    br   but the one true tragedy of the movie is that such a historic talent as mary tyler moore apparently was in such dire financial or personal circumstances that she appeared in it .  br    br    
i am glad to see most other people here don  t think much of this movie  either . it has some big names in the cast  but that  s it . there is nothing else to recommend  save ogling a few pretty women which you can do in a thousand films .  br    br   the story involves nothing but unlikable  self  centered  chain  smoking   hip  characters that national film critics all seem to like . . . . and most of the public can  t stand .  br    br   the oklahoma accents are so fake they are laughable  the southern racist stereotypes are right from liberal hollywood    and the story is depressing .  
this movie introduces quite an array of characters and their relationships in the first half  hour or so . none of them generate any interest or positive response . i waited for the intrigue to begin  hoping things would get better and ended up sticking around until the bitter end  but there was no reward for doing that .  br    br   if you want a synopsis  look elsewhere . to me the action isn  t worth recounting . not that the story was that bad  i guess you could say i had some problems with the script   i . e . i thought it stunk . a look at the credits will show you that there  s a pretty strong cast here  used to no avail . most of the old pros in this flick do good jobs of the actors i hadn  t seen much of before i especially liked deborah kara unger . that  s about all that i can find good to say about this picture .  
about twenty minutes into this movie  i was already bored . quite simply  these characters were fairly dull . occasionally  something enjoyable would happen  but then things would slow down again . fortunately  my patience was eventually rewarded  and the ending to this movie wasn  t bad at all . however  it was by no means good enough to justify sitting through the first ninety minutes . so  i would say that the movie was mediocre overall  and considering all of the talent in the cast  i  d call this a disappointment .  
what happened  those were the first words to come to mind after this awful movie finished for the first and last time on my computer screen . nightmare on elm st . had gone noticeably downhill after it  s cult  classic of a first film  but i doubt anybody expected this horrible aberration . nobody expected this cosmic joke of a film  and nobody is more distraught about it than i am .  br    br   this is by far the worst anoes film of the lot . it doesn  t seem too bad at the beginning  with a genuinely creepy intro and a rather elongated shower scene featuring alice . but then we hit rock bottom right at the beginning with bad acting and a jumbled sequence of events . i mean  sure  freddy movies are supposed to be dreamlike and creepy  but this one is like a train  wreck in it  s poor sequencing of events and awful plot setup . it feels like you  re coming down with a terrible headache  not like you  re getting scared . so the directing totally fails . none of the suspense and well crafted horror from previous sequels is found here  and even the death scenes are mostly just crass and moronic  the death by food especially   except for that one cool scene that  s crafted like a comic book battle . that  s why this movie gets a point .  br    br   the storyline . . . lame  lame  lame  lame . it was an excuse to gross people out and to make the mpaa mad  and nothing more .  br    br   the acting . . . should i mention how freddy has been turned into a childish boogey  man  like clown figure  how his rebirth scene made him look like a monster out of a  year old  s horror book instead of the foreboding and nightmarish dream killer we  ve all known and loathed since the first film  that arm waving and stupid chuckling as he appeared again . . . ugh . and his one liners  too . throughout the whole movie  they suck . badly . a grade  schooler could come up with funnier stuff then the vomit freddy spews throughout the   minute duration of the film . hell  a chimpanzee could come up with much funnier lines than what freddy  s been told to say here . who wrote the script for this  this movie is really irritating  too . it seems so pointless . like a gnat buzzing around your head  a gnat that just won  t go away . freddy is just an annoyance now . we  ve seen him so many times before . this one  s nothing different  and a lot of the time you just want him to take his awful one  liners and get off your tv screen . alice  instead of the thoughtful and quiet girl from the last movie  seems annoying and very shallow  and this is obviously due to the horrible  horrible script this movie was fitted with . lisa wilcox may be a great actor  and sometimes it shines through the cracks here  but she can  t save this movie . the other actors just suck  mostly .  br    br   the last   or   minutes of freddy  s existence in this film are awful and embarrassing . i hope englund was ashamed of this . who wants to see freddy running around like a mutated gorilla with his limbs stretched out  laughing like a cartoon villain  this movie destroyed anything positive i felt for the nightmare series . i can  t ever watch them again without this image running through my head of the mangled cartoon abomination that krueger became . he was slowly becoming a jokey  retarded pop culture icon  but this is the lowest of the low . this is rock bottom . nobody will ever take freddy krueger seriously again after seeing this film . he  s naught but a joke  a clown that is long overdue for retirement . pathetic .  br    br   of all the movies i could hate  why did it have to be nightmare on elm st  a series which i once adored and liked a lot  the dream child represents the death of a legend  and the shattering of any hope i had in the nightmare on elm st . series . freddy would go on to continue his downward spiral into clown status in the next installment  freddy  s dead  which was more entertaining than this was  actually   and then he would go on to bring down the mood in freddy vs jason  and finally he would putter out into nothing  which is for the best .  br    br   i know this has mostly been a rant about why freddy sucks now  but this movie is overall  horrible  and one of the worst movies ever made . not recommended to anyone  and even anoes completionists won  t want to see this one again .  
a nightmare on elm street the dream child  br    br   this is a bad movie . there  s no escaping it . i love the series and i think freddy is probably the best character ever in horror movies . but even being a fan i can  t help but see this movie is mediocre .  br    br   there  s not even an effort to build an interesting story and strong characters . by now they had just given up . they don  t even try . they are the production of course  hoping for a few more easy dollars .  br    br   the story doesn  t grab your attention . its so simple it  s almost absent .  br    br   alice  a survivor from part  is now pregnant . freddy is coming back through the baby  s dreams . at the beginning we learn that to stop him alice must find his mother . and that  s it .  br    br   the story advances slowly since there  s so little plot meaning it turns pretty boring after a few minutes of bad dialogues and awful acting . in fact that  s the only scary thing  the acting  since the deaths are not even slightly cool .  br    br   the characters are so uninteresting we couldn  t care less for them .  br    br   the girls are as unattractive as possible . the whole cast reminded me of a bad amateur theatre group . i  ve seen better actors in school plays . it  s embarrassing really .  br    br   lisa wilcox still manages to bring some class to this . she is beautiful  sexy and has some talent . but the material just didn  t let her shine . what a pity .  br    br   stephen hopkins work is nowhere close to renny harlins brilliant direction in dream master . he tries some imaginative shots near the end but that tension harlin and craven created so well in the previous movies is no where to be found .  br    br   the dream child is just another unimaginative sequel . it  s the kind of movie that give horror series a bad name .  br    br   the end for the once scary freddy . it  s too sad to see him now . a clown that  s not funny . a bad joke . goodbye freddy .  
this one is just like the  th movie . the movie is really bad . it offers nothing in the death department . the one  liners are bad and are something that shouldn  t be in a noes movie . freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie . lisa wilcox is still the only thing that makes this one worth while . the characters are extremely underdeveloped . all in all better than the  th one  but still one the worst movies of the series . my rating      
come on . the new twist is nearly ok  but from avenging the elm street children freddy is just killing people now . more of the same special effects with no actual character development or anything . simply bad and insulting . scary . .  nope . not at all . just bad .  
bottom  of  the  freddy barrel . this is the worst film in the series  beating  freddy  s revenge  for that title . a cheap  looking  with mediocre special effects   incoherent mess  with freddy turned into a punster . he has one or two cool lines  but that doesn  t save this illogical and sloppy sequel .  
tenants two writers struggle to complete their books in an all but empty apartment house . they at first help each other and then slowly the tension between them begins to build .  br    br   this is based upon a bernard malamud novel and unfortunately everyone speaks as though they are in that novel . very little of the dialog is natural  its purple and brimming with shades of meaning . its as if a college english major with a head full of pretensions wrote the script . it  s awful and i found myself instantly immune to anything the film had to say  which is a shame since the film is populated with great performances from top to bottom . snoop dog on down are fine form  unfortunately none of them can over come the falseness of the words and the premise .  br    br   i can  t really recommend this movie . while not really bad  its very preachy and pretentious to the point of making you want to walk away . i lost interest less then a third of the way in and had to struggle to get to the end . if you  re interested i  d try it on cable  but i wouldn  t lay out good money to see it .  
it  s getting worse  the series is on a serious down fall . the first two sequel were acceptable and from then on we have seen a buch of really  really terrible movies . robert englund gives another great performance as freddy but the rest of the cast can  t act . the story is alice  having survived the previous installment of the nightmare series  finds the deadly dreams of freddy krueger starting once again . this time  the taunting murderer is striking through the sleeping mind of alice  s unborn child . his intention is to be  born again  into the real world . the only one who can stop freddy is his dead mother  but can alice free her spirit in time to save her own son  check out the first three  miss the next three then watch the last one .  
this film is so incredibly bad  that i almost felt sick watching it . up until this point  the other installments had at least one good thing about it . part  was suspenseful and gory . part  was off beat and entertaining . part  was interesting with great effects . part  had great music  good special effects  and a new entertaining freddy krueger . part  is more boring than anything i  ve ever seen before . alice  a much prettier blond  from part  is back with her boyfriend dan . at parts  this supposed elm street installment turns into a daytime soap . the newer characters seem harsh  and even that sweet alice has a chip on her shoulder . freddy seems to be completely out of this one . he looks tired  and doesn  t seem to be as gruesome . his one  liners seem out of place and different  where as in part  they could be pretty funny . leslie bohem  s story never gets off the ground and stephen hopkins  direction is so bad  that it makes my grandmother look good  the whole plot of this movie is ridiculous and unrealistic . it  s also confusing and pretty stupid . avoid part  at all costs   
i am still trying to determine whether the previous installment was worse than this one  or vice versa . being that it is nearly fifteen years since i saw this film  the fact that i remember so little about it does not bode well . perhaps it is simply because i only watched it once or twice  but i doubt it . if there was anything worth remembering about this film  you can rest assured i would remember it .  br    br   at the time this film was released  the franchise was still entering its dying phase  so a lot of media coverage was allotted to it . it  s never a good sign when teenie pop magazines contain explanations of the plot basics . one such article had to explain that freddy was left too weak to infest the dreams of grown humans  so he decides to go after alice  s unborn son . so far  so good  but this is the job of the writer or the director to explain to the audience . it should not be left to some unrelated publication .  br    br   making use of the trivia given in part three about freddy  s conception  one could half expect scenes that would lift this joke out of the  horror for infants  category  but alas  that was not to be . it goes to show the sheer idiocy of the american ratings system that a piece of b  harni  esque garbage like this could get the same rating as a genuinely frightening piece like the original .  br    br   by this time  the franchise could not attract anyone with an active career . fortunately  or unfortunately depending on how you look at it  lisa wilcox was there to provide a quotient of competent acting . or perhaps she just looks competent by comparison to the rest of the cast . either way  given that her last role was in something called the all new adventures of chastity blade  i doubt she really had anything else going for her . even poor old robert englund has been in better productions than that in the past fifteen years .  br    br   given that box office returns were in a steady decline  and not just for this franchise  at the time  one would have thought that the studios would realize neutering their films does not make them more saleable . in fact  this particular film  like its immediate predecessor  was so neutered that not only did it fail to attract a new audience  both succeeded in alienating the core audience that originally supported the franchise . despite this  part five must be given some credit for not having the bright  luminescent feeling that made part four so insulting to look at .  br    br   i gave a nightmare on elm street part five a one out of ten . by trying to appeal to everyone  or the mpaa  s idea of everyone  it succeeds in appealing to noone . like parts two and four  one could erase it from the continuity entirely  and nobody would notice the difference .  
i consider this film one of the worst in the nightmare series . it was so boring that i couldn  t remember a thing   minutes after the film was over  it even tires me to write a review on it .  br    br   okay    was a joke and freddy was the joker .   tried to return to the roots of the series . it was darker and more atmospheric than nightmare   which is a good thing  basically . they tried to shoot a horror film instead of a comedy . unfortunately they forgot to add suspense and scares . because of that nightmare   the dream child is neither funny nor is it scary . what we actually get is a boring film with the usual bad actors  maybe with the exception of lisa wilcox  .  br    br   the plot  freddy killing lisa  s friends by using the dreams of lisa  s unborn child  has a good base but it just isn  t enough for   minutes of film . sometimes the story gets very confusing  maybe because there isn  t any  and you can  t stop wondering what the filmmakers were aiming at . the screenplay must have had more holes than swiss cheese and the film therefore was very cheesy itself  let me say that i don  t like cheese though  even if i am from switzerland  . not even the special effects were as good as for example in part  .  br    br   don  t bother to rent  buy this film if not for completeness  it  s quite a mess .  br    br   my rating      get used to it    is also a messy one . . .   
like freddy  s revenge  this sequel takes a pretty weird idea and doesn  t go to great lengths to squeeze a story out of it . basically alice from number  is pregnant and her baby is haunted by freddy which gives him an outlet to haunt her friends . this has the least deaths out of the whole series and the wise  cracks are quite poor  so neither the horror fans or comedy fans are happy .  br    br   i  ve not alot to say about this . it  s moderately interesting to see the characters of alice and dan returning from four  but not worth watching a movie over . uninspriring and unenjoyable  possibly only the competant direction saves it from being the worst in the series .  
star rating  saturday night  friday night  friday morning  sunday night  monday morning  br    br   alice  having defeated freddy at the end of the last film  is now trying to re  adjust her life . but her unborn child is carrying a demonous presence  freddy  trying to come out into their world again .  br    br   it  s interesting to note the directors who got their big breaks directing freddy films  charles russell  eraser  the mask  renny harlin  the long kiss goodnight  cutthroat island  cliffhanger  die hard   and here stephen hopkins  lost in space  predator  .  but while russell and harlin made a good job of it  hopkins imo has made something of a podge with this entry  that should be quickly forgotten .  br    br   the story is clearly being stretched as far as it can go here  with freddy ludicrously a father himself and the ridiculous looking demon baby . even at about an hour and a half  it all gets rather tiresome  and of course  not scary at all .  br    br   the  bon appetit  bitch  catch  phrase is the only memorable point of this other wise very forgettable entry .   
  the dream child  of     is the fifth film in the  generally overrated   nightmare  series  and at the latest from this point on  the series became total garbage . the only good films in the series were wes craven  s     original  and the third part   the dream warriors  of     . the second part was disappointing and boring  and it was the fourth part in which the formerly scary madman freddy krueger began to annoy with constant idiotic jokes . this fifth entry to the series has hardly anything to recommend except for  admittedly great  visuals  and one creepy scene  a flashback sequence to how freddy krueger came into existence . the rest of the film consists mainly of our razor  clawed maniac  turned  jokester yelling stupid one  liners  and the old formula of a bunch of teenage jackasses  who desperately try to avoid falling asleep  because good old freddy awaits them in their dreams . lisa wilcox is back in the role of alice johnson  and a bunch of uninteresting crap  such as a super  dumb  eerie  children  s rhyme is added for no other reason than to have some sort of justification for making this superfluous and boring sequel . . . in short no originality  just a decline of the old formula  and an over  load of painfully annoying jokes . my  generous  rating of     is due to the great visuals  and especially to emphasize the difference to the terrible next sequel   freddy  s dead   which is awful beyond belief . in case you  re not a hardcore freddy krueger enthusiast   the dream child  should be avoided  and even if you are  this is more than likely to disappoint .  
i will stat of with the plot alice  having survived the previous instalment of the nightmare series  finds the deadly dreams of freddy krueger starting once again . this time  the taunting murderer is striking through the sleeping mind of alice  s unborn child . his intention is to be  born again  into the real world . the only one who can stop freddy is his dead mother  but can alice free her spirit in time to save her own son  this movie did start of really well as we see alice dreaming of being amanda kruger who get stuck in room and get raped by    manics then she being rushed to hospital but then she not longer the pregnant lady but then she amanda giving birth to freddy again .  br    br   alice and dan are the only two people to return from the  th movie and then have gotten some new friends its  no long before freddy start to kill again  i did like the first dead it okay  not as good as the other deaths or dreams .  br    br   freddy himself didn  t seem to be scary in this movie at all  the nightmare were just boring really they were not scary or creepy at all .  br    br   acting in movies was okay for a  th movie in the series but overall i think this movie was really dull .  still not worst movie of the series  freddy dead is the worst   br    br        
when you look back at another bad nightmare sequel like freddy  s revenge  you have to at least give it some credit for trying something new . and although the dream child is more enjoyable it offers absolutely nothing new to the series . yes  there  s the creative deaths as usual  like a kid becoming part of a comic book and facing  super freddy  but even scenes like that aren  t used to their full potential and the parts without freddy are just boring .  br    br   this marked the official death of scariness to the series . freddy seems to be the comedic relief now . . . but to what   br    br   my rating      
the only thing that prevented this flick from being a total disaster were a couple of interesting stylish touches .  br    br    moderate spoiler alert  death by comic is a bit derivative of a scene in twilight zone the movie  which delivers death by cartoon . still this was handled nicely  especially watching the ink bleed and the color being sapped out .  br    br   additionally  there is one other good scene with a demon motorcycle .  br    br   having said that  i was glad i got the dvd cheap at a store going out of business sale  because this was pretty awful . i bought  soul survivors  at the same time and both movies were similarly annoying with the constant realizations that you have been watching a dream . however  where  soul survivors  has nothing to redeem it  or have it make any sense  this at least had a couple of stylish notes  referred to above .  br    br   interestingly  the dvd lets you go to the   nightmares  where something actually happens  which is the only way to watch this . the scripting between the creative gore moments is rather unbearable .  br    br    out of   .  
some movies are repellent but still fascinating  pulp fiction   others are simply boring . this movie has an almost unique feature of being both utterly repellent and totally boring . by the end i didn  t care about any of the characters  i just wanted all of them dead so i could get out of the theatre .  
never cast models and playboy bunnies in your films  bob fosse  s  star    about dorothy stratten  of whom bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her sister after her murder at the hands of her low  life husband  is a zillion times more interesting than dorothy herself on the silver screen . patty hansen is no actress either . . i expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la orson welles but instead got audrey hepburn cavorting in jeans and a god  awful  poodlesque  hair  do . . . . very disappointing . . . .  paper moon  and  the last picture show  i could watch again and again . this clunker i could barely sit through once . this movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding ms . stratten  s tawdry death i think the real reason was because it was so bad   
after the success of part   another sequel was a natural move . however they should have stopped it before it began . alice  having survived part  finds herself pregnant and it seems freddy is using her unborn child to get at his victims  which of course are alice  s friends . strange nightmare movie  very heavy on religious imagery and bad acting . the special effects are good  but the movie itself is not .  
a nightmare on elm street the dream child  the fifth installment in the nightmare on elm street series and the worst sequel ever in the series  even worse than a nightmare on elm street  . i was lucky enough to get the nightmare on elm street dvd box set for my birthday and i watched all the sequels . the dream child was the worst without a doubt  i was surprised too since they were doing so well with the last two sequels . but i guess they just lost the charm  the story was just ridicules and i wasn  t happy with where it went . alice just became more annoying  she  s not nancy or kirsten  so her carrying this film on her own didn  t work for me . freddy is also loosing his scare  this was just getting a bit silly .  br    br   alice is back and she  s carrying a child  she couldn  t be happier with her life . but freddy is also back and he  s not going to be too light on her since she defeated him so easily in the fourth movie . but anyways  he wants her child and to be born into the world again . did you ever wonder if freddy had parents too  well that  s what a nightmare on elm street the dream child investigates and alice soon finds out what freddy  s childhood was like and that maybe that  s the one thing that can defeat him .  br    br   a nightmare on elm street the dream child is just all in all a bad movie and an insult to the series . i don  t think anyone could be happy with this sequel . just the story was really silly  i mean it could have possibly worked  but once again  it was just executed the wrong way . i know that if you  re looking to see the sequels for the nightmare on elm street series  you should watch it  but i really wouldn  t recommend it  it  s not worth it  at least in my opinion .  br    br        
this is crap . . . . utter crap . i cannot believe any company could even get people to work on a film like this . full moon has a number of awful films  but this has got to be the worst . first off  the plot doesn  t exist . it  s odd . it  s like  they took an idea for the story  and kind of never really got around to developing it . they seemed to have just wasted a lot of time filming outside shots while the two  heroes  drove around in the desert  and bradbury talks nonsense for about   minutes . there were two scenes in the movie  when dez and dazzy are driving  and when dez and bradbury are driving  where it just went on and on and on . . . it was almost like  music videos in the place where there should have been some dialog or action . they just drove for about  minutes  with nothing but music and shots of the surrounding landscape .  br    br   next  we come to the acting  which is simply horrible . first off  the girl who plays dazzy is just a beast . she is so scary looking  i wanted to look away when she was on screen  horrible casting . then  you have the guy who played dez  who couldn  t act if his life depended on it . his  crying  is actually funny  and his madman antics are even funnier . the guy who plays the desk clerk at the hotel is just as bad  as is the guy who plays bradbury . there was no acting that deserves any recognition in this movie whatsoever .  br    br   the makeup effects . . . hmmm  can anyone say pathetic  the  effects  were so fake  they were laughable . the crazy little robot looking catepillar thing grabs onto someone  they cut away  and when they come back  the guy has a completely fake looking flesh wound . nice . did they run out of money on the makeup budget or what   i must say the druggie chick who is in the one girl  s apartment . . . nice makeup there too . i think they were going for a drugged look  and i think she was supposed to have a black guy  but it looked more like cheap zombie makeup for halloween .  br    br   this movie is just horrible from the start . the story is stupid and very  very unoriginal  the direction looks as tho it was performed by a   year old  the acting is the lowest of the low  and so on . stay away from this movie at all costs . it  s only   minutes long in the first place  and atleast   minutes of that is taken up by either music and no dialog or the character sitting around in the hotel . do not waste your time on this piece of garbage .  
before the internet this movie could never have been made but the idea that the web is full of evil is the idea behind it . unfortunately thats all it was  the generally opinion that nowadays the web in the wring hands can create as much chaos as anything in real life . since the late   s somebody found out that you could create a virus which would disable a computer . the point  just to do something plain evil by remote control so its the cyber equivalent of robbery with violence . which is basically what spam is without the violence  its conning you into parting with your money and has been going so long its a wonder anybody takes any notice of it nowadays so they get cleverer and use real names as doing something illegal isn  t a priority  we see the internet get worse by the week  the social networking sites or chat room which lead to evil and the child porn sites which are illegal . so the idea of a movie which invites people to click a name is just the same old thing  there actually is a site called horrorvision which is a porn site  but this one kills the people who enter its portals . the story though is so disjointed its boring with it and comes to no conclusion . the definitive movie on this theme of destroying an internet service provider has yet to be made but clearly many do need destroying as they won  t be shut down when there  s money to be made . calling this a horror film is rather misleading as it bores not frightens  
save your money . i have been a fan of fullmoon productions for a long time and i have never seen them make a movie as bad as this . the casting is terrible  the story is even worse and the special affects are worse than any movie iv  e seen sence the    s . this movie is so bad i cant even suggest renting it .  
at first look of the plot tagline i figured it could have been a decent film . could i have ever been more wrong  the beginning of the film makes it look like a bunch of freaks got together and decided to make a low budget film . for the first   minutes you don  t notice the cheesy acting  horrible sound and god  awful special effects  but then it gets worse . just about   minutes into it i was asking myself   what was the plot again   i could only ask that question when i wasn  t busted out laughing from the sheer lameness of this film . the main actor has one setting for emotions and he sticks to it throughout the entire film  even though he was supposed to go through love and hate and everything in  between . the flashback scene almost made me vomit because it made me re  live one extra minute of footage from earlier in the movie . now we hit the middle of the film where they are obviously trying to rip off morpheus from  the matrix   although he is doing just a horrible job . the actor  s talking about  star wars  and fortune cookie phrases is almost unbearable . now at the end of the movie you don  t realize that it  s the end of the movie because you actually think the plot is finally developing . the  morpheus  character dies  the only good thing about the movie . he utters a couple words and the credits roll . what is this  no plot  bad acting  cheesy everything  it couldn  t get any worse . please  if you value human decency  do not watch this movie   
decent enough with some stylish imagery however the tiny budget hampers things .  br    br   i also get the impression they were trying to shock you with some of the graphic weirdo perv website stuff .  br    br   if you like anime in particular stuff like cyber city and the ad police then this might up your street .  br    br   but basically its low budget matrix cash in however not totally devoid of its own style .  br    br   great soundtrack by some unheard of grunge  punk  post grunge bands . worth checking out if only for the soundtrack .  
i found horrorvision almost unwatchable . while only   minutes in length i still found myself hitting the fast forward button again and again . the acting was of the if i scream and say k a lot i  m intense  school . and the story was at best a scenario that had yet to be fleshed out .  br    br   while i never go to full moon for great film making i have never seen them produce as bad a piece of junk as this .  
if this guy can make a movie  then i sure as hell can make one too .  br    br   in fact  if you hire me to make a movie for you  i promise to do the following  br    br     i will add more naked women . this movie had none . i think cheesy b  class horror movies are only rented because of their traditional exploitation of the female body . i wouldn  t want to let my viewers down .  br    br     i will refrain from making too many scenes where the hero wakes up to find out it  s only a dream . i think horrorvision had about  of these scenes . and  considering the movie was only like an hour long  the dream  to  movie  length ratio was quite high . and  if i do decide to do a dream sequence  i will make sure that the person wakes up without clothes on . i mean  who sleeps in leather pants    br    br     i will not rip off any movies like star wars or the matrix because i will know that my budget is small and i will not want to mask my contempt for big  budget hollywood movies by adding satirical references about them in mine .  br    br     and finally  i will not mix modern technology with the undead . i mean  a palm pilot can only be so scary . . . at least they turned it into an evil rolly  polly monster before the screen blew up or something .  br    br   so  if you are looking for the above qualities in your next horror production  count on me wanna  b  movie director extraordinaire .  
i am not from america and i know what  wife swap  is . when a show came out of that name i was thrilled to see some cool glamorized sexual moments from the program . but what i got was a real sucking stupidity . i was misjudged by its title name  it has no adult contents  no nudity  not even vulgar dialogues  broad casted threw hallmark channel and i think they edited  mute out such contents to make it neat  .  br    br   a show which gives a picture of current american  western family state  overweight chubby peoples  polluted teenagers  and their sucking family goings . in each episode two wives  two mothers  more correctly  were chosen to live in each others home and re  changes each others family routine with their new own rule . sometimes its turns out to be good or more evenly bad . on the ending section each mothers are brought back with their husband and try to conclude what they did to each families past days . it  s the sucking portion of the program were each contenders fights for their rights . i was sucked to see all of these instead of seeing some cool adult sex stuff . i mean who make this program  more than that who gave the name  wife swap   its better to be called as  mother swap  . all in all it corrupts all the great things the real wife swap stands for   br    br   wife swap  average sucking reality show .  
this has got to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen . it is  i think  a story of a rebellious college basketball player  his tough  but  fair coach  his girlfriend  and a fellow student  played by michael margotta  who has continual nervous breakdowns . the story goes nowhere  there is zero character development  there is nobody to care about  and the performances  with the exception of bruce dern as the coach  are terrible . it is hard to believe how a talent like jack nicholson could direct such an awful movie . make sure to avoid this turkey .  
no doubt frank sinatra was a talented actor as well as a talented singer . after all  very few actors nowadays can get a scene just right in one take  and that was pretty much sinatra  s modus operandi on set .  br    br   i feel that as the      s wore on  the quality of the man  s films really started to tank . the tony rome detective series was nothing short of trying to compete with dean martin  s matt helm series which came out at the same time . perhaps even a james bond competition  but nothing really worked for frank during these years . his personal life in shambles  his music fading out . . . sinatra appeared more like a throwback to the      s . the last great sinatra film of this period was probably von ryan  s express in     .  
lady in cement  pi spoof with ole blue eyes . frank sinatra is a shamus on a houseboat in miami in this rarely funny  comedy  . burdened by an annoying and repetitious hugo montenegro score and bunch of misfiring punchlines this     flick just never rises above slightly too bawdy to be on tv made for television movie status . dan blocker is effective in the mike mazurski  ted de corsia big galoot role and raquel welch should thank her personal trainer . the only thing that makes the dvd worth keeping or seeing is the collection of cheesy trailers for welch flicks like bandolero  fantastic voyage  mother  jugs  speed and myra breckinridge . even if you get the dvd  skip the predictable movie and go for the trailer library in the special features . besides tons of mysoginistic asides  sinatra lisps  the homosexual owners of the local go  go bar . a relic that needs to be put back in the time capsule . d  
detective tony rome  frank sinatra  returns to the screen after his self titled debut  this time it  s a film that  s played for ermlaughs . while on a diving trip  rome finds the body of a blonde beauty at the bottom of the sea  her feet as you might expect  encased in cement . rome immediately on the case after being hired by man mountain waldo gronsky . rome finds himself immediately at risk as he has to investigate some mafia types  who turn the tables on him and he is himself found to be the main suspect  he must now go on the run and hope to solve the case alone . the portly sinatra tries hard to sell us the lame jokes and make us believe he is a good detective  oh and not to mention being sexually attractive to the foxy raquel welch  but he fails miserably  in this ham fisted vanity project . the frankly laughable denouement that surrounds every female is quite astounding  every woman in the film is a dither head  who likes bending over is front of the camera  director douglas of course obliges in zooming in on the cracks of their asses each time as they flex their posterior muscles . there  s even a ridiculously campy gay character that beggars belief  this was a film made by  real men  for  real men  to reaffirm their own flagging sexuality  it  s a shameful shambles .  
terrible film with frank sinatra as tony rome . here  he gets involved with a dead woman below the sea .  br    br   rome is soon hired to find out what happened to a woman . naturally  it  s the woman below the sea . her room mate  lainie kazan  soon winds up dead on the floor .  br    br   an aging richard conte plays a police officer and friend of rome . when a local club owner gets killed  the blame falls on rome and there becomes an interesting chase scene . that  s how bad this picture is if you have to depend on a chase scene to supply the action .  br    br   raquel welch plays the beauty up to her neck in intrigue . her acting leads a lot to be desired .  br    br   martin gabel is a retired hoodlum whose son is trying to outdo him .  br    br   by the film  s end  you don  t know why the girl was murdered . don  t even bother to ask .  
the lady in cement is a veritable course on social anthropology of the late    s . the writing  not the acting  is at center stage . did i say  pure camp  prepare to be offended if you are female or gay . broad and dame are standard terms and gay baiting and bashing are represented for what they were in the day  camp  wise  . most of the lines are tossed off although there are wonderful performances by a very few outstanding character actors . the action scenes are mundane but it is fun to see dan blocker play a tough guy who likes bashing toughs . and lanie kazan and racquel welsh are at the voluptuous peak of their careers . amazing to note they were both   years old and mr . sinatra was   . the musical score  wait . . . was there a score  well  you get the point . watch it with friends who want a good laugh . it  s full of them .  
though not a fan of sam rockwell  i was surprised when i saw his name in the credits in the opening of  joshua .  heck  i wasn  t even aware he was in  joshua  until i started the movie . so it goes without saying  i was watching the movie on the basis of the movie  not the leads . a sort of  rosemary  s baby    the omen  or any other demonic kid movie  joshua  was billed . unfortunately  it fell flat . slow  incredibly slow  and flat . yet  i continued on to see how this would all resolve  hoping beyond belief  the ending climax would shed some light on the subject . okay  i admit  it did  a wee bit  but what a stale closing . and what a low  low budget movie  or at least that  s how they designed it . a person falls  you don  t see the drop  you see someone lying down in what appears to be blood . a person gets hit by a cab  you don  t see it  you see someone complaining  holding a bike up . i  m not sure if this is called  style  or laziness or simply  lack of funds for special effects . we have a  rich  family with a crazy mom  a workaholic father attempting to balance everything  a kid  joshua  who may  may not be the antichrist and a new born baby girl who cries a lot . she cries as much as we see how many days she  s alive  and what was that about  are there rats above or is it joshua  is his mother nuts  is joshua crazy  is he merely jealous of the newcomer to the family  is he going to grow up to be michael myers  or does he drive his family to the brink  i don  t think so . they were nuts prior  and no  so  called  acting could make me believe otherwise . unfortunately  barely any questions were answered  barely any open doors shut . i  m sure that might have been the idea  but for pete  s sake  give me something . anything . there are plenty better kid  gone  wild movies to explore . joshua  s more like the mini  me of the antichrist .  
i did not enjoy the film  joshua  at all . perhaps it is because i saw another  much better similar film titled orphan  days prior but perhaps it  s really just because this film was not very good . i am going with the ladder . sure  the plot of an evil child is not exactly original but that doesn  t mean the film could not succeed . it could have been suspenseful and entertaining and chilling but instead it was slow building  boring  uneventful and really didn  t leave me thinking anything more than  that wasn  t very good  when it was all over .  br    br   at the end  joshua  s motivations are revealed . i won  t give that away but the reality is that he didn  t really accomplish his goals since despite vera farmiga as his mother  abby  disappearing about    th through the movie  all arrows point to her returning home soon . she was committed to a mental institution because she was losing her mind but then joshua  s father  her husband was accused of tampering with her medication which tells the audience that the institution realized that she was indeed not mentally ill but rather was being dosed medically . so . . shouldn  t she be coming home soon  won  t joshua have failed  won  t his mother be living with him and his sister and possibly his father soon  i question the father since his future is left open ended .  br    br   at the end of the day  i didn  t care about the characters . the evil demon child joshua wasn  t really scary . the storyline moved slowly and when it picked up it was still boring . suspense fell flat every single time . when it was over i couldn  t believe i had sat through the whole thing .  br    br       just because the acting was good from the parents especially vera farmiga as the mother but if you want to see a movie about an evil  child  go see orphan . now that  s a movie that took an unoriginal concept and created a brilliant movie .  
this movie  joshua  is extremely disturbing  and downright pointless . it actually makes me shudder to think there are people who would enjoy watching it . without giving away the story it is about a young boy  s reaction to his newborn sister  and that is just the tip of the iceberg . during the entirety of this movie the viewer is subjected to some of the most unsettling child behavior imaginable . adding insult to injury  by the end of this movie there is absolutely no real outcome except the fruition of pure evil at the hands of a child no less  who outsmarted a whole group of dumb adults . there is no redemption  no justice served  and a whole group of adults who are not smart enough to see what is going on around them . frankly  i did not enjoy watching this movie . it was extremely unsettling . even for those who might enjoy horror movies  this movie could be too much . despite the fact this movie was well acted  the story itself is so disturbing that watching it was equivalent to a   minute wait in a dentist  s waiting room in anticipation of some painful dental procedure .  
the acting in the film is really well done honestly  but the movie is so slow and so boring  as soon as it gets interesting everything slows to a major halt . i am glad to see sam rockwell in this  he did a great job  so did the other actors as i mentioned but man . . . this is one of the worst dragged out films i have ever seen . now maybe in a short film form this movie would be good  but other than that  avoid it . this film has so much filler it makes a twinkie cake jealous .  br    br   i never  ever  walk out on films  but watching this one at home with family  i walked out . yeah  it was that boring . apparently my comment doesn  t have enough lines to post  so here  s some more filler . i guess i was inspired by the movie i just watched .  
i watched the whole movie  waiting and waiting for something to actually happen . maybe it  s my fault for expecting evil and horror instead of psychology  is it a weird re  telling of the oedipal myth i want to kill my father and mother and marry my uncle and compose musical theater with him  i didn  t understand why certain plot elements were even present why was the construction upstairs  why was there that big stairwell with a perfect spot for someone to fall to their doom if no one was actually going to do so  why have the scenes at all with the father at work  why have such a nice kitchen if you  re only going to eat takeout  why would the boy want to be baptized and the parents be the ones to resist instead of the other way around . i see lots of good reviews for this movie . . . has my taste been corrupted by going up with   s b  movies and old sci fi flicks   
as a member of the cast  i was a member of the band at all the basketball games  i would like to let the world know after being in the movie  that we were not allowed to see it since it was banned in oregon . this was due to the producers and the director breaking the contract with the university of oregon where it was shot . seems that the u of o sign was shown . while we were shooting  we were allowed to eat several meals with the cast and production staff . mr nicholson was quite memorable for being one of the most ill  mannered men i have ever met . quite a time for a young   year old . but certainly not what campus life was really like in the late    s and early    s despite what hollywood may think . trombone player from oregon  
i gave this more than a  because i did think there were some moral lessons in this story and it provoked some thought and comment from my wife and i . the acting and the dialogue were mediocre and i must confess i came out feeling like i had been beaten over the head with the god this  god that and christ is our saviour stuff . the movie and the story line did not need it . if  as i am  you are a recovering catholic or christian avoid this one it will make you nauseous . the movie did a good job of demonstrating the thin line between being a good citizen and how someone could become a potential stalker focused on what might have been .  
i was interested in seeing this movie because i knew it was christian based . the director had a good idea  intentions when making this movie but it could have been better . i can understand why someone would still have feelings for who they believe is the greatest love of their life . however  i didn  t understand why the director made his friends so insensitive  mean and rude . the main character kept apologizing to his friends when they were the ones mean to him . they weren  t understanding at all and they used god as a reason to explain their behaviors . the main character  nor anyone else didn  t know if the ex  girlfriend was divorced  still married etc but they were against him resolving old feelings that needed to be dealt with . his friends were suppose to be christians and should have been portrayed as being supportive whether they agreed with his decision or not . so many times we do things in life where we don  t apologize to those we have hurt in the past and when he was trying to do this they were all against him . the ironic part was his new female friend accused him of having stalking behavior for simply looking up an old friend  when she did a really odd thing to get a hold of his name  address and phone number . . . she seemed to be the stalker  . she didn  t seem like a friend at all but was only looking out for herself . god is love . . . and i think god wants people to be with the person they were meant to be with and i feel the movie did a terrible injustice by making it seem like god doesn  t care about true love . . . only that you stay with someone you made a bad choice with . we all make mistakes . . . it  s all about what steps you take to make amends . like i said the movie had potential but i was tired of the one  sided point of view being constantly repeated and jammed down the viewers throat by his so  called . . . well  meaning friends . this movie didn  t hold true to the christian belief of love but i give it a c for its effort .  
dave is going through a divorce and his mind wanders back to his first love .  wanders  is probably not the word . i should say he fixates on the past girlfriend . he recalls to the day when the relationship ended . the dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions . he fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went . i  m not a counselor  but maybe this had something to do with the failed marriage     dave goes to a support group and meets up with a lady half his age  also divorced  who  instead of being  turned off  by his creepiness  starts to become interested in him . did i mention how creepy dave is  he sometimes refers to himself in the third person . he doesn  t move his arms when he walks  either . it  s just weird . too make a long story short  dave plots to hunt down mary  the old gal friend  and kill her . . . err . . . i mean confront her . he does so . which was really creepy . he believes her to be married  yet he still flies half  way across the country to meet her . he stakes out her house to make sure she is alone  before he  drops in  on her . he has an awkward conversation with her that ends with his sharing the gospel of christ in about   words or less  and flies back to the new young girlfriend . we enjoyed the movie mostly for unintentional comedic value . i am still entertaining the wife with my dave impressions . . . .  i heard another dave  mary song    
from everything i  d read about the movie  i was excited to support a film with a christian theme . everything about the movie was very unprofessionally done . especially the writing  without good writing a movie doesn  t have a chance . the writer  director said in an interview that he didn  t want to give away how the title relates to the story . believe me  it was no big surprise . i kept waiting for the teenage  young adult back  story to unfold  but it never did . as someone who has gone through a divorce  i was very disappointed . this movie would have been no comfort to me when i first went through the emotional turmoil that divorce can bring to your life as a christian   
  a young woman unwittingly becomes part of a kidnapping plot involving the son of a movie producer she is babysitting . the kidnappers happen to be former business partners of the son  s father and are looking to exact some revenge on him . our babysitter must bide her time and wait to see what will become of the son and herself  while the kidnappers begin to argue amongst themselves  placing the kidnap victims in great peril   according to the dvd sleeve  s synopsis .  br    br   that acclaimed director ren clment could be responsible for this haphazard crime thriller is the real shocker . despite beginning with the appearance of having been edited in a washing machine  the film develops a linear storyline . once you  ve figured out what is going on  the engaging maria schneider  as michelle  and endearing john whittington  as boots  can get you through the film . there are a couple of female nude scenes  which fit into the storyline well .  br    br    wanted babysitter           ren clment  maria schneider  john whittington  vic morrow  
except for the brady variety hour  this was some of the hokiest television i  ve seen in a while . the video production qualities weren  t too bad  but the overall look and feel were unmistakeably early    s . and marie osmond looks like she did battle with the avon lady . . and lost big time . way too much eyeliner .  br    br   it was kind of embarrassing to watch veterans danny kaye and eric severeid take part in this . even more interesting was watching alex haley talk about the african pavillion in world showcase that would be opening  in about a year .   br    br   as of this writing it is   years later and it hasn  t opened yet  unless you count disney  s animal kingdom .  all in all though  for all the shortcomings  this still an interesting visual piece of disney history .  
this may be the worst show i  ve ever seen . aside from the tastelessness of having a sitcom about hitler  it just isn  t funny or entertaining in any way . it is very similar to a      s sitcom in its cornball humor and contrived situations  but while it can be well done like in i love lucy  it  s just not funny here . i think the show was based around the novelty  look  it  s hitler as a bumbling sitcom figure  but it just fell flat in every regard . the guy playing hitler is so hammy that its hard to sit through that alone . i wonder what could have possibly made the network think this was a good idea to air . i thought america had some tasteless show  but the brits had us beat this time . america would never air a sitcom about hitler  although we did have that show about lincoln  s slave  the secret diary of desmond pfeiffer . chances are you  ll probably never see this show  since it only aired one episode and will probably never be released on dvd .  
i wonder who was responsible for this mess . the jokes wouldn  t have worked for gilligan  s island . if this had gone to series  would there have been jokes about auschwitz  or would eva have to replace her oven  only to have adolf suggest the kind that seats     another post compared this show to i love lucy . the problem with this is that lucille ball was a genius at physical comedy and bizarre situations  and this mess was just plain badly done and an insult to my intelligence .  br    br   after the damage the nazi  s did to england and the number of people they killed  i would think the very concept of a comedy about hitler would seem repugnant and most normal people would have killed this concept before any episodes were produced .  
wow you guys are way too nice    corny  corny  corny that is how i feel about that film . it started well with a good idea  a guy  edward asner  escape from jail dressed as santa  a bunch of kids find him and believes his the real santa so the fake santa enlist the children to help him find a bag of stolen money . the film is like a christmas version of  whistle down the wind  . the movie start well but gradually it becomes cheesier and cheesier to the point that at the end it becomes ridiculous and you just cant take this film seriously . for example you get the scrooge type character called sumner  rene auberjonois  who  s a total douchebag who treat his young son like a pile a rubbish  he treat his son so bad that he don  t even buy him decent clothes  the poor kid wears jeans with holes in it  but a   second scene with fake santa visiting sumner and by the end of the film you get the guy all happy singing christmas carol and giving his neglected son a hug . . . yep that is how corny it is . . . i  m all for feel good movie especially during christmas and i am a big fan of seasonal tv movie but this one is way too over the top for me  it is a shame because it started well but the second half of the movie is trowing a supernatural element to the film that just don  t match with the rest of it . it  s not totally bad  there are some solid acting  especially from the children but there are plenty of better christmas film around .  
spoilerskhamosh is totally unrealistic  lacks a plot  and was basically only made to see stars portray themselves . the most suspenseful scene in the movie was when shabana azmi is in the shower and then we see her tv playing the shower scene from psycho . this movie actually expected users to believe that naseeruddin shah  s character has a good enough memory to remember where certain shots were fired and how many   br    br   spoiler begins  br    br   at the end  the killer spills his guts to shabana azmi long enough to allow naseeruddin shah  s character to run up and shoot him   br    br   spoiler ends  br    br   it is a little humorous  only a little  in the beginning to hear the director and cast members throwing insults at each other and hearing shabana azmi exclaim   oh sh  t    br    br   overall  a baaaaaaaaaaad movie   br    br   rating  out of    out of     
i went to see this movie at our college theater thirty years ago because i liked bruce dern in silent running and family plot . to this day  sorry jack nicholson   it is still the dullest movie i  ve ever seen . it just went on and on with no discernible point and then  it just ended . the lights came up and i watched everyone looking around in confusion . had the projectionist missed a reel  i  ve never had the urge to find out . all i remember about the movie is that it was a non  drama about some annoying college basketball players and their coach . the most enjoyable part of the movie was watching the totally mystified audience afterwords . fortunately  this was just an exception for jack  bruce  and karen black .  
                                                                    with their no holds bar cruel offensive humor  sure enough to offended anyone  you would sure think this would be a laugh riot  . . . . . . . . . . . . wrong . worest movie since open water . don  t be to surprised if you completely miss this movie upon release date as i  m sure it wont do very good at all at the box office . this movie had a lot of potential but fell to little to short . no enough character development  awkward actors and the upside of this movie was nudity . boobs . amazing . if i had to see this movie again  i myself would go postal .                                                                 
today  i wrote this review in anger at uwe boll and hollywood .  br    br   hollywood has produced movies based on one of the darkest days of our nation .    changed everything . it changed our perception of security . it changed our understanding of the evil of man and humanity . most importantly and devastatingly  it changed our world .  br    br   however  i can  t not stress how utterly repulsed  disillusioned  and angry i am at the careless  blatant ignorance of hollywood seeking to make a lucrative profit out of death and destruction . this film and those like it are bound to cause controversy amid word  of  mouth among moviegoers and critics alike most surely to be echoed by the mainstream press . hollywood has sunk to a new low . even lower than the low  down bastards who perpetrated the most barbaric acts of savagery and unrelenting cruelty . behind it all is uwe boll . i am very angry at this movie . how dare they disrespect the memories of families of those lost  how dare they mock the lives of the brave men and women who risked their lives to save those trapped in the doomed towers on that fateful day of infamy      how dare they try to satirize and at the same time capitalize on a national tragedy in the mist of a mourning and weary post     world       how . . . dare . . . they   br    br   to those who have the gall to even think of seeing this morally appalling travesty  i say this with a heavy heart with all my strength remember . think back to that day and ask yourself whether or not you are a sane and moral person . think back to that day  ask yourself whether or not this film is a disgrace and dishonor to the lives lost on that day . think back to that day of the outcry of families of loved ones . think back to that day of the lives lost on those two planes . think back to the further carnage it caused following the attacks .  br    br   ask yourself if you have a soul .  br    br   think . remember . respect the memories of the lives lost on    by not seeing this film at all .  
i watched this movie at a sneak preview screening and i  m glad i didn  t pay for it . this movie is just disgusting . its full of dick and fart jokes and takes no pride in the action sequences  such as the shootout in  little germany   . i made a little list of things i enjoyed in the movie . . and a lot of which i didn  t agree of .  br    br    . dave foley  s penis .  . the fart jokes .  . the poop jokes .  . the dude was a pussy .  . no gary coleman .  . the talibans  . again making fun of bush . . we get it he  s an idiot . . move on .  . the dude has blonde hair .  . the plot .   . the killing of minors   . uwe boll was in it .   . most of the cast were just outrages and out there .  br    br   now the  few  good ones  br    br    . the dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game .  . lots of action .  . crotchy made a return  and a cameo of the maker of postal   . uhm . . i didn  t have to pay for it .  . there are a few  what the ef  moments  br    br   boll did it again . he made another crappy game into movie adaption . kudos to you  mr boll .      
if i could i would give zero stars for this one  but unfortunately i have to give one . . .  br    br   there is no single scene i could laugh about . . . but the game didn  t make me laugh either . so if you  re some ill retarded folk  go to your local cinema  watch this movie and give it   stars  like some people here already did .  br    br   but for me . . . in a movie where children are shot dead to achieve humor . . . good taste goes over the edge . . . this was the third time i wasted my time to see a boll movie and it was definitely my last   br    br       . . . i  m ashamed of being from the same country as uwe boll   br    br   please please keep him from making more movies       
i saw this movie at the edmonton international film festival  with the great dr . uwe boll in attendance .  br    br   the film is  simply put  very  very bad . and no  not in the usual uwe boll  so bad it  s actually entertaining  way  but just plain bad . the plot concerns a man who leads a terrible life  because of a past criminal record  apparently   can  t get a job  and with an awful    pound cheating wife . this man turns to his cult  leader uncle in a plan to steal a truck load of toys that contain the bird flu virus . al qaeda also has designs on stealing the toys  and what follows is just under two hours of completely incomprehensible sex and violence .  br    br   the acting is awful  except for dave foley  who really tries  despite it all   the jokes never rise above children being shot in the chest in slow motion  and people taking a poo . it  s supposed to be satire  but i  m not sure of what .  br    br   think  airplane    but done by the creators of south park  and without any jokes .  
okay this is gona be short and sweet review . . . something the movie should have taken a practice ina nd made its life shorter and sweeter than it was .  br    br   this movie is  . there  s a good reason there was a petition with over        signatures all demanding uwe boll stop making movies from franchises people liked . blood rayne being a biggie there .  br    br   the jokes are good . . . if you  ve never heard them a thousand times before . the acting is descent but u can really only blame the script for that . i even a few moments wonder if they  re even using a script .  br    br   the movie has little to nothing to do with the original games . hello if you  ve played the games u know the main character has no real motivation outside homicidal urges like mass murder because he stubbed his toe or simular . there  s way too much story for such a stupid movie . like i said . i wouldn  t even steal this movie . and for the person who says this is  funniest movie of      . . . . . . . . . . need to take a look around  the news is better than this .  
i  m not going to waste my time writing an essay and waste your time . i would like to say  however  that all those who are uptight about this movie even being made are being totally ridiculous . johnnymacbest  you can  t play that card  and i mean the nationalism patriotic card  to make people not watch this movie . this is a movie that expresses its free will in this country  oh yea i played that card  even though the director is german and deserves a slap on the wrist every time he reaches for a camera  but the world is full of controversy  and its the same thing you  ve heard before  like the gta controversy . it  s a comedy  laugh and be disgusted  not disgusted all together  its dark humor and obviously you don  t have the heart to take it  the past is past  yes people remember those who were lost but its time to move on  that was        years ago . you can still watch this movie and have good moral values .  br    br   besides i  m insane  and who needs a soul   
uwe boll has done the impossible create a game adaptation that stays at least somewhat true to the game he has turned a game full of antisocial and offensive content into a movie full of antisocial and offensive content . so  as an adaptation  it  s a success .  br    br   unfortunately  it  s still uwe boll we are dealing with here  so don  t expect the movie to be actually any good . while it does have it  s moment   postal  wears out his welcome very fast and becomes a pain to sit through .  br    br   at its core  postal is a satire on the united states  as done by a twelve year old kid . boll seems to think that offensiveness is linearly proportional to comedic value the more offensive  the funnier  and the more exaggerated the funnier . this results in a movie that sets new levels of tastelessness while being extremely hit and miss . yes  some gags do work but it seems to be pure luck . high points include the director satirizing himself  and people getting hit very violently by trucks and other vehicles . low points include . . well pretty much everything else .  br    br   after the initial surprise wears off  postal simply becomes a bore to watch . yes there is a good joke every and good point ten minutes  but everything else consists of hordes of annoying characters shooting and chasing each other all over the place for what seems to be an eternity .  br    br   this probably would have worked as a short movie  but it  s just not enough content for something that lasts over   minutes  although it feels twice as long  . there are nice ideas and nice tries  but they get hopelessly lost in endless and pointless action scenes and content that is offensive just for the sake of it      
  blood of the sacred  blood of the damned  is the third installment of the gabriel knight games  a series of adventure games about the roguish writer  paranormal detective  gabriel knight . gabriel and his companion  grace  have been asked by prince james of albany to investigate a series of mysterious attacks by so  called  night visitors .  when the son of prince james is kidnapped  gabriel pursues the night visitors to rennes le chteau  where he begins piecing together a mystery relating to the holy grail .  br    br   despite the marketing  this game is not about vampires . vampires have a token appearance in the game  but never command center stage  as did the voodoo hounfor in  sins of the fathers  or the werewolves in  the beast within .  gabriel and grace make no attempt to uncover the true nature of vampires  or to research lore on vampires . although the vampires do murder three people during the course of the game  their victims are chosen at random and have nothing to do with the main plot .  br    br   a large part of the charm of the first two gabriel knight installments was in the relationships which gabriel formed with the villains . through these relationships  the player could not help but sympathize with the villain  and thus the villain was transformed into more of a human and less of a monster . however  in  blood of the sacred   gabriel  s only interaction with the villain is through a single  cheesy interview  which does nothing to endear the villain to the player .  br    br   the roles that gabriel and grace play in this mystery are fairly futile . gabriel spends his time snooping into the identities of members of a treasure  hunter tour group staying at his hotel  but what he uncovers amounts to nothing more than a red herring . grace spends her time researching the mystery of rennes le chteau  but all her research is rendered superfluous by the presence of a perplexing ally who has known the answer to this mystery for centuries .  br    br   the actions of this perplexing ally and his polar opposite    the vampire leader    are insupportable . the ally leaves hints about the mystery of rennes le chteau in broad daylight and expects grace  and not the other treasure hunters from the tour group  to find them . however  he could have revealed the mystery to grace in its entirety on day   instead of putting the kidnapped child at risk for an additional   hours . and in the end  he simply tells grace the mystery in its entirety anyway .  br    br   meanwhile  the vampire leader fails to achieve the goals of centuries of scheming  because he chooses to refrain from action for two days after the kidnapping of the child . the only reason given for his decision to delay action is that he wants to savor his victory .  br    br   the game would have been much better had it been purely focused on the holy grail . the kidnapping and vampires should have been omitted  replaced with a race against the vatican to uncover the mystery of rennes le chteau . since gabriel is portrayed more than once as reluctantly catholic  this conflict would have had many opportunities for character development .  br    br   all in all  the game was a disappointing installment in the series  despite an improved interface and the return of tim curry as the voice of gabriel knight .  
spoilers i  m always surprised at how many people gave this game good reviews . it was awful . the script and voice acting alone ruined it . gabriel and grace are the most unlikeable characters in the game . you almost pray for their deaths . and worst of all  there are less vampires in this game than there were werewolves in the beast within .  br    br   the lack of real vampires was incredibly disappointing . if you  re expecting some kind of anne rice style vampire story  forget it . this game  s story has very little to do with vampires . you won  t even see any till about the very end and even then  you won  t get to fight them .  br    br   the story has radical  and pretty much blasphemous  views of christianity . i  m amazed it got off the drawing board . i  m not even christian and i found it offensive . mostly  the story centers around a search for the holy grail and buried treasure . the kidnapping of a royal baby  which should have been the focus  really gets pushed aside . there is no sense of urgency for gabriel to find the baby . in fact  he almost never asks anyone about the baby after the first few time blocks .  br    br   the graphics are pretty bad . the characters move about at a snail  s pace even on the best of systems . they are chunky and outdated . and it  s hard to go from the fmv of the beast within to this horrible game engine for blood of the sacred .  br    br   the relationship between gabriel and grace takes an awful turn  too . i really don  t know why it was so horribly rushed  but they do sleep together . and it  s not fun . gabriel spends most of the game telling his best friend mosely how he thinks of grace as more of a sister and he doesn  t think she  s the one for him . and he seems really grossed out that they slept together . but he  s so unlikeable throughout the game  that you almost don  t even care at that point . his dialogue was the worst in the game . and he was constantly making stupid sexual innuendos at anything female the entire game . by the end of the game  grace leaves him with what appears to be a dear john letter . i guess she was as fed up with him as most of the players were .  br    br   i found the story to be annoying and boring . i was expecting to play a story of a royal baby who was kidnapped by vampires . and i was expecting to get to see and fight vampires  maybe even have gabriel or grace turn into one . but no . instead  the story focused on the author  s warped vision of christianity . what a shame . here they had the elements for a great adventure  and instead we got this .  br    br   for me  the only interesting parts of the game were actually at the very end . we do get a few action style puzzles at the end . but it wasn  t worth suffering through the entire game to get to them .  br    br   i can  t really recommend this game . i had gotten it back when it came out  years ago  and i hated the game engine so much that i shelved it for years . i only recently dusted it off to see what i  d been missing . and now  i  m very sorry that i did . my favorite characters were ruined . i hope there will be a fourth game just to redeem the series . and i hope they get it right next time . it would be a terrible shame to end the series with this installment .  
fashionably fragmented  yet infuriatingly half  realized character  study  an examination of the different personalities of two college roommates a talented but undisciplined star basketball player  and a pot  smoking  womanizing rabble  rouser . we never learn why these young men are friends . they may share confusions about the world and their places in it  but they don  t seem to have anything else in common . making his directorial debut  jack nicholson   who also co  wrote the screenplay with jeremy larner  based upon larner  s book   doesn  t introduce us to the characters with any clarity  nor he does shape the scenes to help us identify with anyone on the screen . there are some very decent performances here  particularly from newcomer william tepper in the central role   but most of the picture is unformed  perhaps intentionally   sketchy or unsure . bruce dern plays the hard  driving basketball coach  karen black is the older  married lady tepper is having an affair with  and michael margotta is tepper  s wayward friend  in an off  putting  over  the  top performance  . nicholson fails to set up the sequences with any particular flavor  preferring  i assume  to let the character interaction dominate the film  s tone his script is no help either  and as a result it is unclear whom we  re supposed to sympathize with . small  random moments do work  a supermarket fight between tepper and black  dern visiting tepper in his dorm  room  all of the scenes set on the court   however the entire third act of the picture is an excruciating mess . hoping to juxtapose an all  important b  ball game with a sexual assault  nicholson shows no style at his craft  nor does he earn points for chutzpah  as his staging of these events is squashy and ugly  . when a director goes out of his way to humiliate his actors  one has to question his motives in doing so . perhaps if  drive  he said  ultimately made some sort of powerful statement in the bargain  audiences could forgive the filmmaker for his lapses in judgment and taste . unfortunately  the perplexing closer is as dumbfounding as much of the rest of the movie .     from   
pier paolo pasolini  or pee  pee  pee as i prefer to call him  due to his love of showing male genitals   is perhaps the most overrated european marxist director  and they are thick on the ground . how anyone can see  art  in this messy  cheap sex  romp concoction is beyond me . some of the  stories  here could have come straight out of a soft  core porn film  and i am not even so much referring to the nudity but the simplistic and banal  often pointless stories . anyone who enjoyed this relatively watchable but dumb oddity should really sink his teeth into the  der schulmaedchenreport  soft  porn german   s movie series  because that  s what  decameron  looks like to me .  br    br   besides  the movie is sloppy on nearly all levels  from start to finish  br    br    . editing . an example at  hour   minutes   seconds there is a chasing scene that is put quite clearly in the wrong place . it was supposed to be placed about a minute later  but i guess that pasolini must have hired boozed  up editors who have little time for the  fine details  of movie  making . pee  pee  pee  s fans would probably counter this by saying that it was placed there intentionally  which i very much doubt . besides  even if that were true  that would be even worse  because that story gains absolutely nothing by making it harder to follow .  this isn  t exactly  eraserhead  or one of tarantino  s broken  form films . . .   br    br    . acting . vey sloppy . triple pee  s fans  all  of them  proudly declare how  p  o uses  real people instead of actors  .  aren  t actors people  or are they martians  sure  many actors have sub  par iqs but does that mean we should treat them with contempt . . .   other directors have used amateurs and succeeded  such as alan parker or de niro   so why are ppp  s amateurs so utterly awful in his movies  the answer is once again appalling sloppiness . pasolini is sloppy in everything  and that includes trying to get as much out of his toothless amateurs as he can . he is a lazy director  an imperfectionist if you like . the anti  kubrick  i suppose . . . pee  pee  pee  s principal goal when casting must have been to find as many toothless old people as possible  and young men that are to his liking  . in pasolini  s world there is a simple formula lack of teeth  strange face  realism . it  s all well and fine to have them toothless  but at least try to eke out some at least semi  decent performances out of these inexperienced neo  thespians  otherwise you  re an amateur yourself  an amateur director  in pasolini  s case . whether  p   wasn  t capable of this feat or simply didn  t care doesn  t change anything .  who knows . . . maybe he didn  t even notice the awful acting    br    br    . audio . the synchronization . if  p   felt that microphones are too much of a hassle when filming a movie  then he ought to have at least made a concerted effort in post  production  i . e . getting all these bum actors to say their lines on cue in the studio  so that we the viewers wouldn  t have to watch mouths move while the elusive dialogue floats elsewhere in the movie .  br    br    . lack of concept . we have close to a dozen stories which aren  t connected in any meaningful way . some are anti  church  more on that later   while some are merely sex yarns i . e . cheap male  sometimes gay  fantasies designed to titillate and nothing else . the stories and characters are not amusing  if at all  on an intelligent level  but on the basest level .   year  old kids can laugh here . . . and there is nothing wrong with that  but then don  t call it exalted  intellectual art   br    br    . as a result of point   there is also a lack of logic in the order of the stories . that goes without saying . pee  pee  pee could have arranged the order in any other way  and we would have had the exact same movie . this also means that you can feel free to start from the middle then go back to the beginning  etc .  decameron  is like a bowl of spaghetti that way when you start eating it you can begin with any thread you want  it makes no difference at all .  br    br    . the pointlessness of the stories  resolutions . most stories end with a cheap gag  joke  i . e . some damn dumb punchline straight out of a porn comic  book  whereas some stories don  t even have a conclusion they merely end . finito . at best  the stories are watchable semi  anecdotes  barely any deeper meaning there  unless you find  deep  meanings in a porno . there is  of course  nothing easier than looking for and finding  meaning  where there is an absence of it . hence even any hardcore porn film can be philosophized  mused over endlessly . it  s easy and fun . try it  oh ye  ppp fans   br    br   as for the church  bashing . . . some viewers get all excited about his attack on catholicism and what  not . in principal  that  s all well and fine  after all  i  m an atheist myself  but what those people ignore is the simple but essential fact that pasolini was a marxist . it  s like the pot calling the kettle black . a marxist criticizing the church for hypocrisy and stupidity  where does he get the nerve  besides  pasolini wasn  t an atheist  hence his high  and  mighty and self  righteous stance isn  t justified . after all  marxists are believers they merely substituted the accepted god with the idea of a utopia  which is merely another supernatural wishful  thinking fantasy . hence i cannot get excited about ppp  s anti  religion antics .  br    br   this sophomoric humpdorama anthology ends with pasolini saying rather pretentiously  i wonder . . . why produce a work of art when it  s nice just to dream about it   he wasn  t actually referring to this silly little movie as art  was he . . .  in case he was  the poor deluded man  then i have to wonder why he didn  t just leave it at dreaming  and not make all those bad movies . . .  br    br   wanna read my altered subtitles of bergman movies  e  mail me .  
although i am generally a proponent of the well  made film  i do not limit myself to films which escape those boundaries  and more often than not i do enjoy and admire films that successfully  break the rules .  and it is quite true that director pasolini breaks the rules of established cinema . but it is also my opinion that he does not break them successfully or to any actual point .  br    br   pasolini  s work is visually jarring  but this is less a matter of what is actually on the screen than how it is filmed  and the jumpiness of his films seem less a matter of artistic choice than the result of amateur cinematography . this is true of decameron . pasolini often preferred to use non  actors  and while many directors have done so with remarkable result  under pasolini  s direction his non  actors tend to remain non  actors . this is also true of decameron . pasolini quite often includes images designed to shock  offend  or otherwise disconcert the audience . such elements can often be used with startling effect  but in pasolini  s hands such elements seldom seem to actually contribute anything to the film . this is also true of decameron .  br    br   i have been given to understand there are many people who like  even admire pasolini  s films . even so  i have never actually met any of them  and i have never been able to read anything about pasolini or his works that made the reason for such liking or admiration comprehensible to me . judging him from his works alone  i am of the opinion that he was essentially an amateurish director who did not  break the rules  so much by choice as by lack of skill   and who was initially applauded by the intelligentsia of his day for  existential boldness   thereby simply confirming him in bad habits as a film maker . i find his work tedious  unimpressive  and pretentious . and this  too  is true of decameron . it is also  sadly  true of virtually every pasolini film it has been my misfortune to endure .  
the tragedy is that this piece of rubbish was part of my curriculum while i was studying cinema . so imagine how i was forced to watch it in complete . believe me going through hell is much much easier . our professor told us that this is some film     but he never thought that we  d disagree or assume the apposite . i don  t think that there is any gods on earth  we  re only humans  so all the filmmakers  therefore they can make mistakes  bad movies . . or very bad too . the main problem wasn  t that art  by all means  is susceptible to endless points of view  but that a lot of people just don  t get it  that every single human got his own genuine taste  his own opinion  hence what i suppose it the greatest movie ever made  can also be your worst one ever  and how that is right both ways  but how many people can understand this correctly  . so my professor believes in this movie  and simply i don  t . however  the only way to evaluate this  thing  is by measuring it by its original intent to show us different kinds of old folk stories or whatever to catch on this society  s mentality  imagination  and nature . to tell you the damn truth mr . pier paolo pasolini as the scriptwriter and the director made it too unbearable to watch in the first place . the movie is so ugly . i can  t stand this  so how about analyzing it  then discovering the potential beauty in it   it  s beyond your mind hideousness  and strangely not for the sake of the movie  s case or anything  it  s for the sake of the unstable vision of  pasolini  . his work is so primitive to underdeveloped extent . the deadly cinematic technique  the effective sense of silliness  and the incredible horribleness made everything obnoxious . look at the atrocious acting  the unfruitful cinematography  the awfully poor sets  . . oh my god i  ve got the nausea already . it can terminate your objectivity violently as watching this movie is one true pain like taking the wisdom tooth off by a blind doctor . there are dreadful nightmares which could be more merciful than this . so originally  how to continue that just to review it fairly  actually  you don  t . as this very movie doesn  t treat you fair at all . there is really memorable scene in here where some boys are peeing into the eye of the camera    i  m trying to connect some things like that with pasolini  s end as murdered .  
though the title may suggest examples of the   commandments  it is a definitely incorrect assumption . this is an adaptation of  seemingly unrelated stories from giovanni bocaccio  s   th century  decameron  story collection .  br    br   set within a medieval italian town  s largely peasant population  it is a diatribe on the reality of sex  and its consequences  within that world and time . a realistic view of life within this world  it sometimes feels like a journey back in time .  br    br   given the depicted human element of its time  one can also see the more adventurous side of morality in its protagonists  as well as the ironies of life  at times . or it may also be viewed as a general satire of the catholic church  s rules .  br    br   nothing terribly special  but definitely interesting if one comes with no expectations or assumptions .  
yeah  i  get  pasolini and his milieu  but at the same time  i feel his  decameron  is largely overrated  and more than a little disturbing . overrated because the supposed  realism  he introduces  milling crowds  crumbling architecture  etc .  are mooted by the absurd and downright goofy way that the characters behave . in the pursuit of realism  pasolini utilized many non  actors  but their deer  in  the  headlights stares and painfully awkward line delivery gives the whole a terribly off  kilter and inconsistent feel . and frankly   many of the toothless  misshapenly  featured people are painful to look at .  br    br   and pasolini  s  decameron  is disturbing  to me at least  because of the casual and prevalent homosexual content . not because i  m prudish or homophobic  i  m neither  but because the emphasis that pasolini places upon homoerotic images and situations is contrary to the neo  realism he otherwise espouses  so it comes off as gratuitous and forced . one can almost hear him say  ooh   i  ve got to stick a cute  naked boy in this scene   at times it seems that pasolini is trying to play up the homosexual angle to thumb his nose at critics  and at other times because he enjoys that aspect himself  regardless of what his audience might prefer .  br    br   the disjointedness of the  or   different stories in pasolini  s  decameron  struck me as being a failing of pasolini as a storyteller  rather than being an aspect of neo  realism . he seems to get bored with each story and so he wraps them up rather unconvincingly and with little conviction . even the pasolini  s final line of dialog in the film  which some people seem to find pithy   why create a work of art when dreaming about it is so much sweeter      to me  it just makes me wonder why pasolini would bother making a film if he felt this way  in my opinion  a far better  crafted film  and with more homosexual content  is fellini  s  satyricon  . it is also full of bizarre  looking people and absurd situations  but it succeeds because of its pacing  direction and strong storytelling whereas  decameron  fails by those same elements .  
this is a review of  freddy mercury the untold story   theatrical release  chicago int . film festival      one of the phoniest  uninspired and most tedious biographical documentaries i have seen . if the film i saw in a movie theater was originally released on tv  i would plead with its producers and distributors to not fool a paying audience with the false promise of a cinematically worthy documentary feature . even as a made  for  tv documentary  the sentimental piano solos accompanying interviewees sitting in front of flower arrangements in hotel rooms and the pompous  pseudo  literary narration rang more true of a sleepapedic bed infomercial . the only redeeming aspects of this  the untold story of freddy mercury    or  uhm  was it  the untold story of princess diana  are the original concert  video and tv footage   unabridged freddy mercury and queen . testimonial interviews with irrelevant eye witnesses with insights  such as  he was a free spirit    really . . i thought freddy mercury was a company man . . .  belittle those freddy testimonials  by brian may or montserrat caballe that shed new and affectionate light into mercury  s complex life and character . and . . . what up with the harry potter  like boarding school segments  how did the interview with the first girl  crush   . . . who now works in a travel agency   and members of freddy  s first school band contribute to what i really want to know about mercury  vital milestones of his personal life  his sexuality  his artistic style and growth  queen  the band remain unexplored . these filmmakers don  t ask a single  provocative question  nor do they engage in independent or visionary research of their subject  instead delivering a tedious montage of politely clean and vastly empty comments about an enigmatic and brilliant rock legend  who doesn  t deserve to be remembered by this history channel biography your grandparents can doze off to on a sunday night .  
kojak meets the mafia . telly savales is one of those guys from the past that seems pretty forgettable . i never thought that his show was all that great . this is his one dimensional characterization of a crime boss  with very predictable results . if you take the car chases and the general rambling out  there isn  t much plot development or action . i find mafia movies to be dull because i have no respect or interest in common criminals and their actions . hollywood  and in this case  the italian cinema  treat these guys as heroes . i saw the film and in a few days i won  t remember much about it . lots of shooting  innocent bystanders dying  betrayal  and that sick loyalty . the film is photographed pretty well and the acting is decent . but the dubbing is so bad  due to voices that just couldn  t come out of those bodies   that i almost started looking for godzilla approaching the bay .  
crime boss is directed by alberto de martino an italian crime drama partially filmed in hamburg  germany . an easily forgotten movie . even in spite of a good car chase sequence  this flick seems to lumber on almost aimlessly . a new don takes over a powerful mafia family and finds himself fighting for his own life . unwritten laws and ethics of the mafia code make it hard to trust in anyone especially when millions of dollars are at stake . brutality and violence breed the same in return . this can not be put on a shelf with the real gangster epics . just the look of the film brings back memories of american drive  in fare . even the popular american actor telly savalas can  t boost the calibre of this crime drama . antonio sabato also stars withpaola tedesco  guido lollobrigida  serio tramonti and piero morgia .  
as if there weren  t enough of those floating around at the time already  we have here another lame godfather clone from the director of il consigliori       which i had watched earlier this year . the marquee  value name roped in this time is telly savalas who belatedly enters the proceedings and is first seen from behind  rather campily tending to his flowers and wearing a beret in the style of french painters  apart from not looking minimally sicilian  he sports no accent of any kind other than his familiar drawl . antonio sabato  then  makes for an unlikely gangster  apart from being a resistible leading man his relationship with savalas  which becomes paternal at the flick of an eye  is also unconvincing  especially since he subsequently becomes romantically involved with the latter  s spirited teenage niece   besides  for a gangster flick  there  s precious little action to speak of and none of it is in any way memorable  though the finale set in a clinic is well enough handled   furthermore  the score by francesco de masi is serviceable but nothing else . incidentally  the bargain  basement dvd i rented starts off midway through the credits so that none of the cast members  or even the film  s title  is ever listed   
alright if you want to go see this movie just give me our money i  ll  br    br   kick you were it counts and you  ll have the same amount of fun . i  ll  br    br   even guarantee more fun . this movie once again shows what happens when  br    br   you can  t get any one else to hire your family and your forced to make  br    br   your own movies . same  i  m going through puberty humor jokes  just  br    br   dumber and grosser . this movie is really a disgrace to movie goers . they  br    br   try to shock you into laughing because you can  t believe the levels they  br    br   have to stoop to make you laugh . so my offer above stands as  
i don  t know where to begin  so i  ll begin with a snippet from the back of the cover of this movie .  alive combines the tension of vincenzo natali  s cube with kitamura  s own versus .  i have not seen versus  so i can  t comment on that  but i think cube was an excellent movie which i recommend to everyone . however  in this case someone has clearly confused  tension  with  boredom  .  br    br   i  ll just go ahead and spoil the entire plot  because besides being one holy swiss cheese of a plot  it  s also moldy cheese  and the movie is not worth spending any time on even if you don  t know the plot beforehand  so it doesn  t matter . if i have misunderstood the plot  don  t hit me  it  s probably because i had to struggle to keep my eyelids open .  br    br   so the american military in nevada once lost a ufo i the nambi desert . this apparently makes sense because they  re both deserts so surely they  re practically the same place . different continents or not . a monkey broke into the ufo and acquired an alien something which was passed on to a japanese researcher who had to eat the monkey to survive in the desert . what ever . the alien thing is now passed on to anyone who  s  bloodthirsty  enough to kill the current host . the japanese military wants to use it for military stuff  so they decide to make it pass from the current host  the researcher  s daughter  to some other dude . but instead of just picking someone out of the military  which is full of people who are bloodthirsty and already on the military  s side  they decide that it  s probably a good idea to pick some criminal out of death row instead . oh  and the reason they pick this particular criminal from death row is because he was the first person in history to not die from the non  lethal electric shock which is the standard execution method  because everyone dies from the placebo effect when they get electrocuted . i don  t know if they do this so they can giggle in the staff room at how everyone dies even though it  s not deadly  or if they just want to cut down the electricity bill .  br    br   then the movie turns into what the matrix would have been if it had been really lame  and superfluous fighting bores us to tears for what feels like an hour . and oh wait  now they remember that they already had a dude who was infected with the alien thing  so the entire movie up to this point was actually a totally waste of time and also human lives . then everyone dies . the end .  br    br   the only one moment in the movie where i didn  t want to go away and sleep or eat a sandwich instead  was when a dude was pinned to a wall by a pipe through his chest  and he  s hanging around up there and another dude walks by . the dude hanging on the wall says  i  m in pain  shoot me  . and the living dude looks at him  and it  s not like he  s a mean dude or anything  so he really looks sorrowful and doesn  t want the guy on the wall to suffer . so he shoots him .  br    br    rhetorical pause .   br    br   in the stomach .  gee thanks a freakin  heap .   
after coming off the first one you think the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes . though i guess not . if the first one wasn  t bad enough this one is just so bad it hurts to watch . with all the actors they had in this film you think they could come up with something a little more clever . though they couldn  t  they had to take all the same raunchy  not funny jokes from the first one and somehow put it into this film thinking people would laugh at it again . though the thing is i didn  t laugh at it the first time . they tried to make these movies into parodies though they failed at every level . most of the time it  s just randomly inserted jokes  that are so disgusting and raunchy that it  s hard to watch it and enjoy it . then when they do try to do scenes that are movie parodies they just end up making a   minute recreation of the scene with maybe one joke within the entire scene . also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience  well i fit into the age range that it  s supposed to be funny for . while people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not  if you do find this funny then you probably aren  t one of the more mature or intelligent people around . it doesn  t take that much skill to write that kind of a script  though if you do want a more clever and funnier movie go see the movie spaceballs . it  s a movie parody that  s actually good and well done and it didn  t have to use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny either .  
given that this movie was put together in less than a year might explain its shortness    minutes  including end credits  so roughly   minutes of actual film  . but what it cannot explain is its lack of humor that the previous film possessed .  br    br   the gags are quick and sometimes not even funny . the only true funny parts are the quick spoofs on the nike basketball spots  james woods  portrayal of max van sydow  s character in the exorcist  and bits and pieces scattered throughout the film . very unfunny was the take off of charlie  s angels  which like the first scary movie and the matrix spin off scene  basically recreated the scene without much humor injected into it .  br    br   today  s youth might not be able to relate to the spoof gags of the classic supernatural horror films of the    s such as the exorcist and maybe of the   s  poltergeist  et . al .  br    br   hopefully scary movie  will take some time to put together  making the spoofs more enjoyable .  br    br   one thing though  the film features more than the last one of promising young actress anna faris  whom i will admit seemed exceptionally hot in the sequel  . just for her casting and acting ability  i give this movie a    out of     .  
the script for  scary movie   just wasn  t ready to go . this is a problem with the film that is blatantly evident  to the actors and the audience alike . director keenan ivory wayans  and many of the actors are funny people and so the movie isn  t completely humorless . to their credit  the film has several funny moments . but as a whole   scary movie   is not even close to being as clever and amusing as the original .  br    br   the first  scary movie  was a laugh a minute film . it turned the smallest subtleties of the slasher film genre into comedic gold . the humor in  scary movie   is as heavy handed as it is un  original . they even miss obvious opportunities for parody . two of the movies stars are former cast members of  beverly hills        and this was a show that was begging to be parodied  in the final analysis   scary movie   is like a fine bottle of wine that was opened far too soon . the script needed a lot more time to age .  stars out of  .  
the first one was different and funny . this attempt should have never left the studio . this movie does not make you laugh . it is a weak attempt at gross out humor . the movie picks out current and old movies to rip  off . this time the jokes seem used and overdone . the audience that i saw it with only re  acted to hannibal dinner scene and was otherwise asleep .  
i know a few things that are worst . a few . it had a couple of funny scenes . it is a movie not appropriate for kids but  only a child would find this movie hilarious . this is definetly a movie that you would like to use a free rental coupon for . don  t waste your money just to laugh a couple of times .  
i was very disappointed by this movie . i thought that  scary movie  although not a great movie was very good and funny .  scary movie   on the other hand was boring  not funny  and at times plain stupid .  br    br   the exorcist  amityville spoof was probably the best part of the movie . james woods was great .  br    br   now  i  ll admit that i am at a disadvantage since i have not seen a few of the movies that this parodies unlike the first  where i had basically seen them all . but bad comedy is still bad comedy .  br    br   something that really hurt this movie was the timing  which ruined some of what might have been good jokes . scenes and jokes drag out way to long .  br    br   also  the same jokes keep getting repeated again and again . for example  the talking bird . ok it was funny the first and maybe even the second time . but it kept getting repeated to the point of annoying . the routine between the wheelchair guy and hanson  chris elliott  was amusing at first but it kept getting repeated and ended up stupid and even tasteless .  br    br   some jokes even got repeated from the first movie . for example  the  creaming  i guess you would call it of cindy  anna faris  was funny in  scary movie  because cindy had been holding out on giving her boyfriend sex for so long  that essentially he had blue balls from hell and it was funny when he  creamed  her . but this time around it was out of place and not funny .  br    br   the bathroom and sexual humor in general was more amusing and well timed the first time around . the scat humor was excessive though and rather unneccessary in the second film .  br    br   tori spelling was annoying and really had no place in this movie .  br    br   but i did enjoy shorty  marlon wayans  who in my opinion was the funniest character in the first film . the scene with him and the pot plant was one of my favorites from the second film .  br    br   don  t get me wrong  i love the wayans family and their humor . that is why this film is so disappointing . . . they have a lot more comic ability than endless scat jokes .  
scary movie  was a grave disappointment . simply referencing movies  like mission impossible  does not lead to comedy . the movie opens well enough with a funny white people rapping scene and an excellent use of james woods ands andy richter . the movie plummets from there unfortunately . the acting is awful . tori spelling looks and acts completely out of place . the movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly slow paced . some of the longer gags in this snail paced movie  involving joints and a previously mentioned tom cruise movie  werent funny to anyone in my theater . the movie  thankfully  comes screeching to a halt at   minutes in a shockingly unfunny ending .  i say shocking because the ending does not even attempt to end with humor  i dont know what else to say except that is a sloppy rushed sequel done to make miramax some more cash on the backs of dumb teenagers . overall  a very poorly done movie .  
  scary movie   is a let down to the scary movie franchise . scary movie    and  were all good but this one was kind of boring and not very funny . luckily they picked their act up after this one and made two more great scary movies .  br    br   this film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night . things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape .  br    br   this movie isn  t horrible but they could have improved quite a few things . it is a bit of fun and if you liked the other movies in the scary movie franchise then give this a watch  but i don  t think you will like it nearly as much .  
scary movie  is definitely the worst of the  films  for there is not much of a plot  bad acting  pretty tedious and some really cheesy jokes . but . and this is a big but  there is one good actor  one good recurring joke  and a good beginning . the good actor being tim curry  the one good recurring joke is the creepy  weird butler with the disgusting hand who always does cringey but laugh worthy things . and the good beginning is the spoof of the excorsist .  br    br   the plot to scary movie  is the main characters from the original and a host of new characters along the way are invited to stay the night at a creepy old mansion  but will they survive the night  this film is not very good but if your bored you might as well watch it   
i loved the original scary movie . i  m a huge fan of parody  it is my favorite form of humor . it is sometimes regarded as the most intelligent form of humor . the wayans boys seemed to grasp that concept perfectly in the original film  then temporarily forgot it when making the sequel . i think the wayans  are a family of comical geniuses . alas  even geniuses make mistakes .  br    br   the movie begins with promise . i liked  the exorcist  parody  especially the  come on out  ma  gag . now  that  s wayans  quality material . but  other than that  i can only think of two other times i laughed   when tori spelling is seduced in the middle of the night by a spirit  then becomes clingy and starts talking about marriage with him . meanwhile  he  s saying   it was just a booty call    that was kinda funny .   the  save the last dance  parody where the cindy character inadvertently beats up a girl while practicing her new moves . but even the short  lived giggles are no match for the side  splitting laughs of the first scary movie .  br    br   the rest of the movie is pure trash  filled with cheap gross  out gags . jokes from the first movie which were subtle or implied are magnified and overdone . for example  in scary movie i  several innuendos are made to imply that the character ray is gay . this was hilarious . but  in scary movie ii  the whole penis  strangulation scene with ray under the bed was mind  numbing and incredibly unfunny . this is the pattern of the whole film . shock humor alone doesn  t take a movie very far . this was a trend in     and      unfortunately .  br    br   as much as it pains me to rate a wayans movie so low  i have to give this one a  out of   .  
i  ll keep this short  as i know i don  t need to say much .  br    br    alive  is a strange little film that obviously appeals to some  but i found it to be shockingly bland from almost the very beginning . the film did very little to make any of the characters likable and the story at times became so convoluted that i completely lost interest . as i said  i know others enjoyed it  but i found kitamura  s  alive  to be anything but  a lame  extremely boring drama disguised as a thought  provoking action sci  fi flick . i felt like i was suckered into watching this film  based by its intriguing premise and uber  exciting cover art .  br    br   my suggestion  pass it up for kitamura  s far more enjoyable freshman effort  versus  or his     riot  godzilla final wars  .  br    br   . . . and don  t get me wrong  i  m always up for a good thinking man  s film  but this certainly wasn  t it . there was nary a moment that i actually cared about a single event taking place in this overly  preachy  dialogue  heavy movie .  br    br   if you wanna talk about something . . . talk about boring .  
keenan ivory wayans is probably one of the worst directors  i swear he has no real knowledge on how to make films . he has made one brilliant film and that is scary movie . scary movie  was ok too but everything else keenan has made are real disasters . avoid such titles like don  t be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood . . . . . i know  what a title    obviously this film too  just anything that has keenans name in the credits .  br    br   it was an hour and a half on stupid nonsense that never made me laugh . just trust me on this  maybe women might like this film a little because of some of things that happen but on a whole this film will never be liked by anyone with a good taste in films . . . . . . . .     . . . . . . . j . d seaton  
basically this is an overlong  unfunny  action  comedy . first of all i  d like to say that i did enjoy the wayans brother scary movie    and the sequel had it  s moments . unfortunately white chicks doesn  t even deliver half the laughs .  br    br   the humour in it is absolutely crude . if you like burping  farting  stupid catchphrases you should probably look at this . when it isn  t crude it  s idiotic . the first   minutes of the film gave everything away to me  totally unfunny  simply idiotic .  br    br   however i watched the whole thing since i was with a friend  otherwise i wouldn  t have bothered  . the story is undeniably thin  it was in scary movie too but there at least the laughs were quick and constant . i think this is probably one of the main problems too with this film  the laughs don  t come quick enough . some jokes are dragged out too long when they  re more disgusting than funny in the first place . if you prefer your comedy with a few brain cells then just avoid this . if you want a silly comedy with more laughs then look at scary movie  airplane  hotshots    .  br    br       completely unfunny  thin storyline  a film that seems to be based on one idea  i . e . what if we dressed up as white chicks for a film   but simply didn  t have enough material .  
i don  t often go out of my way to write comments  but for this i had to  just to warn anyone that might think that by watching this they will see a comedy . this doesn  t come close . while the premise  change in colour  gender  whatever  is bad enough  and has been done  better  many times before  the actual transformation of two black guys into two white girls is one of the least convincing transformations ever put on screen . it would be bad enough if all that was required by the script was a change to white chicks . however the wayans brothers are required to disguise themselves as two specific white women . as you will have guessed by now  they fail completely . i have seen drag queens without makeup make more convincing women than these two do with the best special effects and make  up people that hollywood can provide . its appalling . add to the mix a basketball player built like a building  terrible dialogue and more plot holes than a golf course and this film hits a new personal low . and i like bad movies  avoid like the plague .  
white chicks hold on  why couldn  t they have dressed as black chicks  oh yeah  they wouldn  t look different at all . can anyone give me one wayans movie where they haven  t dressed up as ladies  don  t be a menace doesn  t count  jack white and michael costanza ghost wrote that  the other norton trio members acted as directors  .  br    br   in white chicks  there  s never really any jokes . it  s just the wayans acting like girls for  hours . there  s no setups  no punchlines and no laughs . there is a lot of  i think i  m gonna play some time crisis  .  at least for me there was   times to be exact  .  br    br   somebody has to tell kenan ivory  damon  marlon  shawn  damien  the only talented one   kim  rakeesha  george w .  and osama bin wayans to stop making movies . its only hurting the o  zone layer .  br    br   verdict     out of   
i wanted so much to enjoy this movie . it moved very slowly and was just boring . if it had been on tv  it would have lasted   to   minutes  maybe . what happened to the story  a great cast and photographer were working on a faulty foundation . if this is loosely based on the life of the director  why didn  t he get someone to see that the writing itself was  loose  . then he directed it at a snail  s pace which may have been the source of a few people nodding off during the movie . the music soars  but for a different film  not this one . . . . for soap opera saga possibly . there were times when the dialogue was not understandable when armin meuller stahl was speaking . i was not alone  because i heard a few rumblings about who said what to whom . why can  t hollywood make better movies  this one had the nugget of a great story  but was just poorly executed .  
i enjoyed the movie very much  emotionally  intellectually  and visually . it contains no violence or sex or drugs or special effects  and doesn  t need them one bit  holding my attention the entire time with the visuals  story  and interspersed words of wisdom .  br    br   however    some of the foreign language accents made the dialog difficult to hear  understand    there is unnecessary overuse of swearing  especially the f  word  which is the only reason this movie was rated r  .    the movie is balanced with humor and emotion  but most of the emotion that holds you throughout the film  except the final resolution last minutes  is unpleasant due to the exaggerated long  lasting dysfunctional reaction of some of the characters to loss  living in the depths of bitterness and depression for too long .    i will not recommend this movie because of   seconds of background narration  which did not add one bit to the side  character it applied to  or the film   it only turned me off to the movie and stuck in my brain through the whole movie and afterward the main character  s mother of german ancestry  when watching old wwii movies   secretly roots for the germans .  there would be no  local color  or art if the nazi  s won the war . i don  t know of any germans today except radical skinheads who think the world would be a better place if the nazi  s won wwii .  
as gently as i can  i sincerely believe this movie is a waste of time . i did not find it the  warm  emotionally satisfying  film others did . i found it boring  with music that distracted from the film . the story was thin  the characters overdrawn  and the direction pedestrian .  br    br   fooey .  br    br   now i  m going to write some more about this movie  so i make the   line minimum . there really isn  t more to be said and brevity is important  but imdb has its minimums  so here goes .  br    br   young eager kid finds nascent talent  seeks time with aging  embittered mentor in spite of father  s cartoonish homophobia . aging  embittered mentor turns out to drink a lot and teach very little . conflict arises . while i don  t think this is a spoiler  i  ve added the warning in case someone feels this much information is too much .  br    br   mostly  i just found the film boring and pretentious . a waste of my time . i honestly don  t understand what little fuss there seems to be  mostly on this web site  about the transcendent quality of this movie . i think it  s really worth avoiding . but  as dennis miller used to say   maybe i  m wrong .   
this movie was a major disappointment on direction  intellectual niveau  plot and in the way it dealt with its subject  painting . it is a slow moving film set like an episode of wonder years  with appalling lack of depth though . it also fails to deliver its message in a convincing manner .  br    br   the approach to the subject of painting is very elite  limited to vague and subjective terms as  beauty  . according to the makers of this movie   beauty  can be only experienced in bob  ross  style kitschy landscape paintings . good art according to this film can be achieved by applying basic  like  primary school level  color theory and lots of sentiment . in parts the movie is offending  e . g . at a point it is stated  rather  celebrated by dancing on tables  that mentally handicapped people are not capable of having emotions or expressing them through painting  their works by definition being worthless  bullshit   quote  .  br    br   i do not understand how the movie could get such high rating  then again  so far not many people rated it  and they chose for only very high or very low grades .  
there are pretty landscape shots . writers putting trite mouthings into actors mouths . with lesser actors this show would be silly .  art must uplift humanity or it  s bs .  not so because art of all those mentioned is also to stir humanity and express the dark side . the lead character even says those who don  t drink hide the shadow side . wrong  he lived in darkness and repressed his dark side by drinking and being one dimensional not expanding his horizons with something other than landscapes . there wasn  t a breathing organism in his work nor expression of his pain . all the artist did was limit himself to dime a dozen landscapes . the discussions between the characters was grade school  trite stuff always giving the one character the upper hand the writer wanted . i tried to like it after reading all the first wow comments on here . i had to dig deep to see those i agreed with . i figure the great comments were from those connected to the movie . i was moved only once towards the end . the kid was way too passive . the scenery was nice and the music ridiculous . just my opinion but nowhere show for me .  
i suppose it  s nice and trendy to see wonderful things in the absolute emptiness of a film like this . with the sometimes pointless excesses of many hollywood films  we can relax and enjoy a scene devoid of explosions  foul language  and corny one  liners . minimalism has its place  and can be very effective when employed properly . however  this film is not one of those cases .  br    br   take the long scenes with no dialogue and dreary  sparse scenery . i  m sure that they must hold some great meaning and insight  because the implied message in shrouded in bafflement . the acting is poor . . . bland and pedestrian . . . and features one of the worst crying scenes in history  at the end of the film  if you can sit through it to the end  . the scenery is drab  and the ridiculously long ending sequence of the girl walking through the barren park is as pleasurable as having a tooth pulled . i would call this anticlimatic  but as the film didn  t build to any sort of climax whatsoever . . . not even in the  erotic  scenes . . . it would be untrue . i  m sure that there was a script employed during the filming  but with the amount of dialogue  i think it might have been written on a cocktail napkin . basically  this film offers nothing to interest or amaze . . . no great story  no stunning insights  no visual drama  no excitement . apart from two or three amusing moments  this film is a waste of two hours . a tragically boring and dreary film .  
having seen versus previously i had high hopes for alive . the description of the movie on the back of the dvd jacket sounded promising . alive did not deliver . very slow development . loads of potential with the cast and the cool visuals . the premise was intriguing but the payoff did not offset the build up . could have done so much more at the end . most of the movie is just  sitting around  . to put it plainly  three of us were amped to sit down and watch this movie and by the   minute mark we were struggling to make it thru to the end . it really needed more shock elements . if you are looking for ichi the killer or versus type fights then save yourself some  and loads of disappointment .  
i enjoy a good  slow  moving drama . christmas in august  chungking express  virgin stripped bare by her bachelors  the way home  springtime in a small town  hana bi  eat drink man woman  dolls  in the mood for love  and spring summer fall winter spring are all enjoyable films  just to name a few .  br    br   unfortunately  there is a subset of films within the drama genre that attempt to ride the coattails of good films while providing nothing of interest themselves . these are what i call ian films   incomprehensible artistic nonsense .  tsai ming  liang is the king of this subgenre  and vive l  amour is his  masterpiece .  in fact  this is the crme de la crme of crap  infested garbage under the guise of  art .  people walk around in their apartments  drink water  stroll back and forth waiting for pay phones to become vacant  hang posters  staple papers together  go to the bathroom  eat  do pushups  have sex  slap at mosquitoes  etc . i  m not joking when i say that is an accurate synopsis of the entire film  which is the quintessential posterchild for pointless art  house trash . there is no plot  no storyline  no interesting or noteworthy events  no emotion  no meaningful dialogue  and most importantly  no drama .  br    br   the most eventful scene has two people  banging  on a bed with a person masturbating underneath the mattress  ironic that it  s also totally tasteless and gratuitous . the relationship of the characters on the bed is practically non  existent . tsai apparently didn  t feel like communicating anything to the viewer regarding these people other than the obvious fact that they like to  bang .  the person under the bed is just as one  dimensional and uninteresting . he likes to drink water  makeout with melons  and stroke himself . this is tsai  s idea of  character development .  a truly misguided  entertainer  indeed .  br    br   tsai  s true contribution in vive l  amour is perhaps the most atrocious scene in art  house film history . he first shows the lead actress walk all the way from one end of a park to the other for    consecutive seconds  only to then show her cry hysterically  for absolutely no reason whatsoever  for another    consecutive seconds . the film then abruptly ends . no point . no entertainment . just pure  concentrated torture inflicted on the viewer .  br    br   in an effort to beat a dead horse . the underlying theme of loneliness is mishandled so greatly that the only true feeling of this film is that of boredom . in fact  kiyoshi kurosawa provides a much better exposition on loneliness in his horror film kairo . and guess what  it  s actually interesting  that film moved as slow as molasses in january  but there are better ways of addressing the concept of loneliness than the utter waste known as vive l  amour . kairo is a perfect example of that .  br    br   fans of cinema may thank tsai ming  liang for directing this film  as he has provided irrefutable evidence that art  house cinema can be just as poorly made as b  grade  made  for  television horror flicks . art  house snobs have now officially lost their pedestal of self  righteousness . the quality level of your precious genre now overlaps films like army of darkness and  gasp   showgirls . how do you like them apples   
need i say   its a stinker   i gave it a rating of    br    br   only watch it if you suffer from insomnia .  br    br   there  s plenty of scenery chewing and hamming it up  but not much else happens in this movie . there is no suspense  no deep  shocking secrets revealed  no real threat to the heroine  s well being . a few disagreements  slight raising of voices   that  s pretty much it . the secrets are nothing that couldn  t happen to anybody  the last  secret  revealed in the film is totally predictable by that point .  br    br   the plot  such as it is  revolves around a young woman named faith  meg tilly   who is an artist  who is hired to paint a series of mural panels in a huge ballroom in a vast mansion by a very  very wealthy  older widowed woman  and a growing mother  daughter type relationship that the older woman craves with her .  br    br   it turns out the older woman  s daughter  cassandra  is dead . you can pretty well fit the rest of the pieces together .  br    br   even the scene with the mysterious man menacing our heroine does not advance to the point where you really fear for her safety beyond maybe a second or two . why he  s still hanging around years after cassandra  s death is a good question .  br    br   there  s also the question of the fact that in this vast mansion there is only one servant  a faithful butler who seems to do everything   cooking  cleaning  serving the meal  answering the door  etc . everything except apparently locking the door   since that would be the only explanation for how one of the characters just walks into a room where faith is .  br    br   there  s nothing that will have you grasping your chair arms  and leaning forward on the edge of your seat  because there is no  mounting  tension in this film   just bland  pathetic revelations that get tossed out from time to time .  br    br    
three writers made a valiant attempt to adapt jane stanton hitchcock  s novel for the tube  yet this television movie has ultimately been injected with too much melodrama and just doesn  t know when to quit . struggling artist meg tilly suddenly finds herself employed by wealthy  enigmatic ellen burstyn  who desires a mural painted on the walls of her unused ballroom . after learning about the last gathering held there   ellen  s daughter  s coming  out party   tilly decides on her artistic theme  never dreaming the daughter died mysteriously before the function even began  nor that she and the deceased bore a striking resemblance to one another  two superb actresses lend their services to an incredible yarn which doesn  t bear close scrutiny  one that fails to match either lady in emotional intensity . burstyn  s role teeters on camp  while tilly gets stuck doing the dreamy  eyed  waif routine . only one sequence late in the film  the morning after the mural is finished  is charged with honest feeling  anger and betrayal . the rest is piffle .  
  st watched            out of    dir  ewald andre dupont   fairly lame account of the titanic disaster is the first filmed version of this much  heralded event . the replication of the disaster is not bad  but the drama around it is at some times silly  badly acted and way  too soap opera  like . the story is very much the same as the most recent oscar  winning one except that we are shown how the crew tried to hide the actual disaster that was occurring until almost too late . good for nostalgia purposes only and to get a feel for what james cameron was competing against  barely  in his recreation .  
i am a motion picture production major at wright state university in ohio  and yesterday i was sadly given the opportunity to watch this god  awful film in class . we were informed by our professor that it would be very funny to us  but the reason we were watching it was because it was one of the first sound films  a complete disaster .  br    br   the problem with early sound films was that hollywood actors only knew how to do silent movies and they weren  t good at memorizing lines . so producers and directors would look to the stage to get actors . sounds like a great idea  right  well  the kind of acting one does on stage doesn  t show up too well on film . most of the actors in  atlantic  look and sound like they  re acting in a play  which results in lots of hearty laughs at the over  acting . another limitation of early sound film was the technology of microphones . you couldn  t move the mikes like you can today  you had to keep them static or it would pick up the sound of air moving through . there was usually one mike used in any given scene in this movie . in one particular scene  there is a man sitting at a table . someone walks right up to him and delivers their line  then walks away . another actor comes up from behind him  delivers their line  then walks away . it goes on like this for a couple more people . the microphone is obviously right by the man at the table  making for a laughable actor carousel .  br    br   those are only technical problems . if you get into the story and direction  then it gets even worse . the story is a fictionalized account of what happened on the titanic . the characters are unbelievable and pointless . a  story  about a man cheating on his wife and their teenage daughter has no place in the movie . it is barely resolved and leaves you wondering why it was there in the first place . a lousy attempt at high drama  the actors take long  pregnant pauses between lines many times . it is tiresome  and you can  t wait for this   minute  feels like    at least  movie to get over with . i  m not going to talk a whole lot about the issue of racism at this time in our country  but it really offended me that there were only two blacks in the whole movie  and they were portrayed as animals . they both pushed past the women and children to try and get in one of the lifeboats . they were ordered to stop or be shot  and of course they didn  t so they were shot . i was appalled .  br    br   i give this movie a     . i would have given it a      the lowest rating possible   but i gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films  and i tried to put it into context . if you want to see a good early sound film  check out alfred hitchcock  s  blackmail  that also came out in the year     . you will find that the best directors were able to adapt to new technology immediately .  
yes i know  talkies  had just been invented for the cinema  years earlier when this was produced in     but this film showed that much had to learnt about the art of producing films . it comes over as a filmed  hammy  stage play with the actors melodramatically enunciating their lines  rolling their eyes  using too many pregnant pauses and using gestures more appropriate to silent cinema  which i suppose was normal during the process of educating them to appear more naturalistic on screen . the gaps between lines spoken should have been tightened up during editing as it considerably slows the film . it is now only of interest for titanic buffs who want to see an early example of this marine accident on film . in next chronological order they could see  titanic        a night to remember        titanic        to see how the cinema  s depiction of this tragedy as evolved over the years . there have been many documentaries and tv films made including the atrocious  sos titanic        on my version which is a dvd  david mccallum gives the introduction . it was he who played harold bride marconi  s junior wireless operator in  a night to remember   still the best feature film  please read my  tribute to walter  comments on imdb under howard morley . demon . co . uk  and gave the commentary on the series of  videos entitled  end of a dream  so he was well qualified to give the narration . of more interest i found was a recording accompanied by actual photos of the     us senate hearing which is also on the dvd . actors speak the actual words spoken by lightoller  nd officer  j bruce ismay  managing director of white star  harold bride and others including gloria stewart  the  old rose  in titanic      whose voice is used for one of the first class women survivors .  
no movie with madeleine carroll in its cast could possibly be unwatchable . that said  i have to add that this british film comes close . the story takes place on board the ss atlantic  and it  s loosely based on the titanic  s  unfinished voyage . the word unsinkable  is spoken  the liner strikes an iceberg  and we hear a heavenly choir sing nearer my god to thee .  the doomed passengers eventually take over the anthem  in a clever bit of sound work . but the year of the film  s release       means that a modern viewer has to accept otherwise primitive sound and many of the acting conventions of silent films and the stage . these aren  t problems . the film  s major flaw is pacing  and pacing had been well developed in silents . however  if the dialog were delivered at a realistic speed  the movie  s running time would be cut in half . the intended effect was drama  and clarity in a new medium   but the result unhappily is tiresome now . the film  s structure is preposterously illogical and inept . paradoxically  i found certain details of the editing quite modern in technique fine  abrupt cuts from one area of the ship to another  sometimes even on sound effects . although we  re on board the atlantic  from the first shot  we were well over  minutes into the movie before i discovered that fact . there are long  intrusive musical passages by the ship  s dance orchestra .  entertaining  easy sound .  personal stories are presented in an utterly uninvolving and unconvincing way . don  t even think of spectacle . the berg is a tiny thing and the exterior damage it does to the ship  s hull is a minor dent . however  the scenes of passengers swarming into the lifeboats  clearly staged on a real liner  presumably tied up to a dock  generate great excitement . other than the glorious miss carroll  these sequences are the film  s only points of excellence . as the movie and the ship near their end  the screen goes totally black several times when the power generators begin to fail . their last  eternal blackout is the end of the film  with a sunset  sunrise tacked on  a clumsy symbolic effect . atlantic  is a cinema curiosity . at best .  br    br    
this was talked about to death by the critics when it honestly isn  t that great . sure   chaos  and  inside man  are literally the same movie  just with variations in suspense . but i found  chaos  more enjoyable because it was fast paced kinda like the silly film  swordfish .  the reason this film is more popular is because this got released in the states and  chaos  was aired all around the world at film festivals and foreign theaters  but has yet to find a distributor in the u . k . and u . s . a .  br    br   it  s true that this film makes lots of tributes to classic films like dog day afternoon and other spike lee films  but that doesn  t mean that it is a pleasant film to watch .  br    br   watch it if nothing else is on t . v .  but you  ll probably get bored with after awhile .  
for me an unsatisfactory  unconvincing heist movie . with an a  list cast  particularly the three leads and an experienced maverick director like spike lee i was expecting far more and in the end felt that what was delivered added little to this movie sub  genre . for a start i didn  t like the pacing of the film  starting off with mastermind clive owen  s raison d  etre piece to camera  unnecessarily repeated at the conclusion  then finding the narrative peppered with confusing  not to say unreal  seeming witness interviews  then finding yourself jumped into scenes you sense had begun earlier . of course the camera work is fluid throughout  constantly on the move and incorporating hand  camera shots a  plenty  but director lee fails to deliver thrills or suspense  falling down fundamentally by not making anything of the key protagonists in the film . denzel washington is weighed down with the clothes and bad  ass jive talk of a  shaft  movie thirty  five years earlier  he even has that  no  one understands him but his woman  thing going on  replete with his  hot  girlfriend  baiting her with some downright crude and inappropriate  dirty  talk   and his mild  in the heat of the night  riff with willem defoe  in almost a bit  part  raises barely a ripple . clive owens plays his character with a resolutely english accent even as we  re given to believe the gang is arab  based  also hindered by having to play    of the film with a mask over his face . jodie foster delivers another of her patented tight  lipped  ice maiden  sub  clarice starling turns as a well connected financial bounty  hunter  if you will  to little effect . overall it  s a real mish  mash of a film  with a light but obvious twist at the end  in fact the title gives it away from the start  spoiler fans . worst scene  of many  is undoubtedly washington  s witness  interview  unbelievably  with an  year old street  kid  although owen  s dialogue with the same child minutes earlier runs it close in the embarrassment stakes . during the film in  joke references are made by characters to classic heist films like  serpico  and  dog day afternoon   but there  s no honour in self  praise . more like  the hot rock  instead . . . and even that was good for a few laughs .  
first  this film is not a  thriller .  neither is it  gripping  taut .  it might have been so based on the script  but the direction  s slow pace makes it difficult to get into .  br    br   the plot itself is very interesting and ingenious . unfortunately  we only get a sense of how ingenious after the picture is over . that leaves us with over two hours of long sequences with music playing over them punctuated by some action scenes that don  t grab the viewer  and  cunning vixen  scenes that inject a little more overt intelligence .  br    br   i wish this had been the fast  paced thriller the box promised . it would  ve been an outstanding film . instead  spike lee made it plod along through the end .  
i really tried to like this movie but in the end it just didn  t work for me . i have seen most of kitamura  s output and have found it to be very variable . alive  like all of his films has an interesting plot  some nifty sequences and a fair amount of creativity . however  these qualities are in painfully short supply in alive . the plot is cool if not all that original and could have made for a pretty ace film . unfortunately  the pacing is painfully slow and the film takes an age to get going  before reaching fairly predictable places . the action is just about passable  with the final fight pretty cool  and the earlier one about ok . the earlier one is also marred by overspeedy camera  work  making for less coherency . there are some neat visual effects and some interesting ideas floating around in the dialogue but the film still drags badly . the characters are neither well fleshed out nor well acted and the setting and general color scheme is drab and boring . the film is not completely terrible and has some points of interest  perhaps judicious use of the fast forward button could improve it . with about twenty minutes taken off the run time this could be a pretty decent sci fi thriller . but the full length film is dull . only recommended to very patient and determined kitumura fans .  
this movie had so much potential  a strong cast  a reasonably strong idea and clearly a decent budget . i  m not sure where it all went wrong  but each of those elements was wasted . the story went nowhere  the characters were hollow to say the least and the result was a very boring  pointless  waste of a film . i hated it . judging by the other votes  i  m in the minority here and must be some sort of freak . however  i thought this movie was dreadful . i had high hopes  but was very disappointed . a particular disappointment was jody foster  s character . a very cocky  fixer  of sorts makes a nice idea . jody was confident and sexy  but the character did nothing and went nowhere . denzel washington played the same character he always plays  enjoyable but nothing new .  
the trailers for this film were better than the movie . what waste of talent and money . wish i would  ve waited for this movie to come on dvd because at least i wouldn  t be out   . the movie totally misses the mark . what could have been a great movie for all actors  turned out to be a b  movie at best . movie moved very slow and just when i thought it was going somewhere  it almost did but then it didn  t . in this day and age  we need unpredictable plot twists and closures in film  and this film offered neither . the whole thing about how everyone is a suspect is good  however  not sure if it was the way it was directed  the lighting  the delivery of lines  the writing or what  but nothing came from it . lot of hype for nothing . i was very disappointed in this film  and i  m telling everyone not to see it . the cheesy saxophone music throughout made the film worse as well . and the ending had nothing to do with the rest of the film . what a disappointment .  
now isn  t it  considering all the good work done by danzel  clive and jodie  the movie never grew into something more than a horrible die  hard  heist movies copycat . yes a couple of jokes  no absolutely no unpredictable twists  to be honest the only unpredictable moments are there because both director and editor made some stupid mistakes  it is a shame for them and a waste of time for us . if someone can tell me why on earth were they digging a hole inside that safe  who the hell is the rebe and how on earth did they know that the diamonds were in the particular cell  it could just make my day  but it seems that spike asks us to take too much things in this one for granted  and do not raise our eyebrows when something looks stupid . . . its just another studio contract movie relax and enjoy . . .  
three story lines and not enough tying them together   inside man  was very jumpy and an incomplete attempt to be artistic and realistic . though having its moments  the movie started off looking like a fast thriller which quickly grounded to a slow crawl  jumped quickly between highs and lows  and only barely picked up steam again near the last   minutes . i will give credit to denzel washington  he played his part extremely well with a full grasp of his human side and not just the typical  super  detective  with all the answers . clive owen also did quite well with his duality part as  evil genius  and  criminal mastermind   both not the same in retrospect  . overall though  each person individually created a great sub  section . yet  when the parts finally came together and everything counted  there was no sudden  ah  ha   or summation of everything . it all ended up with very little of the energy it began with  with a lot of plot  holes  tons of questions  and as i said earlier  no where near spike lee  s normal level . i have to completely disagree with the so  called  professional critics  . . . this is not the movie they play it up to be .  
this movie makes no sense at all  there are plot holes big enough to drive enormous nypd vehicles through . the characters do not act in any plausible way whatsoever . i will put my comments in the chat board  but save your time and money  this is stupid . i can  t stand when hollywood spends millions of dollars on flash bang equipment and uses fancy editing and cool music  and does not bother to have a plot that hangs together at even the most basic level . but it is nice to see denzel w . prevail over the man  who comes in  flavors  jodi foster  mayor bloomberg and capt . von trapp . there is even a sweet little kid with a video game who is nice .  
this is a dumb movie . maybe my judgment wouldn  t be so harsh if the film didn  t promise so much  but i just felt like this movie cheated and played me for a fool at every turn .  br    br   i didn  t have any beef with the acting  but i thought the characters were awful . the movie starts off with clive owen  s character telling us what a criminal mastermind he is  and how he planned the perfect bank robbery  something he frequently reminds us of later . oh yeah  he also tells us he  s in a prison cell  although that turns out to be a dumb metaphor . any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one where a minimum number of things could potentially go wrong  and you  re long gone before the police show up . but clive owen  s scheme requires hanging around the bank for hours  for no reason but to stalk around and look scary as far as i can tell . he also has to control hostages  negotiate with cops  and most fantastically of all  perform a this  old  house job on the bank  s stockroom and hide out there for a week  i hope he brought enough food  and a bucket to pee in  and then sneak out again . yeah  that sure sounds like the perfect crime to me  clive  this plan has so many moving parts that the only reason it didn  t fall apart was the screenwriter said so .  br    br   and then there are the many unexplained details why were the cops so convinced that the crooks had accomplices among the hostages  who the hell is jodie foster  s character  and why is she so important that she has the mayor at her beck and call and she doesn  t have to tell denzel washington her agenda because  it  s above his pay scale   how dumb are these cops that they can  t figure out one guy speaking in a foreign language for hours is not the sound of a criminal gang planning a robbery  how did the robbers slip away  and why did clive owen stick around for a week  how did they find out about the bank chairman  s past  and the number and contents of his safe deposit box  why the hell would clive owen let in jodie foster or the cops  since when do they make toy ak    s that look real up close  how the hell do you bug a pizza box  anyway  how did clive owen manage to sneak out of a secure area of the bank during working hours  undetected  did this dispassionate criminal really feel bonded enough to this cop denzel to slip him a diamond   br    br   none of these questions are ever answered . there are films that achieve depth by leaving you to wonder about events that happen off  screen  but i never felt that way about inside man . it felt like the scenes that explained these things were cut from the movie  or these questions never had any answers in the first place  and that  s weak . particularly annoying is jodie foster  s character  who won  t disclose what she does  but never seems to tire of reminding us how important she is . we  re just supposed to take her word for it  i guess .  br    br   the only reason i gave this movie two stars is i laughed at denzel  s  taxi cab  and  pina colada  gags  and at the kid  s outrageous video game . other than that  this movie has no redeeming features .  
movie there are some very interesting comments on imdb about this movie . its truly awful . not enough money is spent on the movie and the way spike lee has made it  it seems like a combination of an indie film and an action flick . characters  actors denzel has done  exactly  what he does in every movie  so no surprise there . here is a little mind game for the readers . quickly think of   denzel movies . now count how many of them were in which he played a cop  detective  body guard  whatever . clive owen  hmmmmmm  this guy needs a better role on his plate soon . his best performance was i think in  beyond borders  . other than that he did pretty much the same thing as he does in every movie as well . his tone and way of talking was very similar to what he did in  sin city  . surely this guy knows acting  what he doesn  t know is better way of choosing roles . he is in desperate need of a better agent . jodie foster was brilliant in the movie  if you are watching her for the first time in your life . she has done better . she has had better roles . it so happens in hollywood that even the biggest stars fall down on their knees and pick up low class roles as jody foster did in this movie . plot plot was not confusing  in fact  i could think of such a plot  in fact the whole movie  while taking a dump after a nice big chinese dinner . i mean come on  spoiler on the way      i am sick of the un  necessary haulocast and the racism token . the movie is about bank robbers  why put the haulocast and the racism in there  nice try playing with people  s emotions  worked on anyone  not me . police let the bank robbers go thinking they were hostages  riiiiiiight  please  we  re talking about us police force and security here . nobody could find out where clive was  i mean they didn  t find anything different with that room . who  re we kidding  conclusion sure  go watch this movie  if nothing  you  ll have a nice time talking to you friends how bad the movie was . at least people won  t think you  re stupid to go watch this movie because they  d think you went to watch it because it has a big star cast  mistake  .  
a yawn  inducing  snail  paced disappointment  inside man tells the story of a detective  denzel washington  who is under investigation due to his possible involvement in a case of missing money . when a bank is robbed and hostages are held against their will by a mastermind thief  clive owen  and his team  the detective is assigned to coerce the thief to surrender  his one shot at proving he is innocent and worthy of his position . enter a powerful woman  jodie foster  with secrets and intents of her own  sent to recover an item from the bank owner  s safety deposit box that is stored within the bank  and you have quite the three  way dilemma . unfortunately  all you get it set  up in the film  and nothing pays off in the end . denzel washington is at his most uninteresting in an ineffective and distastefully egocentric performance . the only saving grace for the film is its competent co  stars jodie foster and clive owen  who are much better than the film itself . in fact  jodie foster delivers the most surprising and high  caliber performance playing against type as a ruthless  cutthroat villain of sorts . clive owen isn  t given much to do besides brood and pose  but the depth of his presence and his achieved acting ability more than make up for his underdeveloped role . it  s strange that so much talent is wasted on this film of little impact or interest . you have to wonder what director spike lee was thinking while he was creating this film . the most perplexing aspect of inside man  however  is how much unwarranted praise it has received . for a film that seemed to have all the makings of a pre  summer blockbuster  this one falls horribly flat .  
my wife and i found this film to be highly unsatisfying . while the plot keeps you interested and busy wondering just what is going on  when you leave the theater  there are just too many loose ends that make no sense at all .  spoilers ahead  christopher plummer  enormously wealthy head of a ny bank has a terrible hidden secret . profiting from ww ii deals with the nazis and hiding loot stolen from jews  he keeps the evidence  including diamonds and documents with the nazi swastika  in a safety deposit box in his bank . why  if he wants this never to be revealed  why did he not burn and destroy the documents years ago  and the diamonds  obviously  he does not need them  why keep them rather than dispose of them  how did the bank robbers find out his secret  how did they know to zero in on this very safety deposit box      ace detective denzel washington also discovers bank records show sd boxes no  s    and     but no     . curious . he meticulously found time somehow to do an exhausting search of bank records to unearth this one curious fact . all the while dealing with a red hot hostage situation and bank robbers threatening to start executing them momentarily . wow  talk about super powers for a detective .  br    br   the bank robbers leave behind millions of dollars in loose currency in the vault they have opened . they take only the contents of sd box      ostensibly for the purpose of blackmailing the bank president . this defies any rational attempt at a logical explanation for what the film depicts as a criminal mastermind  or for his henchmen with lesser brains .  br    br   jodie foster  using her political connections with the mayor of nyc  gains permission to enter the bank which is under the control of the bank robbers while holding many hostages . she offers the chief bank robber a deal to buy back the documents he now has in hand  but he ain  t interested . so what  s his point  if any   .  br    br   my wife was offended by the arrogance of all the players  christopher plummer  bank president   denzel washington  ace detective   and jodie foster  crack trouble shooter for high  powered problems .  br    br   the last jodie foster movie i saw   flight plan   was also riddled with holes that made no sense at all . i thought i liked jodie foster  but i will probably avoid her future films .  br    br   now my problem is that i can rarely persuade my wife to go to the movies . i cannot disagree with her on this one . . .  a waste of money  and a waste of time .  be forewarned . a well crafted film  fine actors  lousy script writing .  
i have never seen any of spike lee  s prior films  as their trailers never caught my interest . i have seen  and admire denzel washington  and jodie foster  s work  and have several of their dvds . i was  however  entirely disappointed with this movie . if this film is any indication of spike lee  s ability as a director  my advice would be to  get a job   and stop wasting the time and talent of others .  br    br   i wonder if some of the other imdb commentators watched the same movie that i  d seen . i can only assume  from their sappy lovelorn reviews  that their adoration of spike lee has blinded them to the banality of this piece of work . i only paid   .    in a  second run  theater  and still felt i  d wasted my money .  br    br   the imdb  trivia  page says it all . . . . . . .  br    br     shot in   days    how can you expect to shoot a big budget  blockbuster    as the media hype promised   in such a short time  no wonder there was such a weak performance by all .  br    br     ron howard was first going to direct the film . . .    he may have done this project some justice  given more time to do so  of course . though the writing was atrocious  the premise had some merits .  br    br   ok  maybe not . i  m sorry  this film was so rife with pitiful clich  s  implausible scenes  and lousy characterizations  that maybe even he couldn  t have made much of it .  hey ron  be sure to thank russell . . . good call    br    br     jodie foster filmed her part in three weeks .    and it showed  her portrayal of a  fixer   who makes people  s problems go away  was as unbelievable as the script she was given . did she even want to be there   br    br   other peeves  br    br    how many bank robbers would bother to come to the door  and inform a uniformed police officer that they were inside robbing the bank  and he  d better keep away . . . or else   br    br    when  detective frazier    denzel washington   comes into the bank to verify there are no corpses yet  how many bank robbers  without a gun  would have  led  a cop   much less  let  a cop  back out to the front door  allowing the police officer to walk behind him   br    br    det . frazier later claimed  to have given the robber  every reason to shoot me .  why  then  in their brief struggle  didn  t he even try to expose the robber  s face  that may have gotten the response he was looking for . . . a robber would have shot him just to prevent later identification . and why did it take  steve  stevie  steve  o    the robber  s accomplice   so long to come and help out   br    br    i understand that these weren  t your typical bank robbers . they had a different agenda  and didn  t want anyone harmed . but the cops had no reason to think that they wouldn  t . to them it was a desperate situation . why then  when two of the bad guys stepped outside to  pick up the pizzas    were they not taken down .  first of all  how many robbers would have came outside without using a hostage as a shield  is this spike lee  s version of ny city  or snl  s   . taking them down would have reduced the bad guy  s numbers  screwed up their plans  and the remaining robbers would more probably have given up . if not  there at least would be fewer bad guys inside .  give swat something to do  or send them home    br    br    what police department in this country  would have allowed madeline white   jodie foster   to just waltz right into the bank  and discuss a matter with the robbers  that she would not disclose to them first  she had no authority  no governmental credentials and besides  this was after all   already  a hostage situation . . . add one more   br    br    why wouldn  t the bank ceo   christopher plummer   just have destroyed the incriminating documents a long time ago  screw sentimentality  the diamonds  he could have sold .  br    br    who was that  schmuck    the character  not the actor   with the jersey accent  that  conveniently  volunteered  and said he knew the recording was      albanian   but yet he himself couldn  t speak it . . . . . sir  put your hand down  and his ex  wife  what a  schlump  she was    both were totally unbelievable .  br    br    when interrogating suspects  why did det . frazier  continually harass the individuals who were obviously not a part of the heist    i . e .  telling the elderly woman she could go  and then she couldn  t  then could then couldn  t   give me a break   br    br    who  after seeing the bank robbers demand that the hostages put on jump suites  couldn  t deduce their escape plan included coming out of the bank pretending to be some of the hostages   br    br    near the end of the movie  a false wall was shown to have been built in the supply room  behind which clive owens hid out for  a week  . . . . where did the materials come from   the drywall  studs  . it was also to be assumed that they cut into the sewer  so he could relieve himself . the bank employees hadn  t complained about the smell  all week long  hello   br    br    after such a debacle since the documents  had  fallen into the robber  s hands  what kind of  references  was ms . white expecting to get from the bank ceo  seeing that he was now to be a target for blackmail  due to her failure   br    br    and last  but certainly not least  what  s with the  electric glide  that denzel did  how stupid  was that supposed to indicate his  resolve  to bring these guys to justice  he looked  rather  like a man who hopped a ride on a shopping cart  while trying to prevent a bowel movement   cheeee  zheeee       br    br   other than the mediocre plot lousy script bad acting and overall pitiful directing . . . . . . yada  yada  yada .  br    br   hopefully this will give enough insight into the movie to help others decide whether to waste their money or not   br    br   .  
i  ve seen most of ryuhei kitamura  s work and i  ve come to the conclusion that he has a knack for action . scenes are kinetic and fast often combining elements of martial arts  gun fights and samurai fights with camera work that effectively captures the on screen carnage . with  versus  and  aragami  kitamura demonstrated that creativity and showed that he his more than capable of working with a low budget . so what happened in  alive   to be more blunt  the answer would be  nothing . nothing happened in  alive  it was a two hours plus movie with little to no action and little to no characters and plot .  br    br   adapted from a comic book by tsutomu takahashi  alive  is an examination of the life of one tenshu yashiro  played by hideo sasaki  a death row convict who survives his execution . he is then given a choice of either to repeat the execution or to subject himself in a bizarre series of experiments . he chooses the latter and soon after that is placed in a room along with a rapist and later with a girl infected with a strange parasite that in exchange for it  s host  s humanity grants supernatural powers . naturaly at some point that parasite moves into yashiro  the bad thing is that doesn  t happen very soon .  br    br   similar to  aragami    alive  sets it  s first half in establishing the basic exposition . characters are introduced  their motivations are set and their relations between each other are uncovered . the whole thing even takes place in just one set . the first major problem of that comparison is that while  aragami  was just a   minute movie   alive  drags on for more than two hours thus making the first part over one hour long . that length could have been justified had the characters been made a bit more interesting but alas that is not the case . dialogue is dry  monotonous  delivered without any sense of emotion or depth  characters themselves aren  t much interesting . there were some small attempts at making  alive  a bit more moral ambiguous but in the end it all came down to the classic  evil government people against  super  powered protagonist  whom yes you guessed it  saves the girl in the end . like i previously said the entire film practically takes place at just one set  and after two hours that does get boring  even worse the set design itself wasn  t even interesting to begin with  and doesn  t do much to improve on other aspects of the film .  br    br   now  after that first part is over  one might think that kitamura would at least make some entertaining action scenes to make up for the boring beginning . sadly that is not the case . the two only fights are actually rehashes of similar fights from hollywood movies  complete with bullet time effects and psychic powers . they  re just not interesting or fun  kitamura  s creativity from  versus  is gone  the small set even limits his often very impressive camera  work and it all boils down into generic and expectable fights  a shame really .  br    br   evidently  aragami  was better on all accounts and  kitamura  had learned something from  alive  . so it wasn  t at least a total loss watching this movie . if only to understand the errors made  how to fix them and create a better more entertaining movie .  
it  s a waist to indulge such great actors in such a weak and boring movie . besides all the unanswered questions posted in the other comments  what  s so difficult about capturing the robbers  just eliminate the bank workers  see who was at the bank  from all the cameras  footage angles  prior to the robbers entry and you have those extra  remaining robbers among the hostages . where is the suspense every body is talking about  it was so obvious the moment the hostages were asked to change into this identical uniform that they were all going to walk out the front door . . . seen it many times . at least mr . spike lee could have seasoned the movie with some good music score and artistic shooting . the movie is not worth it . pronto   
it seems to me that stephen king  s  bachman  pen  name was a way for him to put out some of the grimmer  rawer  more mean  spirited stuff that he wanted to write without  contaminating  his  brand name  . if you look back at the  bachman books   running man  the long walk  roadwork  thinner  you notice they have a sealed  in feeling of airlessness and hopelessness about them that is distinct from mainstream king . i realize that we are talking about the guy whose first novel featured a humiliated  blood  covered  emotionally crippled teenage girl slaughtering everyone at her high school prom . . . but mainstream king always at have characters and plot elements that leaven the grimness of the proceedings a bit  and mostly have endings that offer at least a glimpse of hope and human feeling . bachman books are just plain mean and always end badly .  btw   pet semetary  could have easily been a bachman book if king hadn  t revealed the alias by then . and  the dark half  seems to be at least partially about his  bachman  persona .   br    br    thinner  was the last bachman book  and man  with its themes of class warfare  revenge  and death by starvation  it is nasty . so it should be no surprise that the movie follows suit .  br    br   what is a surprise is that the adaptation seems to be filmed at a  tv movie of the week  level of talent instead of something worthy of a theatrical release .  these days  something like this would probably go directly to dvd or cable  . the makeup work and the striking motif  starving to death in the midst of plenty  a metaphor for the overfed  undernourished american middle class if there ever was one  is all that keeps you watching this misfire .  br    br   what went wrong  my first thought is that the director was going for the nasty bachman vibe  but he also somehow sucked all the interest out of the movie with poor casting choices  the actors here  with the exception of joe monetegna  simply can  t carry the movie . and then he squished the warmth and life out of the rest of the movie with awkward pacing and scene structure . plus he couldn  t leave the plot alone  and his changes don  t really help . the script and dialog ought to work  but mostly the movie just lies there . everything is muffled  dull  airless  and no fun to watch . . . with the vivid exception of the spectacle of the main character getting . . . . thinner  and thinner  and thinner .  br    br   as other have pointed out   thinner  is by no means the worst king movie ever made  or even the second worst  . and it does have a dreadful  compelling fascination owing to the theme and the careful makeup work . but first time viewers should approach this one with lowered expectations .  
this movie was absolutely terrible . i can  t believe i paid to see it in the theatre . i wouldn  t watch it on free cable t . v . i  m surprised that joe magtena even made it . do not waste your time with this movie .  
a fun concept  but poorly executed . except for the fairly good makeup effects  there  s really not much to it . there are obvious problems for example  after taking what seems to be weeks and weeks to get from fat to normal size  the main character seems to go from normal size to deathly thin in days . . . and once he  s deathly thin he stays pretty much equally deathly thin for what seems to be a long time .  br    br   in any case  the movie has far worse problems than that   the cinematography is decidedly low  budget  tv  show quality and most of all the acting is pretty awful all around . robert john burke seems to always be trying for some kind of weird snarling charlton heston impersonation and is literally painful to watch . . . the only scary thing is that lucinda jenney and kari wuhrer are both even worse .  br    br   the only reason why i  m giving this movie as high as i am is that once the movie enters its last    or so and joe mantegna  s character takes over  the movie develops a fun  campy  cheesefest slaughterhouse  feel  and the gangster  s crazy schemes for tormenting the totally obnoxious gypsies are somewhat fun to watch . the ending  if predictable  is also nicely mean . avoid unless you  re a king  o  phile or are really psyched up at the idea of the voice of fat tony from the simpsons terrorizing a gypsy camp .  
so  thinner  . . . yep . . this steven bachman  read steven king  yarn about a man who gets his just desserts from a gypsy elder who he just killed  the story itself is there  no doubt about it  but i don  t know why i didn  t enjoy it more than i could have . i guess what really distracted me was the actors . i mean  who  s the lead  robert john burke  who  s he  and fer crying out loud  can someone please stop hiring joseph mantegna for every italian mafioso role there ever is  and while we  re at it  does every mafioso have to have a pasta cooking italian mother  the only good acting job done here is under   pounds of makeup  michael constantine as the gypsy elder . he  s pretty good . but the rest  i make you all   better actors . . .   
to call a movie like  thinner  bad is like calling the earth round or pauly shore un  talented . no news  but how they got that way is what people want to know .  br    br   as far as this movie . . . . the book was good  even if it was a little derivative of other stories from the  be careful what you wish for  genre . burke plays an overweight lawyer who kills the daughter of a gypsy and is cursed by her father  constantine from tv  s  room      to several pounds a day .  br    br   like i said  it starts out good  but why involve the mobster  mantegna   why fire automatic weapons so much  why turn it into something so heavily dependent on fx  i thought it would have been much more effective if it focused more on the subtle ramifications of weight loss crazes  diseases  death  gypsy lore and such .  br    br   but no  it  s not to be . remember  this is stephen king we  re talking about .  br    br   and the ending . . . almost the same as the book  but a little too talky . in fact the whole movie talks too much  feeling it has to explain every plot turn to us . not that i expected  the dead zone   but i could have done without another  pet sematary   thanks anyway .  br    br   one star for at least trying to do a halfway decent makeup job . however  the rest of the movie is left to be . . . say it with me . . .  thinner  .  
i began watching this movie with low expectations  as a matter of fact i only noticed it because it was an adaptation of a s . k . novel  a novel i never read  .  br    br   i  m glad my expectations were low because the movie wasn  t nothing close to good  but it manages to keep you interested . what really drags this story down is the work done by the director and the actors . the movie is overlong  hasn  t no  nice  shots and no scares  the dialogs are dumb and the special effects are crap .  br    br   the only things good are that  as i said  it keeps you interested  i guess the book must be good  without using much horror cliches .  br    br   my vote     .  
i am not one of those who think king is a great writer  his books are fine distractions for a few hours  and often have interesting premises  however they  in my opinion  fall apart pretty rapidly if you give them any serious thought .  br    br   this film suffers from being a pretty exact re  telling of king  s story . if you have read the book  there are zero surprises  no changes  no altering of scenes or characters . this is a film made by king fans for king fans .  br    br   for the rest of us  there is nothing terrible about the film  it is a  gypsy curse  horror  with its twist being the curse being something many people wish for  to become thinner . the final third has some severe structural problems  and the slightly forced ending seems to break the rules of this genre a little .  br    br   there are worse ways to spend   minutes of your life  but you might as well read the book  because there is nothing new here . . .  br    br    
this move reminded my of tales from the crypt keeper . it has the same sort of idea of people get what they deserve . i think that  s always the them in a crypt story . the same goes for the bad acting . very bad acting . i enjoyed the movie knowing that most people didn  t like it and i wasn  t expecting much . whenever i watch a stephen king movie i don  t expect much because all his movies are awful compared to the genius of his novels . i have read the shining and carrie and they were great books . i love how carrie played out like it was a true story and the whole book is a bunch of reports and theories and such . it was so good . but i noticed that both of the novels were nothing like the movies . the endings were very different then the movie versions . i assume from those two novels that all of his novels are changed greatly and the endings are always cheesy . i ending of thinner is the worst . so cheesy . i want to read the book to find out the real ending . i suggest everyone who intends to read stephen king  s novels to watch his movies before hand so that you may compare . and that way you will be greatly satisfied in the book . i intend on doing so with all his novels that were made into movies . i  m sure if they were made into movies they were real good books . . . and the screenplay went terribly wrong .  
the plot of the thinner is decidedly thin . and gross . an obese lawyer drives over the gypsy woman  and the gypsy curse causes him to lose and lose weight . . . to the bone . ok  gypsy curses should be entertaining  but the weight  losing gone bad  nope . except stephen king thinks so . and michael mcdowell  other horror author and the screenwriter of this abysmal film  does so  too . the lawyer is not only criminally irresponsible  he is fat too  haha  the thinner is like an immature piece of crap for a person who moans how he  she has never seen anything so disgusting than fatness . hey  i can only say well  look at the mirror .  
as interesting as a sheet of cardboard  this dispensable period piece has little going for it . it  s overly wordy and fails spectacularly to evoke the tension and fear that the real  life characters must have felt as they dodged the french revolution  s fickle hand of justice . eric rohmer at    it shows .  
i can  t believe that those praising this movie herein aren  t thinking of some other film . i was prepared for the possibility that this would be awful  but the script  or lack thereof  makes for a film that  s also pointless . on the plus side  the general level of craft on the part of the actors and technical crew is quite competent  but when you  ve got a sow  s ear to work with you can  t make a silk purse . ben g fans should stick with just about any other movie he  s been in . dorothy s fans should stick to galaxina . peter b fans should stick to last picture show and target . fans of cheap laughs at the expense of those who seem to be asking for it should stick to peter b  s amazingly awful book  killing of the unicorn .  
i was really looking forward to seeing this film  but after watching it i was really disappointed . the best bit was when stephen king was in it . rober john berk cannot act to save his life and neither can any of the others . a few of the performances even made me laugh out loud  the film was was not as i imagined it  after reading the book which was awesome  i imagined it darker and a lot scarier . if i was stephen  i would be really mad   br    br   i don  t know why they changed the ending  i thought the ending of the book was very good . if you just found out the pie killed your daughter  you wouldn  t feed it to anyone else would you    br    br   book was so much better   
just another example of why stepehn king  s books should not be made into movies .  even carrie  one of the best  is ruined in the adaptation from book to screen .  the premise of the story revolves around a fat lawyer  always on a diet  who  accidentally  kills an old gypsy woman . in court  with the help of the judge and the local police chief  he gets off  even though the accident was sort of his fault as he was not paying attention as he was driving . the father of the dead gypsy woman places a curse on the   with our main character  billy  the lawyer  getting thinner and thinner by the day . though the movie kept with the book  for the most part  and has your typical king ending  the acting was stilted and felt forced . we went from one scene to the next without much of anything in between  sort of like reading acts in a play . king himself made a cameo in the movie  sort of like dave barry   which reinforces my belief that authors should stay just that authors . leave the acting to actors . not that anyone in this movie was that great . i  ve seen the major characters in movies where they were much better .  
no  i haven  t read the stephen king novel  thinner   but i choked down the film version . horror movies are an acquired taste . regular movies give an audience a hero to applaud as he strives to achieve a goal . in horror movies  audiences are invited to savor the demise of characters . in director tom holland  s low  fat but tasteless revenge chiller  thinner   nobody wins and everybody deserves the bite that is put on them . gluttonous new england attorney billy halleck  robert john burke of  robocop    has a weight problem . although he rocks the bathroom scales at    pounds  he appears happily married to a trim  delectable wife  heidi  lucinda jenney of  g . i . jane   with a yeasty teenage daughter .  br    br   fat doesn  t mean stupid here . halleck displays his sagacity in court when he wins an acquittal verdict for sleazy mafia chieftain richie ginelli  joe mantegna of  house of games   . driving home from a victory feast  billy hits an old gypsy woman crossing the street and kills her . a cover  up occurs  and halleck  s friends get him out of the soup . the disgruntled gypsy father taduz lemke  michael constantine of  skidoo   retaliates with a curse on the corpulent lawyer and the two town officials that exonerated him . suddenly  halleck finds himself shedding pounds no matter how much chow he chomps . when he begs the vengeful gypsy to lift the curse  the old man refuses . desperately  halleck resorts to richie . while halleck struggles with the gypsies to remove the hex  he learns that his loyal wife has turned his attentions to the town  s hotshot doctor .  br    br    thinner  qualifies as not only laughably inept horror flick  but the filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women . tom holland  who directed  child  s play         and scenarist michael mcdowell  have served up such a slipshod script that you cannot relish watching billy get his just dessert and shrivel up .  thinner  boasts few shocks and fewer surprises . the filmmakers may have regurgitated king  s novel  but they have filleted whatever sense of horror and humor it contained . holland and mcdowell introduce characters  such as the mafioso  then inexplicably let them off the hook . one minor character shows up long enough to die and have a chicken  s head stuffed in his mouth .  br    br   the stereotypical behavior of the characters may offend audiences  too .  thinner  depicts women as oversexed vixens and men as swine . when halleck sneaks home from a clinic  he finds his doctor  s sports car parked at his house . his suspicions ripen into jealousy and he cooks up a scheme to get the curse transferred to this wife . even the premature ending lacks any satirical flavor . oscar  winning special effects wizard greg cannom of  van helsing  and make  up artist bob laden do a fabulous job beefing up actor robert john burke to look obese . they succeed  too  in making him shrivel .  br    br   only die  hard stephen king fans will be able to stomach this misogynistic gooledyspook .  
you  ll notice that the chemist  who appears in two scenes and gets to speak  is played by stephen king .  don  t give up your day job  is the standard thing to say  but that  s not fair . king acquits himself reasonably well he  s no worse than any other member of the cast  and better than most . the story  on the other hand  is pure rubbish . please  give up your day job .  br    br   never have i seen so many dreadful performances  of which the lead actor  s  the lead actor  s   is probably the worst  gathered together in the one film . everyone acts hammily  but not in any entertaining way they all somehow manage to go over  the  top without expending  or manifesting  energy . i blame screenwriter  director tom holland . it can  t be that all the actors are really this bad . what are the odds against that  admittedly  i  ve never heard of any of them before  but still  i don  t think i could walk into a talent agency and walk out with this many bad performers if i tried one actor  despite my best efforts  would turn out to have talent . so what  s more likely  that tom holland rolled a dozen consecutive snake  eyes  or that he wrote a lousy script and then directed it poorly  that would also explain why actors are bad in direct proportion to their prominence in the script . the more direction an actor got  the worse he performed .   you want me to bend over like a hunchback  talk from the back of my throat  show all my teeth  and look bored  all at the same time  okay . . .    br    br   this theory is confirmed by the fact that holland undeniably managed to co  write a lousy script . several writers here have commented on the fact that billy halleck is not a likeable character  but that  s a misleading way of putting it . he  s not a knowable character . all we find out about him before the supernatural stuff starts happening is that he  s fat  and that all he can think about is food .   all i can think about is food   he tells us  helpfully .  and in the end . . .  br    br    sigh  i suppose i ought insert a spoiler warning here . . .  br    br   in the end he becomes evil . why  i can only shrug . perhaps he  s under some kind of enchantment . yeah  that  s probably it . by  evil  perhaps i mean  inexplicable   it  s not so much badness as a socially undesirable suspension of ordinary means  end psychology . anyway  his actions at the end make no sense  nobody  s actions make much sense  and this is despite the fact that the characters do little but explain their motivation for the benefit of the audience .  br    br   by the way  here  s my nominee for hammiest line  delivery  i don  t think you  d like it . in fact . . .  big dramatic pause  . . . i don  t think you  d like it at all .   
one of those   why was this made   movies . the romance is very hard to swallow . it is one of those romances  that  suddenly   click   they are in love . the movie is filled with long pauses and uncomfortable moments  the drive  in restaurant being the most notable . charles grodin does a credible job but for most of the movie it  s just him and louise lasser . ask yourself  do you want to watch grodin with his neurosis and lasser with her neurosis together for a hour and half   
this stuffy melodrama is quite easily the worst film starring ingrid bergman that i  ve seen . even her luminous screen presence can  t save this insufferably slow and meandering movie that  s nearly impossible to sit through without fast  forwarding a lot of it .  br    br   only for die  hard bergman fans others are very likely to fall asleep . i suggest you to watch  for whom the bell tolls  instead .  
a novel by remarque . a cast that looks great on paper . a left  wing refugee struggling to remain in paris between the wars . a gestapo officer undercover .  br    br   it  s a pity there  s no synergy here . the bits and pieces never coalesce .  br    br   stories about left  wing refugees in france don  t have to be this dull . read arthur koestler  s memoir  scum of the earth   if you can find it  . or his chilling  dialogue with death   ditto  .  br    br   to me  the only interest in this film lies in some of the incidental details .  br    br   the leads spend a lot of time drinking calvados  the norman apple brandy . i welcome any prompting to have a nip of calvados myself . it certainly made this film appear to pass more quickly . but  according to the film  it  s only sold in cheap  low  class saloons . vive le tabac parisien  that  s what i say . references to intoxicating liquors do abound here that would seem to be a preoccupation of the scenarists .  br    br   i enjoy films set in france because it can be amusing waiting for the inevitable full  size alcohol ad to pop up on a wall in the background . i wasn  t disappointed . this time it was for byrrh  a very unusual choice . this film would rate a   if only we were judging it on the refinement of its booze murals .  br    br   the film  s indifferent score is by louis gruenberg . gruenberg is best known   if you can call it that   for his opera  the emperor jones   based on the o  neill play . it premired at roughly the same time as the film version starring paul robeson . the opera survives today in a recording or two by lawrence tibbett . it should surface again soon though they  re running out of potentially marketable operas to revive .  br    br   opera seems an appropriate subject to mention here since charles boyer  s character operates under his  czech  aliases . two of them are  wozzeck  and  gunther   both prominent roles in german opera . is that just coincidence   br    br   name  dropping just seems to be part of this film . notice that they call up  himmelstoss  on the phone . himmelstoss happens to be one of the main characters in remarque  s earlier  all quiet on the western front  .  br    br   well  the in  jokes are all in place guess there wasn  t time to develop any drama .  
this     made for tv movie was shown on a women  s channel  naturally . as a man  why do i even attempt to watch this  i don  t know  but i should have my head examined . and director and writer simon gornick should be ashamed of himself to give men an injustice as he does . he takes away any strength and conviction a man could have by having several boring women do him in . number one bore is joyce hyser as the wife . i couldn  t wait for him to drop her . her revenge was silly and stupid and very confusing through most of the movie . the other femme fatale was nichole hiltz  about the coldest person you  d ever want to meet . her looks didn  t warrant our leading man to go that ape over her and her acting was so obvious  only a fool could miss . definitely a loser . tembi locke was pretty good  but slow on the uptake as to the slut seducing her own husband  again played as a guy who is a loser  by david deluise . rounding out our cast of losers is anthony denison as a boss who has little to do but scowl at our hero . stephen jenkins as our hero  or should i say victim  was not that good . at first i thought he just a bad actor  but later i believed it . he never got the part off the ground and was repetitive throughout . although  as a man  i became enraged when the two women got away with it . men  beware of this channel that puts men down and women get away even with murder . lmn is the channel . beware . note having watched this a second time by mistake  i am convinced on my initial thoughts . especially on the writer  director  simon gornick . i still believe he has disgraced the male species and should be horse whipped . only saving grace in this film is tembi locke who doesn  t have a chance to show her talents with the awful acting of jenkins  hyser  hiltz and deluise around her . plus the stupid plot that only makes it worse . down with gornick  s movie and his vacant stars in it . please lmn don  t show this trite again .  
blows my mind how this movie got made . i watched it while i worked at home writing emails and answering the phone   i only watched it because i hoped the  revenge  part would be good . needless to say  the revenge and the forced plot twists were not worth the emails during which they were watched . in fact  i  m not even sure what happened at the end any more . the acting was as bad as re  enactment scenarios on the  fbi files  show   by far  the worst re  enactments  really only  arrest and trial  can possibly be as bad at re  enactments  . i didn  t even know that the leading man was in third eye blind until i looked the movie up here on imdb  but its obvious why he hasn  t made any movies since . i hope he is a good singer .  
you  ve heard it said to live every moment as if it  s your last  whether it  s your last day or not  i beg you not to waste any part of it watching this  nichole hiltz provides some nice moments of eye candy  that alas  stays wrapped  and david deluise shows why he should stick to the small screen or dog food commercials . a shallow  unrealistic plot with dreadful dialogue means there is no  art  in the  art of revenge  .  br    br    
as a fan of eric rohmer  s studies of the contemporary war between the sexes  i was very eager to see  the lady and the duke  l  anglaise et le duc   for how he would treat men and women during a real war  the french revolution .  br    br   the film looks beautiful  with each scene designed as a period painting  like a tableaux vivant . and i expected much talking  as that  s rohmer  s style . but maybe rohmer was restrained by basing the screenplay on a real woman  s writings is why this mostly felt like a docudrama version of  the scarlet pimpernel .   br    br   as awful as the excesses of robespierre et al  how about some recognition that the french aristocrats were spoiled brats  i kept humming to myself  marat  we  re poor  and the poor stay poor  you could also pick a tune from  les miz .   br    br   i wasn  t all that sympathetic as the central figure has to go back and forth between her city home and country manor to stay ahead of the revolution . at one point her maid claims the pantry is bare but sure manages to lay out a fine repast . i simply didn  t understand her  an english sympathizer who alternately rejects and defends her former lover and patron as he and the revolution keep shifting political focus i think i was supposed to sympathize with her consistency more than their political machinations  like a character out of  the scarlet pimpernel .  hey  the only reason she didn  t go back home was her disgrace after an affair and child with the prince of wales or somebody .  br    br   usually in a revolutionary period there  s some groundswell of change going on in relations between men and women  but i saw none here . i once went to a herbert marcuse lecture that concluded with a lengthy q  a the last question  from an audience member far older than the rest of us acolytes  heck she had gray hair  was  why are revolutionaries so grim   she was hooted at and marcuse didn  t deign to respond to it seriously   but it  s the only thing of substance i remember from the whole evening . rohmer demonstrates that counter  revolutionaries are also grim and didactic .  br    br    originally written            
there is only one reason to watch this movie if you are not related to one of the stars or a producer actress nichole hiltz . she is the show in this slow moving and wildly unlikely story of revenge . directed by simon gornick  the film stars joyce hyser as a betrayed wife who decides to seek revenge on her cheatin  spouse . oh  but not by conventional means . she plans a total guerrilla war and recruits bad girl nichole hiltz as her weapon of choice . she wants nichole  as tuesday  to get close to her ex  the handsome but dull stephan jenkins  who should stick to music  to embarrass him and ruin his life . david deluise is good in his few brief moments  and former  crime story  star anthony dennison is given virtually nothing to do but scowl . hiltz on the other hand comes off at various times as sexy and playful  then evil and devious . she also handles vulnerable and  maybe a bit psychotic  well . she  s also quite hot  though there  s no naughty bits show  so you can understand how she might be able to get to any guy she is aimed at . but the performance is kind of wasted in this movie  which is just not edgy or interesting enough to recommend .  
an okay film  with a fine leading lady  but a terrible leading man . stephan jenkins  who plays the husband  is a truly bad actor . joyce hyser  on the other hand  is the movie  s saving grace . she  s the best actor of the bunch .  br    br   note the first comment  by the fellow who heaped praise upon the movie  and  according to his imdb . com account  has only written one review   and guess for what movie   is obviously a plant . while the movie is nicely shot  it  s by no means subtle or great or whatever other hypobolic descriptions the reviewer used .  br    br    art of revenge  is a fair movie  but it  s a big tease . it offers up all manner of sexual situations but never goes through with it . like watching a skin flick on cinemax  but with all the  naughty bits  edited out .  br    br   the film  as a whole  is a bit unfocused and the ending  and much of the third act  is really a big mess . there  s a twist ending  of course  since every movie nowadays finds it necessary to have a twist ending .  br    br   a  out of   .  br    br    
the only reason i remember this movie is because it was  and still is  the biggest waste of time and money ever spent . i was   and my friend was   . we were the age when action movies were our thing to enjoy most  ok  nd most  . we walked out feeling so insulted  we wanted our money back  but the time could never be regained .  br    br   the editing is what killed this movie . as the truck gets attacked by more and more vehicles with rocket launchers attached the movie completely insults the intelligence of the audience by having these rogue bad guys in  x  vw bugs shooting rockets at the truck . please  rockets at a truck known to be carrying plutonium  what  s worse is the these vw  s manage to get      shots off of a  rocket launcher . you would see on vw with  rockets fire  of them  cut around the truck with the last one attached  come back a second later with two rockets attached  fire another  then go in front of the truck and now it  s back to a full set of  rockets .  br    br   we toughed it out hoping for a big finish that never happened . it looks like they just ran out of money and stopped .  br    br   just ridiculous .  
just a warning . . . this is the worst movie i have seen in years . . . i couldn  t watch it to the end . . . it is a pure waste of time . . . i really feel sorry for snipes that he ended up in such a movie . there really is not much to say about it . horrible acting  incredibly bad lines  story  everything . the only reason i would advise you to watch this movie is if you really want to see how a movie shouldn  t be . just to tell you one scene the police are searching for snipes  and they are surrounding the building with helicopters and cars  they are shooting around inside the building  but still they are whispering so that snipes doesn  t suspect a thing .  
the us appear to run the uk police who all run around armed to the teeth and did you know that cid officers change into uniform when they stop work and go down the pub  this has got to be one of the most unrealistic films with the worst portrayal of  real  uk police that has ever been foisted on the unsuspecting public . i can see that mr snipes might have needed the money to pay his back tax bill but what the heck a good actor like charles dance was doing in it is a mystery .  br    br   worse than the worse low budget  b  film of the    s . an hour and a half of suicide and time i will never get back .  br    br   avoid it like the veritable plague .  
haha  you have to just smile and smile if you actually made it all the way through this movie . it like says something about myself i guess . the movie itself was created i think as some sort of psychological test  or like some sort of drug  to take you to a place you have never been before . when wittgenstein wrote his famous first philosophical piece the tractacus  sp   he said it was meaningless and useless  but if you read it  after you were done  it would take you to a new level  like a ladder  and then you could throw away the work and see things with clarity and true understanding . this movie is the same i think .  br    br   as a movie it is without a doubt  the worst movie i have seen in a long long time in such a unique way . first of all  this is snipes . i loved watching this guy kick ass in various movies . and i have suffered through a few weak ones . however  although you know the movie might suck  you would never suspect that it could be as bad as it actually was . which is the fun of it . i mean this is snipes . you know it might be good  but it will be alright  right  smile .  br    br   so this thing on every level is pure boredom  pure unoriginality . the reference to the professional is both dead on and obvious  yet so poorly done as to be comical . there is not one character in this movie that is interesting  in the least . and to make the whole thing more surreal  they have a soundtrack that sort of sounds like parts to various bourne identity type movies  only isn  t quite right . in fact  although it seems close to action movie background music  it just so happens it is done in a manner that will grate on you fantastically .  br    br   then all the scenes in the total pitch black  where honestly since the characters are so flat  you don  t really care whats going to happen  but regardless  after it happens and someone is killed  you just say to yourself  was i supposed to see that  what else  how about scenes with blinding  obnoxious flashing at a strobe lights pace  for a period of time that is too long to bear . sure let  s throw that in . how bout this though . when you are straining and your eyes cant handle it any longer  do some more of these in the dark kills where you really don  t see what happened . and on top of that  lets face it you don  t care . you were past bored way from the beginning .  br    br   so i drifted in and out a couple times  but i caught almost all of this movie . and it becomes something you can watch  without something that engages your mind on any level  therefore  it becomes something you can effectively zone out with  and begin to think about your life  where its going  where its been  what we are as people .  br    br   and that . . . that is the true magic of this film .  
after watching this i thought to myself  there are either too few good writers  directors or lots of producers .  br    br   at any rate  this is a terrible movie . terrible in a way that it  s not fun  but rather makes you grit your teeth and quiver . makes you shout  this is wrong  at the movie . immersion is zero . by now most of you are probably used to the terrible errors  weirdness  es in movies that has computers hackers etc . in them . this movie is like that in every aspect .  br    br   the only good thing about the movie is the little girl emily  brilliantly played by eliza bennett . i hope she becomes big  and make this . . thing at least worth something .  br    br   do yourself a favor . don  t watch this . there is not even proper action in it . total waste of time .  
a lot of themes or parts of the story is the same as in leon  then other parts felt like some other movie  i don  t know which  but there are an familiar feeling over the whole movie . it was kind of nice to watch  but it would have been fantastic  if the story would have been more original . the theme little girl  bad assassin from leon  is just tweaked a little . the opening scenes are really good    it is strange that people like to fight in the kitchen  in the movies    my biggest problem was to remember which parts was from leon  nikita and if they where from the french or american version . if you have not seen leon  then this is a good movie . if you liked this movie  then i can recommend leon .  br    br   best regards  rick  
it is incredible   . . yes  someone before me wrote that it was a time wasting to seat and watch this film . . it is  don  t do so  i  m totally rankled  i liked wesley snipes  and i founded funny that he played his name  s meaning in a movie . anyway  i wanted to see this film  at home only of course  but now  just after  i am absolutely disappointed  it was his worst movie ever . inwatchable   bad actor  play  bad cameraman  bad scenario  . . only one good think that wonderful girl  must be a manikin surely  eeeeh   mb . .   lines minimum   i don  t want to waste you  re time anymore to read my opinion  i hope  i was clear and under  stable  because english is not my native method of speaking . so have grate time  and see good films  like i try too . . peace   
in the words of charles dance  s character in this film   bollocks   no plot  no character development  and utterly unbelievable .  br    br   full of stuff that just doesn  t happen in the real world  since when were british police inspectors armed with handguns in shoulder holsters   . full of mistakes  bulgarian trains in london   . full of dull and artificial dialogue . and the directing  editing is awful  wobbly hand  held camera shots that add nothing to the film except a vague feeling of seasickness confusing jump  cuts no structure .  br    br   wesley snipes  character is totally unsympathetic  why should we care what happens to him  direct to video  direct to the dustbin   
i can hardly believe that this inert  turgid and badly staged film is by a filmmaker whose other works i  ve quite enjoyed . the experience of enduring the lady and the duke  and no other word but  enduring  will do   left me in a vile mood  a condition relieved only by reading the imdb user comment by ali     . for not only has rohmer attempted  with success  to make us see the world through the genre art of   th century france but  as ali has pointed out  has shown  at the cost of alienating his audience  the effects of both class consciousness and the revolution it inspired through the eyes of a dislikably elitist woman of her times . the director has accomplished something undeniably difficult  but i question whether it was worth the effort it took for him to do so   or for us to watch the dull results of his labor .  
i read in the papers that w . snipes was broke so no wonder he would take parts in low budget projects like the contractor . he is just the next action star to join a growing clubthe penniless action stars of the   s  van damme  segal  lundgren  snipes  . here he stars the lead in a cheap action flick which was shot in bulgaria  we are supposed to believe that the location is london  like only a complete moron would buy that  the story is the one of     other movies retired special forces good guy gets hired by the government again to do a wet job  after that government wants to get rid of him  good guy gets away after killing bad guys  was that a spoiler  guess not   the star of the movie the little girl  eliza bennett  outperforms everybody else of the cast    one star is for her plus one star for eye candy lena headey  makes  stars . only for die hard snipes fans  everybody elseavoid   
this film was horrible . the script is completely unrealistic yet it is written to take place in the real  world  the editing and lighting effects are worse than most first projects in film school .  br    br   i do not recommend this film to anyone who a  knows any detail about the world of police or covert operations . b  knows any detail about film making or appreciation .  br    br   i do recommend this film to the average or below  average mind  i think it would be enjoyable if i was a dumber . if you must watch this film on a full mind  i highly recommend some kind of inebriation  br    br   it is a total waste of what little production value it has .  
the problem with the contracter is summed up by the opening scene . the cia want an international terrorist dead so contact black ops assassin james dial . the terrorist is appearing at the old bailey court in london which begs the question why do they want to bump off a terrorist if he  s going to spend the rest of his life in jail  he  s going to be out of circulation either way . didn  t the cia have a chance before he was arrested  if by some chance he gets a not guilty verdict then kill him . there  s no logical reason to kill someone who is going to spend life in a maximum security prison  br    br   since the premise sets up the story an audience might be choose to ignore the plot hole but the assination itself pours fuel upon the fire . dial  s colleague is killed by a police bullet and the taxi they  re driving in crashes but dial manages to escape . so the police were close enough to shoot someone but too far away to apprehend someone from a car crash  the film of this type of plot connivance . later dial finds a police inspector pointing a gun at him saying  this airport is surrounded by armed coppers  yet dial manages to escape very easily without explanation . the whole film cheats its audience by relying on things that are never explained . this includes an important supporting character called emily day . why does she help dial even though he  s a wanted fugitive  your guess is as good as mine  br    br   this is a fairly poor thriller and don  t be taken in by the  big name  cast . wesley snipes used to qualify as a film star but killed his career by starring in more and more inconsequental films . charles dance also appeared in big budget hollywood productions such as last action hero and alien  but again he  s someone best known for appearing in straight to dvd fare these days  and he  s basically playing a cameo role anyway . the likes of lena headey may go on to become big players in cinema but they  l certainly fail to put the contracter on their resume  
don  t really know where to start with one of the worst films i have had the displeasure to watch in a very long time . from the setting which was quite obviously and very clear to anyone who has visited london for even  day will agree . . . was not london . to the much unexplained way how snipe  s character managed to escape the country back to the us without a single problem . then he convinces the girl and grandmother to visit him in america  how on earth did grandma agree to that . . . he  s an assassin  well that  s the ending how about during the film  well unfortunately that didn  t fare much better . we have british cops driving an amazing range of cars  i  m sure it was an eighties vauxhall belmont which chased the taxi after the assignation  but a modern subaru imprezza escorting the prison van in a few scenes prior . so   or whoever the gun toting arm of the met they were trying to portray was happily running around the streets with their guns out chasing after snipe  s along with the cia . there were children walking around  but the police were still stating they had a clear shot to shoot him  does this happen in london  no it doesn  t  i live there . we also have the very implausible travel from central london to the airport  let  s say heathrow for arguments sake  within  minutes of receiving a call . we also have terrible american accents  a young girl who  s posher than the queen  but lives in elephant  castle . what does it say for british police when helicopters and a number of officers at snipe  s location can  t find snipe  s and he manages to evade capture by hiding behind some stairs  the train station was obviously not even on uk soil and the fight scene sound effects were terrible . the plot was also extremely poor  boring and been written and filmed a lot better a thousand times before . but there were a few notable actors cast in this film  what were they thinking and please don  t let that sway you to watch this film  this film didn  t seem to know what it wanted to be  if you are going to concentrate on the dramatic aspects from the aftermath of an assignation then you need a strong rigid plot with plausible scenery and setting  this is something the viewer has time to take in and appreciate and if you do it wrong then you notice it . if you want an all out action film  which this is not  then continuity and scenery can be put to the side .  
i once used wesley snipes  name as a clue to go ahead and watch a new  untried film in which he appears . so now  for the first time  my snipes  method of film recommendation has failed . utterly . i should first have come here to see these reviews .  br    br   snipes ought to be ashamed to allow his otherwise earnest efforts to be so wasted in  the contractor  .  br    br   one of my worst flick fears has come to bitter fruition . i feared that the shaky  blurry  pseudo  documentary   unconsidered  directing and editing style  first brought to my attention by the paul greengrass  directed  bloody sunday   might propagate to other films . greengass  sickening style was then brought to nauseatingly new heights in the last two of the bourne trilogy films . my fear had come to pass . in my opinion  these films are made really bad by these motion  sickness  inducing methods  which mistake blurry swipes for  action  enhancement  . but the  bourne franchise   as greengrass so loving calls his cash cow  apparently convinced others in hollywood to go unprofessional in the quest for fast  big bucks .  br    br   read my lips  you hollywood types . action needs to be clearly photographed and presented  not merely hinted at by poor  lazy cinematographic techniques .  br    br   and  the contractor  goes so far as to emulate  the bourne ultimatum  in inanely  repeated sound bites  in hopes their juvenile  apparently  evaluated  audiences can  t sense them . for example  if i hear a cop radio crackling  yankee  romeo  one more time  i  ll just scream . the chances are good i won  t hear it again i certainly won  t ever view  the contractor  again .  br    br   i recommend to those of you who have yet to see  the contractor   just be content with the tranquility this lack affords to your life .  br    br    out of    i am tempted to lower that to a  .  
star rating  saturday night  friday night  friday morning  sunday night  monday morning  br    br   james dial  wesley snipes  is hiding out on his ranch in montana after failing to capture a notorious terrorist . then he  s approached by the agency again to travel to london to have another go . his target has been apprehended there and is under heavy police protection  but they don  t want him merely to capture their man  they want him taken out . all goes well but then the mission gets botched and when a senior police chief  windsor  charles dance  is killed  the blame falls at dial  s feet . hunted like an animal  he takes refuge in a nearby house and befriends a young girl named emily  eliza bennett  who  s dealing with issues of her own and becomes his unwitting sidekick as he goes about clearing his name and working out who betrayed him .  br    br   this latest snipes straight to dvd escapade came out of nowhere  with a minimal of publicity even for something so small time  i don  t recall seeing any advertisements or trailers for it anywhere .  with this in mind and after snipes  s history of duff dvd efforts  this might have seemed like one which snoop dawg would tell you to drop like it  s hot . but i felt compelled to give it a go anyway . it doesn  t rank among his worst  but it doesn  t reach any higher than the standards of some of his better ones  the detonator   seconds  says it all  really   either .  br    br   this is  at best  mildly suspenseful  with a minimal of action  naff all in the way of cool dialogue and snipes not exactly at his best in the lead role . likewise  in a main supporting role  it  s quite clear dance has only showed up for the pay cheque as well and this is generally one that none of the cast are going to shout for the hills about on any of their cvs .  br    br   it says a lot that by the end the only  contract  that  s keeping you interested is when snipes  s will end with sony and with it an end to any further sub par el dvd action films .   
wesley snipes is james dial  an assassin for hire  agent of the cia and pure bad  ass special operative . during his free time dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as beauty .  br    br   enter agent collins  his supervising officer . enter a new assignment  kill a terrorist that is in uk custody . of course the united kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head  shots outside of courtrooms .  br    br   the assassination is a big success apart from the fact  that the escape plan blew . so dial  s partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police  whilst dial becomes hot property with the london coppers trying to get to him and cia trying to dispose of him .  br    br   fortunately for dial the safe  house is routinely visited by a teenager emily day  eliza bennett   who loves hanging out with cold  blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil uk law enforcement . . .  br    br   with a script like that need i say more  on the plus side wesley snipes is wesley snipes  be that a pro or a con  and the movie is quite engaging . on the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach .  
i wouldn  t call it awful  but nothing at all shines in this movie  and it is encumbered with some seriously unbelievable basic plot development . it starts out well  but once the main hit is done  it devolves into a long subplot around a young girl which is not compelling  and some action scenes which are theatre of the absurd unrealistic . for example there is a prolonged shootout at the airport in which the lighting is all stroboscopic . no explanation for that . how credible is it that a airport storage area is going to have lights that flash on and off confusingly  and just enough to let snipes do his incredible escape schtick  this is one of far too few action scenes punctuated by pointlessly drawn out set ups that just fails to draw one into suspending belief .  br    br   in addition  the whole premise seems to be that the united states cia team can shoot the place up but get away with it by saying  national security  to the brits . this gimmick relies on a stereotype that is to far afield from reality to be satisfying .  br    br   there are a lot better action movies out there . better formulated  better executed . this one is entertaining at times but there is just not enough meat on the bone and after a while it becomes downright boring   something that should never happen in a good action movie .  
have previously enjoyed wesley snipes in several action flicks and i had expected a lot more  even from a score of  .  imdb  the movie fails to entertain and even though the story is thin and unoriginal  the acting is most unfortunately thinner and goes to mimic a  worst case scenario  of playing  strong  feelings accompanied by some bad acting . . . don  t waist your time this movie snt entertaining  if you wanna cry it might suffice though  even though your tears will be wept due to seeing wesley snipes in the tragic action film wannabe comedy . . .  br    br   i give this     it really was awful  if you wanna see a decent movie go see shooter or rent it  its all the good things this movie isn  t .  
virgin is selected to marry rich guy . rich guy urinates . woman on boat likes sailor . sailor urinates . virgin attends gross  out commune dinner . man urinates on dinner table . boatwoman does strip tease for little boys . man pretending to be baby urinates . there is an underlying theme here . makavejev is trying to say that he is pied off at the world . to say that this is a bizarre movie is an understatement . to justify the title  there is a scene where laure  who hardly speaks ten lines the whole movie  bathes in chocolate syrup . it is a sweet scene indeed but the rest of the movie leaves a bad taste in one  s mouth unless one happens to share the director  s fetishes .  
every so often a movie comes along that knocks me down a notch and reminds me that my taste in films i seek out to watch isn  t always impeccable . i normally would stay away from stuff like this  but i was duped by some glowing reviews and the rohmer pedigree .  br    br   there  s an initial and intriguing novelty to the production where rohmer essentially superimposes the actors onto painted  digital  back  drops of revolution era france . this quickly wanes and becomes about as interesting as watching the paint dry on a paint by numbers scene . what we  re left with is a boring and stuffy film about aristocrats in   th century france . none of the characters are appealing or sympathetic . the pace is so languid  the dialogue so arduous  and suspense is clearly a foreign concept to rohmer  that i ended up not caring whose head rolled  who was harboring who  or what the devil the revolution was supposed to be about . the movie would  ve greatly benefited from some semblance of emotional build  up and a music score  there  s some fine classical music used at the very end  . despite being so  talky   the film plays much like a silent film  and the worst kind of film at that  a dull and uninteresting film about infinitely interesting subjects . only the most astute french historians will find anything to take from this film  as it dose seem to paint well known events from a new angle  the lady is english and a royalist  . otherwise  avoid this yawner at all costs unless you are suffering from insomnia  i dozed off twice  .  
investigative reporter darren mcgavin  as carl kolchak  is back this time  he  s after  the night strangler  . once again  police officials and fellow journalists either disbelieve  or want to cover  up  the supernatural angle . producer  director dan curtis presents the same basic story as his preceding  night   with understandably less success .  br    br   mr . curtis assembles a fun supporting cast  included are  dark shadows  alumni george dicenzo and ivor francis . jo ann pflug  as louise harper  heads up a sexy collection of belly  dancers . and  although i  ve never seen it mentioned anywhere  that must be roger davis as mr . mcgavin  s dining companion in an early scene  feigning disbelief in the existence of vampires   br    br    the night strangler          dan curtis  darren mcgavin  jo ann pflug  simon oakland  wally cox  
as far as i am concerned this silent version of the merry widow is the worst version ever made . there is no tenderness or love or spirituality about this version  it is all macabre  germanic  sinister nonsense . it reminded me of nazis falling in love who cares   br    br   this silent version by von stroheim is not a faithful adaptation of the original story . in this one we have leering john gilbert and his gross relative the prince lusting after this silly american actress  played by mae murray  possessed with a modern permed hairstyle and implausible feminist manner that threw me off again and again . i like my romances light and beautiful  with slow build ups not harsh and sadistic like this one . and come on  those bee stung lips  get rid of them  girl   br    br   go see a live performance of the show if you would like to get a real idea of the sweetness of the original operetta by franz lehar . failing that  wait till tcm shows the jeanette macdonald  maurice chevalier sound version . it  s much better .  
the imdb guidelines state that you have to declare if your comments contain  spoilers  .  br    br   well  this whole film is something of a spoiler . . . a cautionary tale that glorifies what it cautions against  a tale of lost youth that doesn  t know where it itself is going .  br    br   i just saw this at the tribeca film festival . this film wasn  t just bad  it was really bad .  br    br   the acting is inconsistent  the characters are the mostly clich offerings with little depth  and farnsworth  s acting was very bad in particular .  br    br   from the patronizing accents to the pointless plot line to the out of place  graphic  elements to the repetitious dialog and scenarios . . . it sucked the big one .  br    br   i think he was looking for sort of a more edgy  updated  drugstore cowboy  with a touch of  natural born killers  but it is no where as sensitive to the characters as the former and no where as shocking  outside of some frat  level gore  as the ladder .  br    br   more than anything  someone needed to really a  edit the screenplay  br    br    there are some things in there to build on and clearly  br    br   deals with a worthy subject . . . if ham  handed in it  s attempt .  b  edit the film . if it was cut down to a core  it might be passable .  br    br   i would go lower than  if i could . . . like maybe zero kelvin .  
i  m shocked that there were people who liked this movie . . i saw it at tribeca and most of the audience laughed through it at scenes that were not meant to be funny . i felt bad because the lead actress was in the audience  but honestly the plot to this movie needed major revision . . it didn  t even make sense  one second the characters question what exactly it is that they  re snorting . . the next scene they  re hopelessly addicted and figure out how to make it   also the ending just took the cake . . i  m not going to spoil the magnificent conclusion . . but it pretty much blended right in with the rest of the horrible plot  script . . . see this movie for comedy if you must . .  
tasteless . i can  t even write intelligently about the movie . i laughed the entire movie . it wasn  t supposed to be funny . matt farnsworth has no clue what he is doing . his story is written  it seems  without any knowledge of iowa culture and the meth problem . i know farnsworth is from iowa  which makes his movie even more puzzling to me . why do the two main characters have accents  it doesn  t make any sense . the acting was mediocre at best and at times hard to watch . gratituous violence and sex filled the movie . i am guessing that the violence and sex were supposed to make the movie edgy  but it came across as unbelievable and offensive . the ending of the movie is so brilliantly bad that all i could do was laugh and look at the rolling credits with disbelief . as i walked out of the theatre everyone else who was leaving was laughing along with me . the ending of the movie was meant to evoke tears  but it did the exact opposite . do not waste your time on this horrible movie  unless you want to see ignorant  sappy  overacted  clichd drivel .  
this movie made me really mad because the main characters or all the characters have a southern accent . i  ve lived in iowa for   years and i know that people don  t have a southern accent here . this movie is about a guy who does meth and i don  t know the real plot or what the movie is suppose to be about . it has some pretty graphic drug use in it and it  s really insulting so see these people use meth like it was sugar . i lost my brother to meth and this movie makes me sick to my stomach because it glamorizes the drug . the movie makes it look cool to use the drug but i was happy at the end when the guy almost made it across the state line . i also know that most women who experience a traumatic rape don  t want to make love to their boyfriend or husband the next day . the movie is just wrong in all directions . i would suggest  the basketball diaries  if i was going to suggest a movie about drugs .  
the week before i saw iowa  i saw art school confidential  in which a pretentious student makes a film and can  t decide whether he wants it to be art or violent exploitation . iowa could be the film that he made . i can see elements of much better movies in iowa  spun and natural born killers . however  in addition to artiness  both those movies had good character development and coherent story lines . iowa . this movie stumbles to a preposterous end . i have to admit that it had consistency . this movie is bad from beginning to end and not particularly worse or better in any part . the actors all did what they could . roseanna arquette deserves better . she demonstrates that she is very talented  very funny  and very sexy . but why does she have to demonstrate it in this turd ball .  
well  i don  t think the picture is as bad as most of the reviews make it out to be . . . but there  s no denying that it  s got problems .  br    br   mostly  the problems are in the script . there  s a plot  but not much story  and certainly not one that anybody could call plausible it trots out any number of self  consciously strange and  or stereotypical characters  lines  moments  what  have  you and  by the end  it just hasn  t added up to much in this department .  br    br   sorry  but i couldn  t care less about whatever  social ill  farnsworth might be trying to address there will always be a sector of the population willing to do just about anything to shred their brains  even if it requires running around corn fields trying to steal ammonia  or whatever it is those morons do . so  as a film  you won  t find me calling  iowa   important .  but  at a stylistic level  the picture is more than interesting and some of farnsworth  s choices in depicting a meth  head  s wigged  out state are beautiful  hilarious  disturbing and  yes  i  m going to say it  inspired .  br    br   the acting is uneven  but that just may be a casualty of the afore  praised stylistic reaching . look  rosanna arquette is a fine actress  but she  s not very good here  so a discriminating audience member does have to ask   what happened   it  s weird that diane foster manages a simplicity and grace that so few of the other actors can come anywhere near . for example  i might seriously consider whatever explanation farnsworth could provide for michael t . weiss  s over  the  top turn as a probation officer  but i doubt i  d ever buy it it just doesn  t work .  br    br   then again  it  s the most alive and in the moment that i  ve seen john savage appear in years . so go figure .  br    br   this is the sort of work that tantalizes  but does not promise  and that  s okay neither farnsworth nor anyone else is required to make movies . so  whether or not farnsworth has another film in him remains to be seen  but if he does  it seems pretty likely that it won  t be bland pap . in an age when people are planning their lives around the latest installment of  american idol   perhaps we could allow  not scorn  farnsworth  s legitimate and undeniably flawed film .  br    br   what is more  perhaps we could welcome  not berate  his energetic and sometimes blessedly idiosyncratic imagination .  
  iowa  wants to be  requiem for a dream  for midwest meth  but it comes across as a hard r rated  reefer madness  .  br    br   yes  drugs are bad  and meth is horribly pernicious  as an addiction and how it destroys people  families and communities . but these characters who are either dumb or ridiculous and the eye  rolling plot won  t teach that lesson to anyone .  br    br   while writer  director  star matt farnsworth has some charisma on screen  his partner diane foster plays a wincibly silly wide  eyed innocent corrupted by drugsas was already satirized by susan sarandon in  the rocky horror picture show  . i really felt sorry for her for all the totally unnecessary nudity she was put through . it wasn  t until the end of the film that i realized i was supposed to think these two were recent high  school graduates to explain some of their naivet  as we are bombarded by their school photos  but if so  they even looked older than the folks on  the o . c .  . while they have good chemistry on screen  they are a pale imitation of a  badlands   type couple .  br    br   the guest stars are badly used . michael t . weiss  who was so good in tv  s  the pretender   is completely ludicrous as a corrupt parole officer and his brutal violence is just plain crazy  as his character pretty much ruins any social significance for the film . rosanna arquette has to be even sleazier than she rolled around for david cronenberg as a very low rent livia soprano . john savage even has to mouth the old baby boomer excuses about i did pot but this is worse . a goth chick shows up  with the odd explanation that she  s a stripper from des moines . the obligatory latino drug dealer appears  in iowa   br    br   with a limited budget  the interior view of meth use is portrayed quite vividly  with quite scary hallucinations . we certainly see them go crazy .  br    br   while the iowa locations are used very well  including an amusing scene of a propane gas robbery   the accents and church references are confusingly southern baptist . guns seem to be used by law abiding and law breaking citizens here more than in any inner  city drug  dealing movie .  br    br   the songs of iowa  s best known bard greg brown are used throughout  but oddly are not listed in the credits . i hope they were used with permission .  br    br   i caught this at its commercial run in nyc because i missed it at the tribeca film festival where it got considerable   and inexplicable   buzz .  
the often  reliable leonard maltin says this is a  delightful romance  and that sanders is  superb .  maltin must have confused this movie with something else . sanders is snide and droll and superb  as usual   you can imagine his delivery of the line regarding adultery   sometimes the chains of matrimony are so heavy they have to be carried by three   but dull  wooden and dated describe this movie more accurately . the storyline itself  an autobiography with sanders as a suave jewel thief  francois eugene vidocq  who becomes chief of police but can hardly resist the lure of fine jewels  is entertaining enough  but it has the same kind of hollow historical hollywood treatment that marred such period epics as marie antoinette  and certainly the deplorable forever amber  which screams for a classy remake  . though  in his defense  sanders tries mightily to add some depth to his character  it is all for naught . i am an unabashed douglas sirk fan  but this is      and it is one of sirk  s earliest american efforts  lacking many of the signature touches that would define his florid  breast  heaving potboilers . sirk is just getting his feet wet here  and made a number of unmemorable films over the next ten years until he struck gold with magnificent obsession  and hit his stride  bombarding us with such estrogen  fests as all that heaven allows  written on the wind  and imitation of life . but scandal in paris is hardly his best work  a relatively low  budget affair with cheesy sets and ineffective costuming .  
if i only had one camera that was accidentally glued to the floor  enough film for only one take of each shot  and then lost all that film and had to scrounge up some bucks to buy a few digital video tapes  and was forced to make an over    hour movie about the french revolution  and also didn  t have any sets and had to have my   year  old autistic son paint the backgrounds  and also the only actors i could find were the people who didn  t make the auditions of that year  s soap opera  and i was also forced to not use any music in the entire film  and also the zoom function on the camera didn  t work except for one time when it accidentally started zooming in and couldn  t stop  oh and if i hated my audience  then i might make something kind of like this awful  yet mistakenly hilarious  hell  worthy waste of time . the almost grand looking but completely fake looking backdrops reminded me of some of george lucas  latest creations  which made it so much more disappointing because through the whole movie  there was that little glimmer of hope in the back of my mind that the film would climax in a lightsaber duel  space laser battle . i don  t mean to spoil the movie for those who haven  t seen it  but that  s not how it ends . the only thing i can think of that wasted more time than watching this movie was writing this review . peace .  
positively awful george sanders vehicle where he goes from being a thief to police czar .  br    br   while sanders was an excellent character actor  he was certainly no leading man and this film proves it .  br    br   it is absolutely beyond stupidity . gene lockhart did provide some comic relief until a moment of anger led him to fire his gun with tragedy resulting .  br    br   sadly  george sanders and co  star carol landis committed suicide in real life . after making a film as deplorable as this  it is not shocking .  br    br   the usual appealing signe hasso is really nothing here .  
his costume drama is ill cast and without charm .  br    br   george sanders was a superb character actor . but he is thoroughly implausible here as the lead  an eighteenth century rogue known for his philosophy and great good looks . his costar is  of all people  akim tamiroff . some frenchman  then there  s signe hasso  in a dark wig  as the virginal daughter of a wealthy family . carole landis fares best . the movie opens with her in silhouette . she is a soubrette  and a naughty girl at that . she disappears for a while but turns up in an improbably situation . but she  s good . she was always an appealing actress . here she is cast closest to her usual type of role .  br    br   it  s meant to be a little naughty  kind of ooh  la  la . it ought to have had a light touch but it  s a leaden affair from start to finish .  
this crew  versus  monsta has been done a hundred times  sometimes better . this one was pretty slow  moving  only the monster  s resurrection was really worthwhile . attempts at character developments gets botched by routine . yeah   routine  is the word . went straight to video in france . no wonder  
i really can  t say anything bad or good about this thing . its characters are likable enough  it  s capably produced and designed  and professional  looking  except for that cheesy monster suit  . however  it has no originality  no ideas  and nothing you haven  t seen in alien  predator  armageddon and  or outland . it  s just another formula  cookie  cutter   grimy corporate drones in deep space versus unstoppable monster  flick . pretty much a waste of time .  
after finally viewing this movie in its entirety  i am completely mystified by the adoration it has received by critics and online users alike . is it the worst western ever  no  i wouldn  t say that . but  the last great american western   a phrase i saw applied to it more than once  not even close .  br    br   a movie that tries to tell a story like this needs believable characters that speak believable dialogue  and the dialogue in this film is among the most hackneyed and clichd that i  ve ever seen . the movie can be measured in groaners per minute as in  how many times is an actor or actress forced by the script to say something that no human being would say in real life  there  s so many instances of this that it  s distracting . cheesy lines come at you in waves predictable  unoriginal  and often .  br    br   if bad dialogue doesn  t bother you  then how about bad gunfights  few westerns can show you gunfighting that  s completely unbelievable while desperately trying to make you take the action seriously . it  s okay if there  s a comic edge to such gunfighting  such as in silverado  but in tombstone the very staged and very stiff choreography of the early gunplay is just another reason to leave this movie off the list of good westerns . the final showdown somewhat redeems the director on this score  but by then  i was so disinterested in the movie that it was beyond saving .  br    br   other than those flaws  i can say the visuals are stunning  the movie  s well shot and the settings all look great . the acting is passable  especially considering what the actors were given to work with . however  if you  re looking for the last great american western  do yourself a favor  go rent unforgiven instead .  br    br    out of    
the fact that i did not like the music is a very personal opinion  the historical innacuracies are not . i do realize that it is an opera and not a documentary  but some important aspects are missing  especiallly if other people comment falsely because of it .  br    br   abbu abas was the mastermind of this operation  which was staged and reorganized due to discovery on board the shiph  in order to free   terrorists from israeli prisons  one of which was samir kuntar  a heinous terrorist whose story you can find by searching for  klinghoffer samir kuntar  on google . abbu abbas was responsible for many other terrorist operations  even if he never set foot on the achile lauro . ben laden never set foot on the planes that hit the wtc  did he   br    br    possible spoilers   br    br   the movie almost excuses the terrorists  actions and reactions because of horrors they might have lived  always accentuating and exaggerating how much the israeli  s have done to hurt them . however  they never portray the hurt that the palestinians have ever caused to the israelis . the movie uses  quite horrid     images from the sabra and chatila horror  and nothing is said  understating the general belief that it was israel who was responsible  without ever mentioning that it was a syrian  les lebanese army who conducted the massacre .  br    br   the acting was generally very bad  but i guess that  s what can be expected from opera singers   br    br   on another note i am shocked at how a person can excuse terrorists killing a hostage because the hostage tried to stir the    innocent hostages against the armed terrorists  and add that the person should not be considered sympathetic because he is a supporter of zionism . imagine how unsympathetic his wife was  spitting on the terrorists who shot her husband and threw his body into the sea . i hope no one in the world is as cruel as she is  wink wink   
well this film has certainly had a fair amount of hype from the buzz at the toronto film festival to gushing reviews on cbc radio . a refreshing  wacky  hilarious indie movie apparently . i  d been looking forward to it for months .  br    br   how can i put it this simply  it sucked in a very big way . an exercise in cinematic lameness that makes adam sandler look like a comic genius .  br    br   at best it was mildly amusing and at worst coma inducing . an amerterish script badly directed and shoddily edited into a ramshackle mess .  br    br   and what was with the music being    db louder than the rest of the sound track  that was about the only truly odd thing about it .  br    br   if you want to see a genuinely funny  bizarre movie involving aliens then try repoman . there is no comparison   
although it got some favorable press after playing at the toronto intl . film festival  there were a number of reasons not to expect too much from this . one   it  s an ultra  low budget canadian film . two   it  s written  directed and starring the same person  usually a bad sign  unless it  s woody allen  george clooney or one or two other respected filmmakers  . but despite my watching it with lowered expectations  it still turned out to a far bigger disappointment than i thought possible .  br    br   in a nutshell   bad script  bad acting  terrible directing  don  t waste your time or money on this turkey . it claims to be a comedy  but i only laughed twice . plus  there is awful music blaring throughout . how this got any attention i  ll never know .  
this movie has got to be one of the worst i have ever seen make it to dvd    the story line might have clicked if the film had more funding and writers that would have cut the nonsense and sickly scenes that i highly caution parents on . . . . but the story line is like a loose cannon . if there was such a thing as a drive thru movie maker  this one would have sprung from that . it reminded me a lot of the quickie films that were put out in the      s  poor script writing and filming .  br    br   the only sensible characters in the whole movie was the bartender and beaver . the rest of the film  could have easily been made by middle school children . i give this film a rating of  as it is truly awful and left my entire family with a sense of being cheated . my advice  don  t watch it     
phil the alien is one of those quirky films where the humour is based around the oddness of everything rather than actual punchlines .  br    br   at first it was very odd and pretty funny but as the movie progressed i didn  t find the jokes or oddness funny anymore .  br    br   its a low budget film  thats never a problem in itself   there were some pretty interesting characters  but eventually i just lost interest .  br    br   i imagine this film would appeal to a stoner who is currently partaking .  br    br   for something similar but better try  brother from another planet   
eric rohmer  s  the lady and the duke  is based on the journals of an english aristocrat who lived through the french revolution . but it  s a stilted affair  with its strange  painted backdrops and mannered conversational tone . most notably  this portrait of age of terror takes place almost entirely at one remove from the real action one sees very little of ordinary people in this movie  and little of the chaos  poverty and terror that unfolded away from the drawing rooms of the persecuted  but spoilt  aristocratic classes . the result is frequently dull  and ultimately unenlightening about the forces that sometimes drive societies to the brink of destruction it  s a disappointing film from an acclaimed director .  
the guy who wrote  directed and stared in this shocking piece of trash should really consider a carer change . yes rob stefaniuk  i mean you  seriously  who funded this crap  there are so many talented writers out there whom money could be better spent on . i think the idea is great but the acting  script and directing is just plain awful  the jokes are so not funny  i understand that they are supposed to be taking the mickey . but do it with style  this movie is screaming     saturday night live skits . why  i say again why do studios give money to hacks like rob stefaniuk  never give a comedian the opportunity to write direct and star in his own movie . duh   
when hey arnold  first came on the air in      i watched it . it was one of my favorite shows . then the same episodes started getting shown over and over again so i got tired of waiting for new episodes and stopped watching it . i was sort of surprised when i heard about hey arnold  the movie since it doesn  t seem to be nearly as popular as some of the other nickelodeon cartoons like spongebob squarepants . nevertheless  having nothing better to do  i went to see the movie anyway . going into the theater  i wasn  t expecting much . i was just expecting it to be a dumb movie version of a childrens  cartoon like the recess movie was . i guess i got what i expected . it was a dumb kiddie movie and nothing more . there were some good parts here and there  but for the most part  the movie was a stinker . simply for kids .  
i like animated shows . i enjoy the nick fare pretty much  including hey  arnold . but moving a tv show to the big screen isn  t easy and this just didn  t feel big enough . it was more like a long episode of the show  and it just didn  t move along that well . judging by the behavior of the kids we had with us  it didn  t score that well with them either .  
tries to be funny and fails miserably . the animation is just terrible  looks like a  year old threw it together in his sleep . plot is dull and cliched . if you have a young child  maybe rent it . but don  t waste hard earned money to pay to see it .  br    br        
i have to admit that i  m a great fan of this show  so you must know how disappointed i got when i watched this movie . first of all  the plot was awful  i thought it was going to be something more interesting  like to see what happened to arnold fathers  or something more interesting  but nooooooo  a maniac wants to destroy arnold  s house  between many other places  so many people tries to stop this .  br    br   i must admit that the plot wasn  t so bad after all  but what really sucked were the steps that arnold and his friends do to stop this maniac  they become friends of a spy   they drive a bus  based on a video game  for god sake   and to worse everything  they make super  moves on the bus  things that many persons had already tried and died  but not arnold  gerald and helga   cause they are experts on a video game .  br    br   honestly  my mom  my sister  even me got really disappointed after watching this movie   cause it was the worst way to finish a really good cartoon . i must admit that i used to enjoy  hey arnold    it was one of my favorite cartoons on nickelodeon  but after this crap of movie  i  m not quite sure if i  m going to watch  hey arnold   as i used to watch it on the past .  br    br   other thing nickelodeon  with that enormous number of dynamite i can assure you that not a simple street would explode  i think that the whole city could explode with that  oh  and please  if all of your future movies from good cartoons are going to be like that  don  t do more movies  you give a bad critic to cartoons that used to be good .  br    br   honestly  i think this was the worst way to end this show  a good show transformed into this crap of movie .  
this is a great movie . i love the series on tv and so i loved the movie . one of the best things in the movie is that helga finally admits her deepest darkest secret to arnold    that was great . i loved it it was pretty funny too . it  s a great movie  doy     
only children below the age of   should be allowed to see this film . the rest of us should take a book  mp  player  or just take a nice nap to endure the experience of this event . this can be best summed up as a  blown  up  tv movie being distributed into theaters . children will want to see this film  and they will like and be amused by the movie .  
hey arnold  is a slow  paced and slightly boring movie . the plot is not very creative . the paul sorvino character  shenk  is buying all of the decrepit  low  priced buildings in order to build a gigantic mall  shopping complex and office buildings . this plot goes back to many     s kids movies . it is boring . paul sorvino is not very exciting either  so the idea of him as the bad guy is not very scary . gramps remembers something about a historical document  and the rest of the movie is about the last   hours when arnold and jamal must find the document with the undercover aid of helga  whose father is hoping to become rich thanks to shenk  s mall . the kids must move around town on buses  and so the exciting chase scene involving a bus is not only silly  but underscores how this movie is written for very young kids . hey arnold  the tv cartoon is usually very entertaining  and it has enough humor to appeal to adults . the tv cartoon is usually faster paced and more imaginative than this movie . hey arnold the movie  is about five times more sedated  and a good way to put anyone  including kiddies to sleep . hey arnold was a tough one to stay awake all the way until the predictable and totally boring ending . if you want to send your kids to a totally non  offensive movie  this is it . i get the feeling that instead of trying to make a   minute movie  the producers started out with a   minute tv cartoon script and tried to expand it into   minutes . this mall story definitely could have been covered in the tv cartoon . hopefully arnold will bet a better writer if there is ever a sequel .  
i saw this movie with low expectations and was not disappointed . its so bad that it is actually funny in a very cringe worthy way .  br    br   gael is absolutely terrible  i mean he just cannot act  period . he should give up now  as acting is clearly not his thing . . his co  stars are about the same caliber  i  m sure my  year old cousin could do a better job than all of them  the director should be ashamed to have put his name on something so ridiculous . . somehow i don  t think an oscar is on the cards for this guy .  br    br   i have never written a comment on imdb  but this movie was so bad i felt compelled to do so .  br    br   if you get the chance to see this film  don  t     if there was a   
for those looking for a sequel for the fine south african miniseries of the     s  this isn  t it . nor is it a historical drama . rather  it is a dreary little fantasy which has nothing to do with the historical shaka  but merely uses his name to give a certain cachet to sinclair  s idiotic story about an african superhero who is a combination of jesus  lincoln  superman  and nelson mandela .  br    br   on the other hand  there are a few laugh  out  loud moments  as when shaka breaks the cross to which he is chained and kicks some serious slaver butt . you know  like jesus would have done if he hadn  t been such a wimp .  br    br   true  i saw only the    minute version  but i can  t imagine that twice as much of this crap would have been better .  br    br   and what kind of a name is mungo    
much has been made of rohmer  s use of digital technology to  fill in  the background . at times it works well  the scene where grace and her maid witness from afar the king  s execution is particularly striking . at other times it gives the film a strangely amateurish look  resembling a home video . however  the major failing is that the sheer artificiality of the mise en scene creates an alienating effect in the viewer . we know that what we are watching is not real so how can we feel for the characters  to be frank  i did not care at all what happened to the lady or the duke .  br    br   the other major failing  i regret to say  is the performance of lucy russell in the leading role . she is in virtually every scene and the success or otherwise of the film rests on her performance . ok she is speaking a foreign language but she is incapable of expressing real emotion . her emoting in the scene where she recounts to her friend mme de meyler  an excellent performance by the debutante helena dubiel  seeing the head on a pole caused some embarrassed laughter in the audience . also  watch her hands when she is expressing emotion   br    br   all in all a very disappointing film  particularly given the positive reviews on this site .  
amen to magsel . there was a lot of confusion going on . first off  how do you know which movie you are purchasing  henry cele stars in every one of them . i bought this movie thinking it was the miniseries . . . what a letdown   it would have been a comedy but for the young girl being raped . david hasselhoff  spelling   is ok for popcorn tv but he was not believable in this film  where was his english accent   and what  s with the love story    the movie was supposed to be about a young man  s rise to military power  not the slave ship captain getting jiggly with the english maiden looking for her daddy . . .  br    br   if i had paid more than   for this movie  i would have to call the police  because that would be a crime   
complete drivel . an unfortunate manifestation of the hypocritical  toxic culture of a decade ago . in this movie  pedestrian regrets for slavery go hand in hand with colonialist subtexts  the annoying redhead feeding shaka rice   . forget historical reality too . didn  t most western slaves comes from west africa  an american slaver easily capturing shaka with a handful of men  . finally  david hasslehoff could not have been any more obnoxious . one can only ponder  how would he have fared in the miniseries   promptly impaled most likely  . the miniseries was superb  and it is unfortunate that dh should have gotten his hands on something unique  and made it mundane .  i tend to think that he had hand in creating this fiasco  .  
as a south african  it  s an insult to think that someone was actually paid to produce this nonsense   br    br   despite the fact that the director was one of the writers for the original shaka zulu mini  this  addition  to the series is appalling  the original series was based on historical facts about a man who was a great strategist  leader and warrior . a man who played a large role in shaping the history of local tribes in south africa .  br    br   the plot of this film  however  is nothing but hogwash  scraped from the bottom of the barrel by a writer that has failed to impress since the mid  nineties .  br    br   while omar sharif and henry cele are good actors  what is david hasselhoff doing here  rescuing drowning slaves with his red buoy and bleached smile   br    br   i kept expecting blond  busty women to appear out of nowhere and run across the screen in their tiny red bathing suits  for no apparent reason . not that this would  ve been any more bizarre than the fantastical plot line that was probably dreamed up after   pints of beer at a fancy dress party  where someone  s caveman costume inspired the writer to return to an african theme for his next  blockbuster  .  
yes . i  ll admit it . i believed all the hype surrounding this piece of work  about the trials and tribulations of  people  living in mexico city concerning their sexual lives . and so  i was really expecting to finally see a mexican movie  in ages  that was both popular and interesting to watch . unfortunately the film was utterly disappointing . the story presents us with two couples  both with very obvious marital problems . when a third party comes into the life of each couple  their problems reach a pivotal point . or absolute absurd . the plot then turns into a battle of the sexes . the stance taken by each group  yes  they literally group  girls with girls and boys with boys  is blatantly stupid and childish  i guess the humor was supposed to be there  . and it all goes from bad to worse . the performances range from good  miss zavaleta  to mediocre  mr bichir   with serrano doing an acceptable job on his opera prima . however  the flat circumstances that make up the plot  the one  dimensional characters  the very poor  if not stupid  perception of what sex represents in a mature relationship etc  make the movie fail . miserably . spyl has had an  impressive  good reception at the box  office . believe the hype at your own risk .  
i have to say i was really looking forward on watching this film and finding some new life in it that would separate it from most dull and overly crafted mexican films . i have no idea why but i trusted sexo  pudor y lagrimas to be the one to inject freshness and confidence to our non  existent industry . maybe it was because the soundtrack  which i listened to before i saw the film  sounded different from others  maybe it was because it dared to include newer faces  apart from demian bichir who is always a favorite of mexican film directors  and supposedly dealed within it  s script with modern social behaviour  maybe because it  s photography i saw in the trailers was bright and realistic instead of theatrical . the film turned out to be a major crowd pleaser  and a major letdown . what serrano actually deals here with is the very old fashioned  battle of the sexes  as in  all men are the same  and  why is it that all women . . .   blah  blah  blah . nothing new in it  not even that  it uses so much common ground and clich that it eventually mocks itself without leaving any valuable reflexion on the female  male condition . full of usual tramps on the audience like safe gags about the clichs i talked about before  those always work  always  and screaming performances  it is a well acted film in it  s context  . . and by screaming i mean  literally . the at first more compelling characters played by monica dionne and demian bichir turn out to be according to serrano the more pathetic ones . i completely disagree with serrano  they shouldn  t have been treated that way only to serve as marionettes for his lesson to come through . . . he made sure we got his message and completely destroyed their roles that were the only solid ground in which this story could have stood . anyway  it is after all  a very entertaining film at times and you will probably have a good time seeing it  if you accept to be manipulated by it  .  
you know what you are getting when you purchase a hallmark card . a sappy  trite verse and that will be   .    thank you very much . you get the same with a hallmark movie . here we get a ninety year old ernie borgnine coming out of retirement to let us know that as a matter of fact  he is not dead like we thought . poor ernie  he is the poor soul that married ethel merman several years ago and the marriage lasted a few weeks . in this flick  ernie jumps in feet first and portrays the grandpa that bonds with his long lost grandkid . we have seen it before . you might enjoy this movie but please don  t say that you were not warned .  
it  s difficult to know where this adaptation starts going wrong  because i think the problem begins with the books themselves . alexander mccall smith has worked out that you read them not for the detective stories  but for his deeply condescending and completely spurious vision of an africa that does not exist . he  s done for botswana what borat did for kazakhstan  not as successfully  but based in as much fact .  br    br   once i realised this  it ceased to gall me that jill scott  an american singer  actress  is cast as mma ramotswe . if she is to represent a land that is not africa  how appropriate that she is a black woman who is not african  she  s not the only american on the cast mma makutsi is played by anika noni rose . both women are far  far too young for the roles they  re playing  and far too glamorous . both brutally murder the local accents  and both focus so entirely on this brutality that they fail to offer much in the way of acting . scott  s mma ramotswe is bouncy  cute and soft . rose  s mma makutsi is an annoying motor  mouthed bitch .  br    br   the result is almost unwatchable . the principal cast is redeemed only by the presence of lucian msamati  who turns in a decent performance as mr jlb matekoni . hes comes off smarter and more intense than in the books  but i find myself unable to blame msamati for this  he  s a shining light in an ocean of suckage . the contradictions between his performance and the books are clearly laid at the feet of whichever committee of butchers wrote the script .  br    br   to me  mccall smith  s writing has always been highly entertaining yet notoriously bad . he refuses to be edited . as a result  his books contain experiments in grammar that border on the scientific  and characters that change name mid  sentence . it is therefore something of an achievement that the writing team on this project actually made it worse .  br    br   the dialogue is now largely anglicised . characters speak of  opening up  and  sensitivity to needs  . mma ramotswe and mr jlb matekoni flirt openly . mma makutsi moans about not having a computer  but given her constantly restyled hair  makeup and jewellery  i  m surprised she doesn  t have a macbook in her handbag along with her visa card .  br    br   so what are we left with here  it  s difficult to be upset with this crappy adaptation because honestly  most of the things i like about the original books are apocryphal anyway . mccall smith paints a fictional botswana populated with cute  non  threatening black people who are full of amusing and palatable wisdom  nuggets . it reads well despite linguistic travesty  but it is a vision of how a certain type of white person wishes black people were . it just isn  t true .  br    br   given that  it  s hardly surprising that this show sucks as much as it does . it remains to be seen whether european and american audiences will even notice  however .  
i had somewhat high hopes for this since i like tim roth . i was not pleased with this film . i liked the ang lee the hulk a few years back so i figured this would have more of a bang to it . first i was very disappointed with john hurt  s performance here . he looks as if his eyebrows were re  shaped for this . his performance was not convincing . he was not as good as one would expect . tim roth is cool as always here . the gama thing didn  t really stick to the original story line i don  t think . i guess the best part of the film was the end . it had some cool action . the only problem with the original was that it was too long . this one is not as long but it got a bit boring at times . i remember some time ago when walmart had this movie really cheap for sale and i always wondered why  . now i know . i was hoping to to get blown away  but i was not .  
this reboot is like a processed mcdonald  s meal compared to ang lee  s very good but very underrated      the incredible hulk  .  br    br   ang lee  s  the hulk  is a comic book movie for the thinking person . the hulk takes some time to appear  about   minutes   but when he does we see the conflict at our protagonist  s core . he does his best to avoid losing control  but as he admits  when he does give in to his rage  he likes it .  br    br   now compare this to edward norton  s turn  where there is no display of conflict in his personality  and he turns into the hulk whenever he becomes excited and his pulse rate hits    beats per minute  not     not     but exactly     . to this reviewer  this felt akin to the introduction of midi  chlorians in the phantom menace  which tell how strong the  force  is with one  as if mystical abilities can be gauged through a blood test . in the     movie  all ed norton  s bruce banner has to do is to keep his pulse rate under     as monitored by a device strapped onto his wrist . and for the record  it is extremely difficult to get one  s pulse rate up to    even through a very exhilarating run  especially for a physically fit person .  br    br   emotions drive eric bana  s hulk . he has repressed memories of his mother  s death and his father  s role in his early life . on the surface he is calm  but there underneath there is significant anger  enough rage to fuel the hulk when it is unleashed . but the hulk never kills intentionally  even his attackers . mostly  he just wants to get away or close to betty ross  jennifer connelly  . he incapacitates his shooters and in one critical scene  saves a fighter jet pursuing him from a collision .  br    br   in the     movie  the visual effects are there  but as necessary . the action scenes  and there are plenty of them  are necessary to the plot  unlike the     movie where action is inserted for the sake of action .  br    br   in his quest to turn it into a  fugitive  story  ed norton loses focus on how bruce banner feels about the hulk . to him  the hulk is a dangerous side effect of an experiment went awry . and louis leterrier  the director picking up on ed norton  s cue  fails to add any emotional dimension to the banner  hulk relationship . the story can be summed up as banner is pursued and hulk kicks butt  banner is pursed and hulk kick butt . repeat as necessary .  br    br   the only thing that went against the     movie is that it is perhaps not as true to the comic books as the     version . however  even as i am a fan of the comics  i would prefer a movie that is not as true to the comics as a fanboy  s dream but has heart over the comics  loyal but manufactured and soulless     version any day .  br    br   perhaps ang lee should have read more comics . iron man  also released in      is a perfect example of a movie that is true to its comic  book roots and has heart .  
somebody owes ang lee an apology . actually  a lot of people do . and i  ll start . i was never interested in the ang lee film hulk  because of the near unanimous bad reviews . even the premium cable channels seemed to rarely show it . i finally decided to watch it yesterday on usa network and  wow . . . .  br    br   spoilers for ang lee  s hulk and the incredible hulk  br    br   was it boring  i almost didn  t make it through ang lee  s hulk . eric bana was expressionless  nick nolte was horrible  sam elliott was unlikeable  and that  s no fun  he  s usually a cool character  . in fact  i honestly think they chose eric bana because his non  descript face was the easiest to mimic with computer graphics  and it was clear that the ang lee hulk was meant to facially resemble bruce banner in his non  angry state . when hulk fought a mutant poodle i was ready to concede hulk as the worst superhero movie ever .  br    br   but then something happened . about    of the way through this tedious movie  there was a genuinely exciting and  dare i say it  reasonably convincing  extended action scene that starts with hulk breaking out of a containment chamber in a military base  fighting m  tanks and comanche helicopters in the desert  then riding an f   raptor into the stratosphere  only to be captured on the streets of san francisco . this was one of the best action sequences ever made for a superhero movie . and i have to say  the cgi was quite good . that  s not to say that the hulk was totally convincing . but it didn  t require much more suspension of disbelief than is required in a lot of non  superhero action movies . and that  s quite a feat .  br    br   of course  the ending got really stupid with bruce banner  s father turning into some sort of shape  shifting villain but the earlier long action sequence put any of iron man  s brief heroics to shame . and overall  apart from the animated mutant dogs  it really did seem like the cgi in hulk tried hard to convince you that he was real and really interacting with his environment . it was certainly better than i expected .  br    br   ok  but what about the incredible hulk  guess what . . . it  s boring too  it has just a few appearances by the hulk and here  s the thing  the cgi in this movie is horrible . maybe the hulk in ang lee  s version looked fake at times and cartoonish at others  but it had its convincing moments also . the incredible hulk looked positively ridiculous . it had skin tone and muscle tone that didn  t even look like a living creature  just some sort of computer  generated texture . it was really preposterous . the lighting  environment and facial effects didn  t look  years newer than ang lee  s  they looked   years older . and there really is no excuse for that . we truly are living in an era where computer programmers can ruin a movie just as thoroughly as any director  actor or cinematographer ever could .  br    br   worse  the writer and director of this movie seemed to learn almost nothing from ang lee  s  failure  . all the same mistakes are made . bruce banner is practically emotionless . the general is so relentlessly  implausibly one  dimensional that he seems faker than the hulk . the love interest is unconvincing  i have to give liv tyler credit for being more emotional than jennifer connelly  though both are quite easy on the eyes  . tim blake nelson overacts almost as much as nick nolte  even though he  s only in the movie for a few minutes . the hulk really doesn  t do much in this movie  certainly not any more than in ang lee  s version . the incredible hulk was slightly more fast  paced  but since nothing really happened anyway that  s not worth much . oh yeah  the villain is every bit as phony looking as the hulk . he  s actually much more interesting as a human than as a monster .  br    br   this is how i can definitively say ang lee  s version was better if i ever have the chance to see ang lee  s version again  i might be able to sit through it to see the good action sequences  or else to try to appreciate the dialogue a little more  more likely i  d just fast forward to the good parts  . but there is absolutely not a single scene in the incredible hulk that is worth seeing once  let alone twice . it is truly at the bottom of the heap of superhero movies . the cartoonish cgi is an insult to the audience  at least in ang lee  s version it seems like they were trying to make it realistic  except for the giant poodle  of course  .  br    br   it is absolutely mind  boggling how the filmmakers intended to erase the bad feelings associated with ang lee  s hulk by making almost exactly the same movie .  br    br   it is to edward norton  s credit that he seems to be distancing himself from this film .  
revolutions always present opportunities for dramatic films since  in fact  most revolutions are in themselves dramatic events . unfortunately  what this film lacks in drama is compensated for by an overabundance of boredom . one cares not who wins  loses  dies or lives   just end it as soon as possible . this is due in large measure to what seems to me to be a superficial use of background technology . scenes of paris and the french countryside have a cardboard quality about them . they might better be done on a bare stage and left that way . one cannot expect the amazing effects of  the house of the flying daggers  or  the golden compass   but  after all  this is a     digitally mastered production . characters seem to enter a scene for the sake of entering a scene  so much so that one loses count of the number of times character enter and leave rooms . in my view  this film turns the french revolution of the     s into the  papier  mache  revolution of a  papier colle  world .  
  p   or club  p  should really be called  l  for lame . every festival has a disappointment and this is the one that fails to live up to its much  hyped logline  thai lesbians fighting monsters .  rather  this is the tale of a khmer country girl who  s grandmother has taught her a little witchcraft along with a few odd  but specific  rules  don  t walk under a clothesline    don  t eat raw meat   and  don  t accept money for your powers .  well  guess what folks  the girl moves to bangkok to raise some money as a  bar  girl  and manages to break all the rules granny taught her which subsequently releases an evil spirit that conveniently kills the  foreign johns  who pay for her services .  br    br   while this film can  t even be released in thailand due to it  s controversial subject matter most american audiences will find this ho  hum horror pic a cross between  showgirls  and  interview with the vampire  as directed by walt disney .  br    br   if not for a few scenes with significant amounts of blood the mpaa could probably rate this for pre  teens only . there is literally broadcast tv adult fare  although you  d expect at least a sex scene considering the fact that the film is about a brothel and one of the actresses is a thai porn star in real life .  br    br   as for the  lesbian  angle  there  s one brief smooch and a couple of  i love you  s  to prove that the two main stars really are a couple  on brother  . and the p  bar has got to be the only exotic dance club on the planet where the girls keep their sarongs on and do carnival stunts  there  s a swordsman who cuts cucumbers out of a girl  s mouth . . . ooh  phallic imagery  .  br    br   no nudity  no real monster  unless you count a five foot high thai spirit with yellow eyes   and no way any adult should ever pay to see this kind of stupidity except on dvd . you  ve been warned   
this was shown as part of the   th edinburgh international festival  though for reasons best left to the powers that be . a lot seems to have been made of the fact that it  s the first thai language film  made with thai actors  crew  but directed by a westerner . needn  t have bothered to be honest  as this film is dull  dull  dull . why hint at something  why shroud an idea in mystery  why subtly invoke a feeling  when you can hammer the point home with terrible voice overs  obvious shots and over the top scenes  nothing is left to the imagination as time and time again director spurrier clumsily churns out endless clichs . no hinting  no guessing  it  s all up on screen  no need to use our imaginations . wonder when the  scary  bit is coming  no you wont   cause the soundtrack will get more and more intimidating  rising to a crescendo of ominously . hell  i  m making up words to describe how bad this is . wonder whether the conjured demon is real or imaginary  why tax yourself  it  s really is a snake  and yes it  s really is biting his crotch  and there  s blood splattering everywhere . it  s a strange  uneasy film for several reasons . it  s supposed to be a horror film  but it  s not scary  the jolts are signposted  obvious . it might be a scathing attack on the seedier side of thailand  yet the director has a sleazy  lubricious style when it comes to showing barely pubescent teens . maybe it was casting himself as the virginity  taking westerner that planted the seeds of doubt in my head . or maybe the whole thing was just pants . uninspired  insipid  repetitive  hackneyed  all candidates for best description  but dull seems most appropriate and honest . it  s all been seen before  probably better  often with more thought  rarely with less imagination or flare . sorry . thumbs down on every count . truly dire .  
i will be short . . . this film is an embarrassment to everyone except its cinematographer . the very fact that it is a critique of the sex tourism industry seems valid until we are  treated  to a lingering dance scene . the plot is ridiculous no one except the most ardent fan of bad horror will get anything out of it . and for the love of god please stop saying this film is a tale of innocence lost or even of female empowerment because it is quite clearly not  childish fumbling lesbians  what the hell   . this was by far the worst film at the edinburgh festival  that i saw anyway   someone even collapsed halfway through the film probably because they couldn  t take any more of it . this may seem like an overly critical rant but i genuinely cannot find a redeeming feature of this film except for perhaps if you take it as pure comedy . in short this film is best watched on a cocktail of class a drugs .  
i have come out of several years of lurking on these boards due to the sheer lack of intelligence that is communicated through the reviews that periodically appear on this film  s imdb space . i saw this movie courtesy of subway cinema  s new york asian film festival  which had an otherwise excellent selection of movies this year  see vital  snake of june  cha no aji  survive style  and have regretted every day that a scene from that movie disengorges itself from the back of my mind  and becomes a vivid memory .  br    br   i  m sure that you can read a laudatory summary of the film off of subway cinema  which is probably why i made the mistake of dragging my friend to the film . the description built up the kind of horror film that i had longed for for a while  one that relies on sheer terror rather than cheap scares . p was in fact different . it relied on cheap laughs .  br    br   the incredibly annoying announcer described this movie as  lesbians team up to fight monsters .  completely untrue . there is a subplot built up in this film to make it seem like the relationship between the girl and pookie is actually going somewhere . more lies . this film seems like a short made for  are you afraid of the dark   the story is ridiculous  and only succeeded in eliciting laughter and confusion from the audience after they finally rescinded their attempt to view this film with any semblance of seriousness and try to forget the   that they wasted at the door . i almost wish paul spurrier was in the audience so that i could laugh at him and ask him why he wasted  years in thailand to make a bad softcore horror  cum  porn that belongs on the spice channel  which only succeeded to get the actress excommunicated from her family  and caused a minor stir at the belgium film festival . the only stir that this caused was a gurgle in the lower intestine as it couldn  t extract itself from the shte that it is . anyway  i hope i can dissaude anyone from making the grave mistake of seeing this film  it was truly one of my top  worst movie experiences  knocking out soulplane for the number  .  
made the unfortunate mistake of seeing this film in the edinburgh film festival . it was well shot from the outset  but that  s the last positive comment i have about the film . the acting was awful  i wonder if actual gogo girls were hired  but it was the plot that was truly laughable  in fact that it was laughable and not boring is the only reason i gave this     .  br    br    spoilers below  .  br    br   i just want to mention a few of the scenes that really got the audience laughing .  br    br   shoving the girl in the field who would have thought that a kid shoving another kid could be acted so badly . a real eye  opener .  br    br   the getting on the bus scene the girl is getting on the bus . but  according to the music  the world is ending .  br    br   the rolling under the clothes line wow  this one really demonstrates the plot writer  s skills . in the room  followed by raw meat and skill selling . why not just get her to perform all three  sins  at once  at least then the film might have been slightly shorter .  br    br   the running down the stairs of the mall watch as one of the girls takes to flight down the stairs pursued by a flesh eating dau  no wait . . she is just walking quickly trying not to break her nails .  br    br   the running covered in blood this is definitely my favourite scene  and a fitting end to the movie . a half marathon in red paint  completed by vaulting up stairs and over the bridge  only to be sent flying most unrealistically by a passing car . not only this  but this suicide is undertaken by the most self obsessed girl in the film  now that  s sticking to character for you .  br    br   i  d like to think that this film was created by a   year old and their mates . sadly  having met the director at the presentation  this is not the case .  br    br   but  if you  re in a sarcastic mood  and fancy a laugh with a few mates . . then still don  t even think about it .  
watching  kroko  i would have liked to leave the cinema very much for the first time in my life . i would not recommend to watch this movie flat main characters  absolutely no development e . g . kroko the metaphoric german problem child remains a pure metaphor without any capability of positive involvement despite several plot  wise chances to do so . uninspired actors  non  evolving plot . i guess the movie attempted an environmental survey but did not succeed camera appeared shaky rather than motivated . pictures were low  contrast  gray and dark  i am sure deliberately but the components did not add up to a convincing impression of the social milieu . the story had certain potential though  it could have made a good short story .  
any person with fairly good knowledge of german cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past . if such a film is shown to people again  it would surely click provided if it has something new  fresh and captivating for today  s challenging audiences . this is also true for german film maker sylke enders as her film  s principal protagonist kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend . she is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting . kroko was originally shot on dv to be blown afterwards to   mm format . its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser . if someone were to state a positive aspect of sylke enders  film  it may well be kroko  s involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment . it is with kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows .  
years ago i saw the godfather and it made a lasting impression on me  the atmosphere of the movie was first class  the acting memorable and the storyline a classic . recently i bought the trilogy and after watching part  again i looked eagerly to viewing part  . . . . . . i was so pleased to realize early on into part  that here was a fitting follow on to the great godfather movie  again everything was just about perfect and i could not wait to see godfather iii . . . . . . . . wrong   i wish i  d stopped at ii . the storyline was not good  it seemed to me like a story made up just to have a story  the characters were weak especially the daughter . pacino  s protege was a weak character that would have been eaten alive in godfather  or  . then scenes such as  corleone being invested with all the trappings of the catholic church with full choir  the assassin on horseback riding away into the sunset  the unseen helicopter machine gunning of the meeting  where the  goodies  get away and everyone else is shot   daughter and  st cousin rolling bits of pasta across a board  the pathetic shooting on the steps . . . . . corleone stuffing sweets down him with orange juice for diabetes  a man of his intelligence and guile isn  t ready for an emergency   . . . no it was not good and with the best will in the world i wont be able to watch it again . but i  ll watch    many times down the years .  
and  finally  old  old michael corleone falls over and goes  thump   who really did the writing for this last installment of the godfather saga  probably the same staff who does  as the world turns .  this flick doesn  t deserve the title  godfather  at all . let  s call this one  the cosas of our nostras  or  all my capos  . as someone who  s encountered a number of mafia people in my business life  i can say without exception  that i  ve never met any mobster as inwardly  conflicted and contemplative as michael corleone . let  s face it  these guys are in the mafia solely because they  re greedy  nothing more . in this film  don corleone spends lots of time pondering his past deeds and his bleak future  perhaps even the afterlife  then recovers remarkably fast in order to pull off some fantastic business deal or order the death of this one or that one like the big time operator he is  deep down . then  there  s his failed marriage . after the break  up scenes in g   we may hope that michael  kay will reunite as man and wife  but here they seem to just become very good  platonic friends who can laugh  cry  share intimate thoughts about their lives . it  s as if the screenwriters try to make michael into a woman . it  s bizarre behavior for two people who shared the passion of the marriage bed for  years . there  s some miscasting here and there  or perhaps they  re sins of authorship . poor  old  country  beautiful sophia coppola is saddled with a hopeless role  with too many short lines in the film that don  t fit what a young woman would say in casual conversations  was given  remarks  rather than  lines  to emote . her  passionate  lovemaking scene with andy garcia looks like something from a bad teen sex comedy as they chew their open  mouthed kisses and fondle each others backsides on the kitchen drainboard like marionettes . . . scullery sex was brought off wonderfully by glenn close and michael douglas  but it  s just laughable here . then  there  s andy  s character  vinnie mancini  who  s also given a difficult  thankless role to play . he  s expected  i guess  to be the new  new don corleone  but he  s almost handed the job on a silver platter and has to do little to strengthen his position  unlike michael  s simultaneous hits on all  families in g  . this hand  me  down process may be an authentic way of transferring power in a mafia family  but why is so much made of this boring routine  certainly  don vincent may earn the respect of his fellow gangsters someday  but there  s little character revelations in the script to give us a portrait of this young man  sadly . puzo did such a fine job of quickly  concisely developing michael  s character in g  . but  g  has no economy in it  s story  telling and we suffer through drawn out expositories until we just want to take a snooze . thirdly  george hamilton was also handed a thankless task  in taking over as family lawyer after robt duvall reportedly turned down a  rd installment as tom hagen . george wisely underplayed his role  so it came off without damage to the actor . the development of connie corleone  s character is interesting  but it goes too far when she takes murderous matters into her own hands  she could well end up sleeping with the fredos  if this were the real world  . but  it  s not all bad . the assassination scene in the hotel penthouse is nifty  also   they keep pulling me back in  or words to that effect is a great line . and  we recover some old  country feel as we get to go back to sicily  even if it  s all done in     and they  ve got modern cars  haircuts . the plot lines involving the corrupt hierarchy of the catholic church are pretty interesting  since it  s based on some actual financial shenanigans at banco vaticani in the      s  but it  s brought too far  again  with the too  spectacular death scenes  etc . the grand opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed . but  the death scene of mary toward the end is an unbalanced attempt of emotional  manipulation  at best . all screenwriters need to learn that we don  t always need more and more death in order to bring a mafia movie to a successful conclusion . you feel sorry for kay that her daughter is dead  she plays her grief so well  but michael  s reaction is hammy  hammy  hammy . then  michael dies sometime in the   st century  in sicily  alone on a grand estate  of heart  failure . . . no grandson to play with before his demise  no wife to grieve for him . what should have happened in the last    of this movie is michael being tracked down by someone like rudy guilliani  put on trial  all his dirty family  s sleazy little enterprises and bloodthirsty indulgences brought into the light of day  michael then convicted under rico statutes and sent to federal prison for life . . . then he can keel over dead from heart  failure while mopping a floor in leavenworth . that  s how mafia dons were ending their careers in the late    s and early    s and they got much better treatment than what they deserved .  
i dislike this movie a lot . if you  ve read the puzo  s books  or at least have watched very closely the two first movies  specially the first one   you  re going to agree with me .  br    br   compared with the corleone  s saga presented by puzo  s novel  the script of this film is  sometimes  even ridiculous . the characters and the relationships among them are distorted . the story ends up reaching nowhere  although it appears to go to some direction during the movie .  br    br   it is understandable that different times should be expected for the corleone  s saga in the    s  and that we would not gonna find things the way they were before . but  in the other hand  i don  t know why they had to copy some dialogues from the other movies  in contexts when they didn  t fit . why this  it sounds like those poorly made sequels that just try to copy the original film  s qualities .  br    br   what will never be understandable is the fact that mario puzo  coppola and al pacino joined together to make this . a man who directed pieces like apocalypse now and godfather has to be forgiven for almost anything he does in cinema until he dies . so does al pacino  for being the actor he is . but mario puzo shouldn  t have written this . how come  he damaged all his previous work . what a shame  my friend . the puzo  s novel  the last don  is a    s story about the mob  and it is great . we can never tell the same about the plot for the godfather iii .  
this movie is complete crap  avoid this waste of celluloid at all costs  it is rambling and incoherent . i pride myself on plumbing the depths of    s sleaze cinema from everything from salo to salon kitty . i like being shocked  but i need a coherent story . however if watching horses mate gets you off this film is for you . the saddest part was that lame werewolf suit with the functional wang . i mean its just plain hard to sit through  not to mention the acting is terrible and the soundtrack is dubbed badly . please  i know the cover is interesting  what looks like a gorillas hands reaching for a woman  s bare ass  but don  t waste your time or money as you won  t get either back .  
near the beginning of  the godfather part iii   michael corleone  s son wants to drop out of law school and become a musician . michael corleone does not want this . but his estranged ex  wife  kay  manages to convince him to let anthony corleone pursue music as he wishes . so he does .  br    br   that seems like an odd way to start a review  as it is a minor plot point and has nothing really to do with the major action . just bear with me here you  ll see where i  m going with this eventually . now let me tell you about the major plot . it is about michael corleone wanting to quit crime for good  he has largely abandoned all criminal elements in his family business  . but then along comes vincent mancini  an illegitimate nephew  who is involved in a feud . so of course michael must endure yet another brush with criminality and gun violence and all that good gangster stuff . meanwhile  vincent has a semi  incestuous affair with michael  s daughter mary . oh  and michael and kay are trying to patch up all the horrid things that happened at the end of part ii .  br    br   it is like a soap opera . one horrid  awful      minute soap opera . gone is any sort of the sophistication  romance  and emotional relevance that made the first two movies hit home so hard . after a    year break in the franchise  francis ford coppola delivered a mess of sop and pretentiousness entirely incongruous with the first two films  once again proving his last great work was  apocalypse now  back in the      s .  br    br   what  s worse   the godfather part iii  isn  t even a logical follow  up of  the godfather part ii .  michael is a completely different person . he hasn  t just gone to seed  which might be legitimate  even if it  d be no fun to watch  . he  s become a goody  goody that  s trying to fix all the tragedy that made part ii such a devastating masterpiece . his confession to the priest was bad enough  but that little diabetes attack in the middle pushed it over to nauseating . he also gets back together with kay  for heaven  s sakes  there is absolutely no way that should happen  as the  nd movie made abundantly clear  she aborted his baby  and his sicilian upbringing made him despise her for it . didn  t francis ford coppola even think of these things   br    br   and don  t even get me started on mary and vincent  s affair  for a romance so forbidden  it was shockingly unengaging . sofia coppola  s acting did nothing to help . she made the smartest move of her life when she switched from in front of the camera to behind it  because she was possibly the worst actress i have ever seen in a best picture nominee . every line she delivered was painfully memorized  and every time the drama rested on her acting abilities  all she elicited was inappropriate giggles . in the climactic scene   i won  t go into detail  but you  ll know which scene i  m talking about when  if you watch it   she looks at michael and says   . . . . . . daddy   i think i was meant to cry  but the line was delivered so poorly i burst out into long  loud laughter   br    br   now we get to the climax  and now you will also realize why i took time to start the review with a description of anthony corleone  s musical ambitions . after    minutes of petty drama and irrelevant happenstances  anthony corleone returns . . . with an opera  so michael  kay  mary  and vincent go to see it  and for about      minutes a couple killers walk around trying to assassinate michael . about this climactic sequence  i must say one thing it was really good  but not because of the killers   they were pretty boring . i just really liked the opera . it had some great music and real great set pieces . and  from what little it showed us  it seemed that the story had echoes of the corleone family  s origin . i  ll bet it was one swell opera  and i  ll bet michael corleone was glad he let his son switch from law school to music .  br    br   my biggest wish is this that francis ford coppola had merely filmed anthony corleone  s opera for    minutes and ditched the rest of the soggy melodrama . better yet  i wish he hadn  t made  the godfather part iii  at all . part ii gave us the perfect ending . this spin off was self  indulgent and unnecessary .  br    br   p . s . this is not a gut reaction to the film . i watched all  godfather films over a month ago  though i was rewatching the first one  . not only does this mean that my expectations for part iii weren  t screwed  in fact  i had set the bar rather low for it after what i heard   but it also means i  ve had a good time to think about all three films . while i was a bit disappointed with part ii at first  the more i thought about it  the better it seemed . but with part iii  it was bad to begin with  then got worse the more i thought about it . the sad thing is that many people will stop with part i  but if they watch part ii as well  they will most likely go on to part iii . if you have the will  watch parts i  ii and pretend like part iii never existed .  
the godfather part i was a stunning look inside the fictional corleone family and how an innocent young man was all but forced into circumstances he never wanted to have a part of . the godfather part ii shows that young man  s acceptance of his new role  his desensitization of character  as well as his complete loss of all innocence as he dives deeper and deeper into a life of crime . the first two parts of this saga of this transformation of michael corleone make for one of the greatest tragedies in cinematic history .  br    br   then  along came the godfather part iii . michael corleone is now the aging don of the corleone family . he shows remorse for his previous actions not through subtle behaviors  but by trying to use his powers for good and admitting all his wrongdoings and regrets to others . very cliche and uncharacteristic of the complex character that is michael corleone . michael  s plans to use his powers for good are derailed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies . michael  s daughter is eventually a casualty of the ongoing mob wars and her death predictably leads to michael realizing that his entire life as don has been worthless for he has failed in the one thing that was the reason for putting himself into the position he was in protecting his family .  br    br   the godfather part ii ends with michael corleone reaching the lowest of the lows having his own brother killed . before part iii was made  the godfather saga was an emotionally riveting tale of an innocent young man  s journey into darkness with the unbelievably tragic end of michael forgetting his roots and abandoning the one thing that has always mattered most to him and those around him family loyalty . part iii paints the picture of michael as a man who is and always has been just a victim of circumstance . this greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films .  br    br   the godfather part iii is a horrible mess of a film that never should have been made . the only solution to the problem that is this final installment of the godfather movies is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with michael  s shockingly horrible act of having a member of his own family killed .  
the danish movie  slim slam slum  surprised me to be the worst movie i have seen to this date . i didn  t think that it was possible to top my list of bad bad b  movies but this one deserves the gold . it  s not funny . it  s bad acting  it  s bad filmed and the storyline is bad . the only positive thing i can say about this movie is it has three girls in it . i truly believe this flick has the potential to knock of the other danish movie  stjerner uden hjerner  as the badest danish film ever made  and that  s truly something . congratulations in advance   
what a crappy movie  the worst of the worst  this movie is as entertaining as a dead slug . no  talent  what  so  ever  actors  stupid plot . who wrote this script   was there ever a script for this goofy movie or did the director just accidentally press the record  button on his camera and then decided to make the film up as they went along  is this meant to be a kids movie or a comedy or what  my friends younger brother is in the  . th grade and him and his classmates just did an amateur  movie for their school  project which outdid this geeky movie . . this is by far the worst film i have seen in my life  there is just no excuse for this flick   
i have never seen a movie as bad as this . it is meant to be a  fun  movie  but the only joke is at the start  and it is not funny . if you like this sort of movie  then you may just be able to give it a vote of  . if it had the necessary votes  it would truly belong on the bottom    .  br    br    
slim slam slum is a sad and disappointing picture . there is absolutely no reason to this sorry excuse for a picture . dont go there  what ever you do  dont . watch tv  shop for   hours straight instead . that way you will be slightly amused .  
the show had great episodes  this is not one of them . it  s not a terrible episode  it  s just hard to follow up  the man that was death .    all through the house   and  dig that cat  he  s real gone .   br    br   this episode is about a couple that has just been married peggy  ammanda plummer  and charles  stephen shellen  . in the first five minutes you find out that charles only married peggy for her money . the two go on their honeymoon and their car breaks down on a dirt road and they have to seek refuge in an old abandon mansion . charles soon finds out a secret of peggy  s family . . .  br    br   in my opinion you should watch this episode  but just don  t expect the same feeling as the rest of the episodes in the first season .  
horrid    br    br   the special effects make the tv version of  tremors  look real   br    br   no one in the cast can act .  br    br   kind of like the     voyage to the bottom of the sea  meets the cartoon ocean going electric eel cartoons .  
this was one of the worst movies ever         it was so bad  i was laughing through the whole movie  the plot was so cheesy especially the end . this movie turns from an end  of  the  world  disaster to save  the  eels  i mean  c  mon  and i swear . . . i think they use sock puppets for the eels  and there was this horrible kiss scene in the middle with the two main characters who happened to be divorced . how predictable  it was so terrible that my mom  my sister  and i couldn  t finish it  and when we did finish it  it was about a year later  the second time we watched it and we finished it this time  we did mst  k  like comments throughout the movie .  br    br   summary only watch this if you  re a movie basher  make hilarious comments  watch this at a sleepover for laughs  and i mean huge laughs . also watch for mockery . the metaphor that explains this movie this movie is a very shallow field full of cheese and sock puppets   
actually had to stop it . don  t get me wrong  love bad monster movies . but this one was way too boring  regardless of the suspenseful music that never leads you anywhere . the actress had too many teeth and that moment when she makes contact with one of the beasts  was way too obvious a clich . this film totally betrays the cover on the dvd which looks pretty interesting . from the cover one expects a giant monster  but you get these cute not as gigantic as expected electric eels . moved on to watch another film called the killer rats but that  s another review . deep shock was really crap  a big shame considering the fact that it looks pretty high budget .  
completely ridiculous  period  film is only a thin excuse for its extensive  graphic depiction of the heroine  s affair with  the beast   a monster who supposedly appears every century to rape some women . that  s pretty much what he does  and the film  s depiction of the beast is really really awful it  s basically a tall guy in a fur suit with a mask and a huge pvc tube for a hard  on that squirts copious amounts of white liquid . for fans of fake animal porn  i guess maybe this is a real turn  on . i was amused  however  by the opening shots of horses having sex in a public square .  
deep sh . . is more like it  the eels are just cartooned in over the film . think  the incredible mr . limpet  meets  leviathan  . very tacky .  br    br   no character or relationship development . so called  romantic  scenes very corny and predictable . an interesting idea  but a poorly written script and lousy special effects make this a definite must  miss   
i don  t get this . the movie obviously has a pretty good budget . it has very good cinematography . it has nice pacing  good editing and pretty good directing too . then why oh why didn  t they hire someone to do a final rewrite of the script so it would not be so damn cheesy and why oh why did they hire such lousy actors that can  t act their way out of a paper bag  this movie could have been good . at most times it looks good and feels good but in the end  you realize that the movie was no good at all .  br    br   so i would say it  s a good production but a bad movie . too bad actually .  br    br   and eels  come one  really   
this has to be the cheapest film made in   st century . it is all the way low quality  but at the end it falls below . . . everything . all the cheap tricks  like flashing and darkness  are used to hide those crappy computer effects .  br    br   all the actors are below average  especially the main character anne fletcher  simmone mackinnon  . there is a scene  where anne is asked  why you seem so careless   the correct answer is  because she can  t act . no matter what happens  the world is about to be destroyed  her friend is dying  she is fired   she has the same stupid grin in her face .  br    br   it is not only the movie  which is b  quality . it is also the back cover description  at least in finland  . the text mentions things like lorica gray  vessel  capital  vessel and main character garrison harper and anna  not anne  fletcher . the description sounds like a different movie  both featuring character called fletcher and sea monsters  
deep shock plays out like a tv movie a whole cast of commercial  quality actors  a poorly designed creature to be the  bad guy   and a script that is more full of technical  political jargon and importances than it knows what to do with .  br    br   i checked out the movie because of the creature  i love to see what filmmakers have in mind for their designs in these cheaply made videos   and right off the bat  i got disappointed because the creature on the box was not the one in the movie . the actors i expected because of the type of film it is  really quite generic and not thought out past a certain point  . the music was typical  not  thought  out action symphonic music .  br    br   i liked the design of the computers and technical equipment  along with the mini  sub design . the movie even flowed really well  with guiding screens letting you know which set you  re watching the story unfold in . but there isn  t much of a story here anyways .  br    br   this movie gets a     stars imo . the boring search and destroy mission to blow up the north pole and these creatures protecting it . . . kinda lame . even lamer is the tagged  on love relationship between two of the characters that you don  t see coming . chalk this one up to being a movie which tries to get actors  careers off the bench and into a video . don  t bother .  
a mediocre sci  fi channel original picture . a little squirmish  but not much . the nuclear powered submarine u . s . s . jimmy carter is on a mission deep below thick frigid ice near the north pole when it is attacked by giant super charged electric eels . a member of the crew  simmone jade mackinnon  thinks she has devised a way to communicate with the monsters  but is not given much chance for vague reasons . also among the crew aredavid keith  mark sheppard and sean whalen . this movie could have been somewhat better if the eels  monsters were not so cartoonish .  
this is the worst movie ever made . the acting  the script  the location  everything  i would have given it a little chance if there were attractive women in the movie  but even they were bad . you would think that a movie with the word  beach  in it  s title would have good  looking women in it . wouldn  t you   
is nothing else on tv  are you really bored  well  then watch phat beach . however  don  t rent it and definitely do not buy it . that would be a big mistake .  br    br   i watched this on tv and found myself laughing at certain points . i did not laugh long and i did not laugh hard . however  there were subtle jokes and comments i laughed at . if you are looking for an extremely funny  hood  movie then watch friday . if you are looking for a powerful emotional movie  something that this movie tries at . . kind of  watch something like hoop dreams or jason  s lyric . if you are lookin for some good black  booty  go watch a dominique simone porn flick  because the nudity in this movie is nearly non  existent . however  if you have nothing better to do and this is on cable  go ahead and watch it . you will be slightly amused .  br    br     out of     
watching this movie was the biggest waste of time and  bucks for rental in my life . if nothing catastrophic happens before i die  this will be the biggest regret of my life . who ever even thought about this movie  or financed deserves a kick between the legs  because that  s where they were thinking when they made this movie . it  s about an overweight guy who is a hopeless romantic  and writes pretentious drivel that tries to pass off as poetry . he joins his amorous friend in a trip to the coast . where they meet girls and such . only the fat guy doesn  t get a girl . skin flicks don  t annoy me  i take  em for face value . but this movie tries to be more than a skin flick . it  s about fat guy looking for love in some girl  but then meets another bikini silicone girl that enjoys his poetry . he finds his talent for volleyball which gets money for his family and impresses the ladies  only he has his lady anyways . the dialogue is super  horrible for even a c movie . it supports a ton of black stereotypes  no character development  it  s a glorified porno movie  without any porn in it . never ever watch this movie .  
i watched phat beach on cable for a while and i sort of enjoyed it . the fat guy is the best character  as he seems to be a nice guy . the rest of the characters are just various stereotypes of young men and young black men . i like to watch these low budget movies that capture a period of time because they are almost like a documentary of the year  s attitudes and fads . phat beach is also funny because the low  budget babes in this movie are strictly home  girls . most low  budget movies have that  local babe  quality  and you can tell the babes in this movie were the local strippers and underwear models for jc penneys . some of them had so much cellulite hanging from their bikinis that it was funny to watch how the  youngsters  went wild over what was essentially some really over  used  high  mileage skank . there were some cuties too . that is the charm of these low  budget crappy movies . you will see a lot of doggies  and some real cuties  i checked up on some of them at imdb and seven years later phat beach is their only credit . too bad . it would be interesting if someone ever managed to do a  where are they now  book on all of the cuties that have appeared in the history of movies and then were never again to return . what happened   there are probably one or two young people in almost every movie who seem to have a lot going for them and yet years later when you see the movie again on tv you wonder  what ever happened to x   anyhow  this movie mostly blows  but it has some funny moments .  
this could have been a good episode but i simply had to turn it off . the british representation was horrible to watch . have the makers ever set foot in britain prior to filming  at least set foot in england   i don  t think any british person have had such an accent apart from a comedy skit of the royal family  also with the  english boys . . . well i don  t think any english boy has acted  spoke or dressed like any english kid in the history of the british nation since prince william and harry  s preteen public appearances . to american film makers . . there is more than  country in the uk . england  wales  scotland and northern ireland . . meaning more than  culture  i can handle some stereotyping but this was so bad i could not watch it . fire looked cool though   
unreal  movie   what were these people on   a mix of french upstairs downstairs  mating horses  porn  not suggested  its pretty full on for a film   bestiality with a bit of benny hill music  chase scenes thrown in  its sounds crazy  its even more so to watch . spoiler it plods along in a tedious fashion for quite a while  . . . . then a lamb does a runner  prompting woman in period dress to run off after it  she goes into the woods where she is set upon by an erect  penis  attached to a man in a bear  rat manky suit  i put it like that as its obvious the  penis  is in charge  gets way too much screen time  ejaculating for the most of it  anyway  in a nutshell  it turns out she liked a bit of bear  rat tadger  thats about it  the rest is just padding . end spoiler a film made to shock  offend  thus getting talked about  any publicity is good publicity i suppose  a waste of time really  but the  main event  has to be seen to be believed  its hard to imagine that anyone thought it was a good idea as they filmed it .  
it was great to see some of my favorite stars of   years ago including john ritter  ben gazarra and audrey hepburn . they looked quite wonderful . but that was it . they were not given any characters or good lines to work with . i neither understood or cared what the characters were doing .  br    br   some of the smaller female roles were fine  patty henson and colleen camp were quite competent and confident in their small sidekick parts . they showed some talent and it is sad they didn  t go on to star in more and better films . sadly  i didn  t think dorothy stratten got a chance to act in this her only important film role .  br    br   the film appears to have some fans  and i was very open  minded when i started watching it . i am a big peter bogdanovich fan and i enjoyed his last movie   cat  s meow  and all his early ones from  targets  to  nickleodeon  . so  it really surprised me that i was barely able to keep awake watching this one .  br    br   it is ironic that this movie is about a detective agency where the detectives and clients get romantically involved with each other . five years later  bogdanovich  s ex  girlfriend  cybil shepherd had a hit television series called  moonlighting  stealing the story idea from bogdanovich . of course  there was a great difference in that the series relied on tons of witty dialogue  while this tries to make do with slapstick and a few screwball lines .  br    br   bottom line it ain  t no  paper moon  and only a very pale version of  what  s up  doc  .  
murder and insurance fraud take an adulterous couple to  the end of the line  . . .  br    br   tv was visually vulgar back in the early     s and this truncated  made  for  tv knock  off hurt my eyes . it can  t possibly compare to the     billy wilder film noir classic as anyone in their right mind ought to know  sight unseen  but that doesn  t mean this update should be seen as a separate entity  either . although based on the original paramount screenplay  there  s over half an hour cut out and the director  s bland indifference makes what  s left imminently forgettable . with rare exception  the younger generation wasn  t interested in watching old black and white movies on tv back in      still true today  alas  so this lurid  compelling tale was new to the overwhelming majority of viewers then as now  ratings rule and cashing in was its only reel raison d  etre . gus van zandt remade alfred hitchcock  s psycho for similar reasons and if these redux led to the seeking out of the original films or novels  so much the better . i loved the james m . cain source novel enough to tune in back then and i enjoyed this time capsule curio the second time around for the longish hair  halter tops  turbans  ugly decor  and lush auburn locks of  guest star  samantha eggar  who didn  t try too hard . in addition to recognizing a few of the incidental cast from a childhood spent in front of the boob tube  lee j . cobb was able to hold my interest as a world  weary  tired  looking keyes but richard crenna  s affable and inoffensive walter neff only reminded me of bill bixby on a bad day . improvement upon the original was  of course  never intended in a rush to make a buck but  instead of a mindless retread  a new adaptation of the novel would have been a novel idea . cain  s book differs somewhat from its celluloid incarnations and the horrific shark fins in the moonlight ending is killer . the completist in me is thankful this speeded up  me decade  update was included as part of the double indemnity dvd extras but the experience not only made me long to see the original  it had me nostalgic for any episode of the better  made columbo tv series . i also flashed back to a very good     abc tv movie of the week that i haven  t seen since its initial airing john d . macdonald  s linda starring the beautiful stella stevens as a ruthless femme fatale who murders her lover  s  sexy john saxon  wife and then frames her mild  mannered husband for the crime and  if i remember correctly  there  s also an open  ended ending . like double indemnity  it was needlessly remade with tv movie queen virginia madsen as the titular vixen and richard thomas as the milquetoast husband .  
as a big fan of the original film  it  s hard to watch this show . the garish set decor and harshly lighted sets rob any style from this remake . the mood is never there . instead  it has the look and feel of so many television movies of the seventies . crenna is not a bad choice as walter neff  but his snappy wardrobe and  swank  apartment don  t fit the mood of the original  or make him an interesting character . he does his best to make it work but samantha egger is a really bad choice . the english accent and california looks can  t hold a candle to barbara stanwick  s velvet voice and sex appeal . lee j . cobb tries mightily to fashion barton keyes  but even his performance is just gruff  without style .  br    br   it feels like the tv movie it was and again reminds me of what a remarkable film the original still is .  
utter dreck . i got to the   minute    second point  and gave up . i  d have given it a negative number review if that were possible  although  pissible  is a more fitting word . . .  . unlike the sizzle you could see and practically feel between macmurray and stanwyck in the original  the chemistry between dumb ol  dicky crenna and whats  her  face here is just non  existent . the anklet becomes an unattractive chunky bracelet  there  s no ciggy  lighting  by  fingertip  and i thought i  d be sick when they have a mortified  looking  and rightly so  believe you me  lee j . cobb as keyes practically burping  upchucking his way through the explanation of his  little man  to mr . garloupis . no offence to the non  sighted  but it looks as though a posse of blind men ran amuck with the set design of both the dietrichson and neff houses . the same goes for those horrid plaid pants that phyllis wears . and crikey  how much  does neff make  that he lives overlooking a huge marina  this  folks  again  all takes place in the first   and a half minutes . if you can get through more of it  you have a much stronger constitution than me  or you are a masochist . but please  take some alka  seltzer first  or you will develop a  little man  of your own that may never go away . proceed with caution  obviously .  
when someone remakes a classic movie  the remake is always unfavorably compared to the original . also  there  s a chance that the remake is so radically different that it is just too unfamiliar to audiences .  br    br   well  the     tv version of  double indemnity  has almost identical scenes and dialogue as the     original . the main difference is that the remake just seems to have no energy at all . fred macmurray was great as the lecherous  leering insurance agent walter neff in the original richard crenna just seems world  weary and tired . edward g . robinson brought great manic energy to his role as macmurray  s boss barton keys lee j . cobb  a fine actor  appears almost bored with the proceedings . samantha eggar is all wrong as the conniving  back  stabbing phyllis dietrichson while barbara stanwyck was just superb in this wicked role  eggar is overly polite and mannered and just seems way out of place .  br    br   robert webber  in the old richard gaines role as robinson  s boss norton  and john fiedler taking the porter hall role as the crucial witness  bring some life to the movie . in particular  webber recreates the norton role well in a     s context .  br    br   however  after the movie starts  the whole thing just sort of lies there  without any life or electricity . this is one film that never should have been remade .  
this     tv remake of the billy wilder classic is inferior to the original . surprise   br    br   first  the good things . lee j . cobb makes a terrific barton keyes . he  s not as good as edward g . robinson  of course  but he  s the only reason to watch this . this remake  s only improvement over the original is that it cuts down the role of lola dietrichson  the step  daughter of the femme fatale  phyllis dietrichson .  br    br   and that  s it for the good things .  br    br   the bad things are many . the director records everything in an indifferent manner if you watched the film with the sound muted you  d hardly get the impression that anything especially interesting was happening . because of modern bad taste  the film must be in color instead of black and white . because of     s bad taste  all the sets are distractingly ugly . walter neff  s expensive apartment  in particular  is hideous .  br    br   the modern setting hurts in a lot of small ways . train trips were a bit more unusual in the   s than in the   s  so mr . dietrichson  s decision to take a train seems more of a contrivance . men stopped wearing hats  which prevents walter from covering up his brown hair while posing as the white  haired mr . dietrichson . women in mourning stopped wearing veils  which robs samantha eggar of a prop barbara stanwyck made splendid use of in a key scene .  oddly  lola still has the line where she reveals that her stepmother was trying on a black hat and veil before she had need of them .   br    br   stephen bochco keeps much of the billy wilder  raymond chandler script the same . but he makes a lot of tiny  inexplicable changes to the dialogue which leave the script slightly flabby where once it was lean and muscular . outrageously  the famous motorcycle  cop banter is gone  but look closely and you  ll see what looks like a post  production cut where those lines should have been . bochco may not be to blame .  br    br   richard crenna is passable as walter neff . what might have made this version tolerable is a really splendid phyllis dietrichson . instead we get samantha eggar  who comes off like a standard  issue villainess from  barnaby jones .  but who can blame eggar  with a director who barely seems interested in what  s happening in front of the camera  how could barbara stanwyck herself have come off well   
watch the original with the same title from      this made for tv movie  is just god  awful  although it does use  as far as i can tell  almost the same dialog  it just doesn  t work  is it the acting  the poor directing  ok so it  s made for tv  but why watch a bad copy  when you can get your hands on the superb original  especially as you  ll be spoiled to the plot and won  t enjoy the original as much  as if you  ve watched it first   br    br   there are a few things that are different from the original  it  s shorter for once   but all are for the worse  the actors playing the parts here  just don  t fit the bill  you just don  t believe them and who could top edward g . robinsons performance from the original  if you want  only watch it after you  ve seen the original and even then you  ll be very brave  if you watch it through  it  s almost sacrilege   
it was hard to watch this film and be totally fair and objective since i am a big fan the original     movie . that  to me and many others  is one of the greatest film noirs ever made . realizing this is simply a shortened made  for  tv film and that most people had trashed it  i didn  t expect much  but you can  t help but compare this with the    film . scene after scene  i found myself comparing what i was looking at it  and remembering how it played out with fred macmurray  barbara stanwyck  edward g . robinson and others . now i was seeing these famous actors playing their famous roles replaced by richard crenna  samantha eggar and lee j . cobb .  br    br   when it was all over  i found it wasn  t as bad as i had expected but it  s no match for the     original . the two main areas in which this made  for  tv film wasn  t as good were    the electricity between the two leads was missing and    being only   minutes  they rushed the story with hardly time to develop the plot  characters and chemistry between those leads . crenna and eggar were flat  and simply no match for macmurray and stanwyck as  walter neff  and  phyllis dietrichson   respectively .  br    br   where this re  make held its own was in the other characters  such as  barton keyes  and  edward norton .  cobb was terrific as keyes and robert webber as norton  head of the insurance company . it also was somewhat interesting to see the time frame changed  so the houses  cars  telephones  dictating machines  etc .  were all early    s instead of mid    s . otherwise  the storyline was very similar  just rushed .  br    br   however  one viewing was enough and i will happily go back to the original version for the rest of my viewings of this classic story and film .  
when samantha eggar  as phyllis dietrickson  answers the door of her house swathed in a towel  you realize that as competent an actress as eggar may be  she doesn  t have the hypnotic allure of barbara stanwyck . and it is not entirely eggar  s fault . in the original film  wilder had stanwyck not only appear in a towel  but she enters the scene on the second floor balcony of the house . and she doesn  t  come out   she appears  almost as if by magic . walter neff is staring up at her from below on the first floor . there is a reason for this . stanwyck is much higher than neff  fred macmurray  when they are first introduced . it is not just the towel . the towel adds to the seductive allure . her pose is like a greek goddess overlooking her domain  and  in a strange way  you feel as if  from the start  she is actually controlling the entire situation . she has sexual  even magic  power . this person is no ordinary housewife . this person is a mystery with secrets hidden within .  br    br   back to     . the remake has crenna knock on the front door . stanwyck  s stand  in  eggar  answers the door with a towel around her . there is no  appearance  . she simply opens the door . the alluring superiority that grabs the audience at the first appearance of stanwyck in     is entirely absent in     . she opens the door with a towel around her . it may be sexy in a charlie  s angels sort of way  but it  s not nearly as mysterious . the filmmakers of the remake seem to misunderstand wilder  s point . the script may have said  phyllis appears in towel  so the filmmakers of the remake simply follow the instructions and include the required towel . the point is not the towel . the point is the enigmatic quality of phyllis  and the potential power she wields . wilder gave her a towel to add to her mystique . the filmmakers of the remake gave her a towel because that  s what wilder did . and in the choice of shot  lost all of phyllis  mystique .  br    br   richard crenna also seems miscast . he seems like he  s  acting  and not really in the midst of the dilemma . part of the problem is crenna appears so much like a    s actor . he can  t get into the      s . when macmurray first speaks into the microphone  sweat begins to drip from his face . no sweat on crenna . and they also changed one of the crucial lines at the beginning . in the original  neff says   i didn  t get the money  and i didn  t get the woman .  in the     version  crenna says   i didn  t get the money  and i didn  t want the woman .  did the filmmakers completely misunderstand the entire point of the story  or were they dumbing it down for a  television  audience   br    br   this made  for  tv movie is a by  the  numbers rendition . all the sharp edge of the original is lost . the only stand  out  maybe  is lee j . cobb in the role made famous by edward g . robinson . but he cannot save the loss of intensity of the original . this     boring remake is a forgettable tv  movie made probably by the same people who did  gilligan  s island  . they might as well have tried to remake  citizen kane  or  gone with the wind  . if mediocrity is the best one can hope for  what  s the point  the     classic is a film with a capital  f  . this made  for  tv remake deserves an  f  grade  or  maybe a  d  for dumb .  
this     remake of the classic     billy wilder film   double indemnity   is a textbook example of how to destroy a great script . this grade  b tv fodder also illustrates the folly of remakes in general . while hollywood has gone after greedy executives that colorize black  and  white films and sought disclaimers on wide  screen movies that are shown in pan  and  scan versions  the industry has ignored the hacks that insist on taking a classic film and diminishing it with a shoddy remake .  br    br   the first step in producing a bowdlerized version of a classic is to edit the script . the billy  wilder  raymond  chandler work was cut by a half hour to fit the finished film into a specified time  slot with room for commercials . then update the production with bland  color photography  smart  upscale sets  and tv  familiar actors . thus  the brand  new  double indemnity  eliminates the atmospheric black  and  white film  noir cinematography that enhanced the mood and characterizations of the original . gone are the dusty  shadowy  claustrophobic sets that explained the protagonists  desires to escape their situations at whatever cost . gone are the close bond between keyes and neff and the erotic attraction between neff and phyllis .  br    br   the look of jack smight  s take on  double indemnity  is more  dynasty  than film noir . phyllis dietrickson has a designer home to die for  and neff  s comfy pad would be hard to afford on an insurance salesman  s salary  not to mention the sporty mercedes convertible that he drives . neither character has any apparent motive to murder for a paltry         . if not money  then perhaps murder for love or lust  not in this version . richard crenna shows little interest in samantha eggar  and their kisses are about as lusty as those between a brother and a sister . crenna fails to capture the cynicism of neff  and his attempts at double  entendre and sexual suggestiveness fall horribly flat . eggar is little better and lacks sensuality and the depth to suggest the inner workings of a supposedly devious and manipulative mind . only lee j . cobb manages a creditable performance as keyes . director jack smight and his three principals have all done much better work .  br    br   there was no conceivable reason to produce this wretched remake except to fill time in a broadcast schedule . there was no conceivable reason to resurrect this dud on dvd and package it with the original film except to fill out a double  disc package . the only lesson that can be learned from this misfire is that even a great script and great dialog can be ruined with poor casting  lackluster direction  and tv grade production values . the      double indemnity  should be titled     indemnity   because viewing it only underscores the     perfection of the original movie .  
bought this movie in the bargain bin at rogers video store for   . i enjoy a good b movie now and then and figured this looked like a good one .  br    br   the movie is quite cliche       s  and is quite groovy for that . unfortunately the story line is hard to follow and not a lot happens in the movie . in fact  i turned it off after watching it for   minutes and figured a week later that i should watch the whole thing no matter how slow it was .  br    br   the movie has good spots in it  but you have to wait and wait and wait . . . . . . . for them .  br    br   if you are into b movies  this might just be for you  just be warned that the movie is slow and not much really happens  and did i mention not much story line either . . .  br    br    
notorious for more than a quarter century  and often banned   it  s obscurity was its greatest asset it seems . hey  it  s often better to be talked about  rather than actually seen when you can  t back the  legend  up with substance .  br    br   the film has played in los angeles a couple of times recently  and is available on home video  so that veil is slowly being lifted . while there is still plenty to offend the masses  it is more likely to bore them  than arouse much real passion . except for a gratuitous and protracted xxx sex scene between a pair of horses   nature documentary  anyone    there follows nearly an hour of a dull arranged marriage melodrama .  br    br   once the sex and nudity begins  it is a nonstop sequence involving masturbation  a looooooooong flashback to an alleged  beauty and the beast  encounter  and a naked woman running around the mansion  nobody  even her supposedly protective aunt  seems to even think of putting some clothes on her   . on video  i guess you can fast  forward thru the banality  but it  s not really worth the effort . the nudity doesn  t go beyond what is seen in something much more substantive such as bertolucci  s the dreamers .  br    br   try as one might to find some  moral  or  symbolism  in the carnality  i doubt it  s worthy of anyone  s effort . unfortunately  for la bete  now that you can more easily see the film  the notoriety of something once  forbidden  has been lifted . and this beast has been tamed .  
i noticed with some amusement that in the end credits  the detroit pd is thanked for their participation . the chief of police even has one speaking line playing himself  and boy  can you tell he can  t act  . the reason for the amusement is that in this movie the police shoot first and ask questions later . not the kind of pr  i would think a police force would want . other than that  this is your standard cops and robbers film dressed up for the     s with a racial angle . alex rocco is given a thankless role of a lifer cop that can  t get ahead and is saddled with a mentally ill wife . he makes up for this by hanging out at the local whorehouse . hari rhodes is his dashing partner that has a groovy wardrobe and likes to chase after suspects while wearing a trenchcoat . the movie moves along until the penultimate shootout that makes absolutely no sense  why do people that are only guilty of a robbery  take on a whole police force   . not only do we see one shootout but since there are four bad guys  we get to see four . then there is a twist ending that is supposed to leave one guessing what really would have happened but only left me thinking how stupid it was . seeing that director arthur marks was also behind the braindead  friday foster  and  bucktown   i shouldn  t have wondered .  
you know when you  re on the bus and someone decides to tell you their life  story  and you sit there with a pathetic smile on your face when all you really want to do is slap the fool and walk off  well i had a similar sensation while watching this film . okay  i did actually choose to go and see aprile  and i knew about nanni moretti  s taste for making himself the one and only star from caro diario  but after about half an hour of this latest installment from his memoirs i wanted to give moretti the madre of all slaps . caro diario was funny  unusual  and at least a couple of other characters managed to get a word in edgeways . in aprile  however  moretti has exclusive rights to the dialogue  so that all you hear for an hour and a half is a high  pitched whine going on about how his politics are best  or what quirky piece of popular culture is tickling his fancy at the moment . he also finds time to slag off films that he doesn  t like  something i thought was reserved for losers like me . surely being in a position like his you  d think he  d try and make a point about cinema a little more intelligently than this . by making a proper film perhaps  one with some ideas and a decent structure  or maybe one that isn  t completely dominated by his annoying voice . and when he started fawning over his newborn baby  i just wanted to go and be in the company of someone normal  preferably not a self  obsessed film director with a strange penchant for tacky music . the next time someone you don  t know tries to tell you their life  story  give them a slap from me . every blow will be a small victory in the fight against morettiism .  
 . . . however i am not one of them . caro diario at least was watchable for two thirds of the time  but the boring and self  centred third section of that movie gave us a taste of what was to come in this extraordinarily self  indulgent mess . moretti says he feels a need to make this movie  but doesn  t want to  whereas the viewer feels that he should stick with it  but really doesn  t want to either . a film about italian politics and elections could be fascinating  but this is not that film . at one point  moretti and his friends are standing outside the communist party headquarters  discussing the interviews they are preparing to conduct with party leaders inside  but it  s characteristic of this film that we never get to see anything of them . interposed with moretti  s political ravings are the events leading up to the birth of his son  and subsequent home movie shots of him with the baby and later the infant pietro  the film drags us through several years and more than one election period  . we keep expecting to see some definitive sequence or cogent argument  but they never come . i for one doubt that i could have the patience to ever sit through a nanni moretti movie again . he succeeds in making an hour and twenty minutes seem like an eternity .  
before stan laurel became the smaller half of the all  time greatest comedy team  he laboured under contract to broncho billy anderson in a series of cheapies  many of which were parodies of major hollywood features . following a dispute with anderson  laurel continued the informal series of parodies at joe rock  s smaller  and more indigent  production company .  br    br   most of laurel  s parody films were only mildly funny at the time  and even less funny for modern audiences who haven  t seen the original movie which laurel is parodying .  west of hot dog  is a fairly generic parody of cowboy shoot   em  ups . it  s marginally a specific parody of  west of the pecos   an oater released two years earlier with no major actors . since  west of the pecos  was never a huge success  it  s difficult to see why stan  s film unit chose this particular movie as a target for their lampoonery  much less why they waited so long after its release to parody it . and where did they get that title  west of hot dog   possibly it  s down to the fact that  hot dog   was a sexual interjection favoured by american lechers in the     s .  as in the opening scene of the stage play  machinal  .   br    br    west of hot dog  was produced and co  directed by joe rock . among his many other achievements  rock introduced laurel to lois neilson  and he was subsequently best man at their wedding . full disclosure in the last years of his life  i had the great privilege of befriending joe rock and interviewing him . nearly ninety years old at the time  rock  s memory was impressively clear . . . but he remembered nothing at all about  west of hot dog   and i can  t blame him . this movie is eminently forgettable .  br    br   the leading lady  s character is named little mustard if that  s meant to be a parody of something in  west of the pecos   i don  t get it . there are a couple of  impossible  gags here  including laurel  s method for mounting a horse . for just one moment in this movie  stan laurel reminded me of the great buster keaton when he suddenly broke into a run .  west of hot dog  is vaguely similar in subject matter and tone to keaton  s short comedy  the frozen north   but keaton  s version is much funnier . the plot of this film somewhat anticipates a situation in keaton  s feature  our hospitality  but  again  suffers by comparison here  two tough varmint brothers expect to inherit the last chance saloon  but the previous owner has bequeathed it to weakling tenderfoot stan . however  the brothers will become the legal heirs if stan dies . hmmm . . .  br    br   seriously  though is such a bequest legal  as soon as stan takes possession of the property  surely any further questions of ownership or inheritance become his decision  not the previous owner  s decision . i had plenty of time to consider such points of law while watching this dull comedy .  br    br   at one point  a gag involves some crude animation drawn directly onto the film stock . it looks cheap and isn  t funny .  br    br   this  hot dog  is no weiner  and no winner it  s just a whiner . my rating one point out of   . hang on  stan in a few more years you  ll be one  half of a comedy legend .  
back in the day  i remembered seeing dumb nintendo power comics that had the same artwork as this show . . . and then word came up that this show was a coming to a television near me  i was not estatic  but curious . . . i was curious about how bad this show was gonna suck . my friends all said that this show had no real meanings and was too silly for straight people like me to enjoy  i  m actually gay   so i decided to watch the show with low expectations .  br    br   what a horrible experience            first off  i hate the new characters . tiff and tuff are so dumb and i hate how so many fanboys drool over tiff  it  s sad . i also hate how they made chef kalasaki  or whatever his nonstraight name was  a good guy who owned a restaurant . bad move   kids tv  escargoon is nothing but a loser adviser to the king dedede  who sucks big time in this show  and i hate the face of that one company that keeps supplying dedede with those awful weapons to destroy kirby . so stupid  i hate this show .  br    br   i then began to hate kirby even more since it was obvious nintendo was just aching to get kirby some popularity . kirby  ll never beat mario in the fight for coolness  and kirby will always be nothing but a tiny little cream puff of gayness . nuf said     
this insipid mini operetta featuring a eddy  mcdonald prototype in a valentino scenario is so bad it becomes an endurance exercise after five minutes . it  s silly from the get go as this brevity opens two military men discussing the lack of manliness in the son of one of the officers . in under a minute he is packed off to morrocco where he lives a double life as the red shadow the leader of an arab tribe that would rather sing than fight .  br    br   alexander gray and bernice clare possess fine light opera voices  with little acting ability  and there  s a decent bass in there as well but the acting is so haphazard scenes so ill prepared you get the feeling they are making things up as they go along .  br    br   this two reeler was part of a larger stage production that lists six writers . with more room to spoof and warble the show may have had some entertainment values but this rushed quickie is little more than an insult to an audience waiting for the feature presentation .  
getting lost in space frozen for   years  that  s unlikely . falling into a star . . . improbable . falling into it the day it goes supernova and explodes . . . ludicrous . getting rescued by a ship just then . . . priceless .  br    br   no  it  s not zaphod beeblebrox  s heart of gold to the rescue . it  s also not the parent of the year awardees . after sentencing her daughter to two years  solitary confinement on an abandoned spaceship  the mother encourages her to get drunk and wander off alone with the strange man they  ve picked up . this foreshadows their prowess in hand to hand combat  which makes up most of the film  s action . combat highlights include for example the psycho talking close up face to face with one woman while blindly pointing the gun behind him at the other about six inches away  who obligingly simpers in the line of fire .  br    br   in the end  the family of three abandons the metropolis  sized ship they were planning to use to observe the supernova until the last instant because it is too slow to escape the blast wave  instead using the psycho  s fighter ship which they  ve refueled in one minute with     pounds of gas propellant from a  .   kiloton missile . you have to love those hard sci  fi statistics   br    br   as long as hollywood treats writing as an irrelevant frill  they  ll continue making movies not fit to run at  am on the sci fi channel .  
a pretty average scifi film . the plot was more or less obvious from the start . although the acting was reasonably good  the writing seemed very cliched  using ideas taken from numerous films .  br    br   the basic plot scientists working on a deep space research platform rescue a fighter from crashing into the red dwarf that they have been orbitting . onboard they find a stasis pod  which coincidently malfunctions at that very moment . after  or  minutes of the man in the pod waking up  you realise that he is a complete lunatic . something which totally escapes the  person crew of the research ship . . .  br    br   after that it becomes a rip off every other film involving a psychotic madman terrorising innocent victims  overall i think speed  was a better exploration of the subject matter  which i didn  t consider to be a good film either .  br    br   not a good film  get aliens out and watch that again .  br    br    
on a distant planet a psychopath is saved from execution by a space monk . he releases a few fellow inmates and breaks out of the prison in a spaceship . they dock onto a ludicrously enormous spacecraft that is orbiting a supernova star . this massive craft is populated by only three people  presumably because the budget of the film did not extend to hiring many actors . anyway  to cut a long story short  the three goodies end up in a game of cat and mouse with the baddies .  br    br   the psychopath in this movie is curious in that he is annoying .  annoying  is generally not a term one would use to describe a lunatic  unhinged  frightening  dangerous maybe but not  annoying  but he is . the three people manning the giant ship are seriously unconvincing as warranting such important roles  this ship is practically the size of a city  considering that the film is set approximately   years in the future  it is somewhat optimistic that such a huge man  made craft could exist  never mind the fact that it is used for such a relatively mundane task . despite the vast size of the spaceship  the crew all have appallingly kitted out  tiny rooms and the dining room consists of what appears to be a plastic table and chairs . but there are a lot of corridors .  br    br   the film is fairly well acted and it works as an averagey sci  fi thriller . but nothing great .  
despite unfortunately thinking itself to be  a  intelligent   b  important and  c  interesting  fortunately this movie is over mercifully quickly . the script makes little sense  the whole idea of the sado  masochistic relationship between the two main characters is strangely trite  and john lydon shows us all  in the space of one movie  why he should never have let himself out of music . his performance is one  note and irritating .  br    br   the only positive thing to be said is that harvey keitel manages to deliver a good turn . his later bad lieutenant would show just how badly good actors can act  but mercifully his performance here is restrained .  
this film was shrouded in scandal for so long that it became a very sought after item . . . the outrage  the mystery  etc . it had everything to be a great piece of film  making  but ultimately fails in every extent . it  s a terribly bad comedy  a pathetic horror movie  a lame erotic film .  br    br   the  disc dvd includes a gorgeous booklet with stills  interviews  essays on bestiality  etc . as well as an extensive interview with the more  than  pretentious director . for those who have heard about it but never seen it  the package will seem fantastic until one actually sees the film . disc  contains the edited film  badly translated to english but with good visual quality . disc  contains the director  s cut  in an awful transfer  in french .  br    br   what can i say about the actual beast  a hand puppet of kermit the frog would have been more effective and shocking .  
i saw this on dvd  its known as corrupt in this format  and the blurb on the casing really hyped up how harvey keitels character frank is so much like the one he played bad lieutenant in  this gritty and powerful police thriller  . what the casing didnt mention was that this is an old italian movie . how old is it theo  well when a character plays music he doesnt put on the cd player  he pulls out a big plastic pancake thing  puts it on a sort of revolving hob where a sort of mechanical arm touches the pancake thingy causing music to be heard . you see my point about this being an old film  the dvd case gave no clue this was a movie made   years ago . its also a film with poor production values like so many other italian films masquerading as american ones . with the exception of keitel the cast are awful though johnny rottens performance is bizarre rather than terrible  the cinematography is static with the picture and sound quality giving the impression that i was watching a fourth generation pirate copy  i dont know if its down to a dodgy dvd or if its a very bad film print  and worst of all is ennio morricones score . its impossible to belive the man who did the irritating intrusive incidental music for corrupt is the same one who did the music for those clint eastwood westerns .  br    br   all of this is a pity because corrupt does have its moments . its by no means the greatest psycho thriller ever devised but it did hold my interest and as always keitel puts in a good performance as a violent nutcase cop . just a pity the rest of the movie didnt match up to his high standards  
encouraged by the positive comments about this film on here i was looking forward to watching this film . bad mistake . i  ve seen     films and this is truly one of the worst of them  it  s awful in almost every way editing  pacing  storyline   acting   soundtrack  the film  s only song  a lame country tune  is played no less than four times  . the film looks cheap and nasty and is boring in the extreme . rarely have i been so happy to see the end credits of a film .  br    br   the only thing that prevents me giving this a   score is harvey keitel  while this is far from his best performance he at least seems to be making a bit of an effort . one for keitel obsessives only .  
i thought harvey keitel  a young  fresh from the sex pistols john lydon  then as a bonus  the music by ennio morricone . i expected an old  school  edgy  italian cop thriller that was made in america . istead  i got a mishmash story that never made sense and a movie that left me saying wtf    too many unanswered questions  and not enough action . the result a potential cult classic got flushed down the toilet . keitel and lydon work well together  so maybe quentin tarantino can reunite these guys with better script . oh  and the morricone score ok  but not memorable .  br    br   overall  not a waste of time  but not a  must see   unless you are a hardcore keitel fan .  
tom brown  s schooldays  br    br   aspect ratio  .      br    br   sound format stereo  br    br   in late   th century england  young tom brown  alex pettyfer  is sent to the public school at rugby where he experiences the reforms of a radical new headmaster  stephen fry  and stands up to the school  s resident bully  flashman  joseph beattie  .  br    br   already the subject of numerous screen adaptations  most notably gordon parry  s superior     version  thomas hughes  evergreen novel gets the early   st century treatment  courtesy of screenwriter ashley pharoah  tv  s  where the heart is   and director david moore  the forsyte saga  . it  s pleasant enough  and watchable  but it  s also rather staid and dull  distinguished only by fry  s sincere performance as the new principal determined to sweep away some of the school  s most dubious  traditions   and by the introduction of a possible new star in   year old pettyfer  a talented kid with the kind of effortless charm and vivid good looks that should take him all the way to hollywood and beyond . otherwise  this is typical uk tv fodder  the kind of stuff favored by executives eager to fill the schedules with  prestige  product  even one as thoroughly unremarkable as this . the uk publication  radio times  described it as  daintily odd  and raised a querulous eyebrow over  all of that fagging and brutality and a handsome  rakish villain torturing the life out of sweet young boys  . quite .  
this tear  teaser  written by steve martin himself  is so unbelievably bad  it makes you sick to your stomach   br    br   the plot is pathetic  the acting awful  and the dialogue is even more predictable than the ending .  br    br   avoid at all costs   
this film is a flagrant rip  off of one of the best novels of all time  silas marner by george eliot .  br    br   the details of the film shown on imdb do give acknowledgement to the original authoress but i did not see this at the beginning of the film  only a credit at the end of it saying  suggested by the book silas marner  . suggested  it was nothing but a complete rip  off of all the essential elements of the story  br    br   a wronged and sad old man  an artisan  poor and lonely  has all his money stolen . one night a child wanders up to his door as her mother lies dying in the snow outside . the man takes her in and brings her up until one day the local squire  or rich politician here  demands to adopt the child . it is he who has fathered the child during an illicit affair years before . the battle then ensues as to who should have legal custody of the child .  br    br   in this and every other aspect of the film  the story is exactly the same . in only one can i find a difference . silas marner had epilepsy  but perhaps that would have strained the acting abilities of mr martin too far . on top of that he has his hair dyed in some carrot juice concoction  presumably to make him look younger  but actually making him look more the clown that he is   there is also the addition of meaningless jokes  that this offbeat comedian cannot resist bringing into the story which have no part in it and only detract from the profoundness of the story . like when the child cries in the courthouse declaring she can only be happy with the man who has fathered her all these years . this is conveyed in the film by the girl applying nasal decongestant to the bridge of her nose to make her tearful   br    br   i am surprised that legalities and integrity within the film industry permit such a film to be made . if i was a trustee of george eliot  s i would insist on reparation . if i was steve martin i would send the profits to that estate  or to the poor . at the very least it should be entitled silas marner  adapted by s martin . or better still removed from the archives   br    br   if you are interested in this story  and i hope you are  dismiss this completely and watch silas marner . or read the book  the bbc made an excellent adaptation of it in the      s .  
there is something kind of sad about seeing someone who is so good at doing something try to do something very different . . . and end up being mediocre . i was thinking about jordan playing baseball  but the same applies to steve martin .  br    br   this movie is reasonably well acted and directed  but the script is a stinker . martin did a great job adapting a classic story into a comedy in  roxanne   but this effort to bring a victorian drama to the contemporary scene smacks straight into a wall of implausibility . if you want to see an old story updated with some style  best to rent  great expectations  .  
just got back from a free screening and i  m very glad i didn  t pay to see this very sub  par film . the theater was full and the crowd was a mix of kids and adults . it seemed like it was just the kids who were laughing at all the slap  stick and fart jokes though  good god they loved to hit these poor mice in the crotch a lot   . the movie is pretty juvenile  unintelligent  predictable  and mostly annoying . the characters just seem to be thrown together to fill in empty space and the relationships between them all seemed very forced with no charm at all .  br    br   visually  the film is about average with nothing that really stands out . they did a decent job of mimicking the clay look from wallace and gromit  but other than that it  s very forgettable imagery .  br    br   although i was really bored throughout the whole film  i chuckled a couple times . it  s not an absolute failure  but i most definitely would not want to watch it again . if you  re a parent with kids  and you don  t care that your kids see mindless cheap  jokes  then feel free to take them to see it  but everyone else shouldn  t waste their money .  
a few months ago  i was involved in a debate with another imdb poster  hey  kmadden  about this film . the poster insisted that if i gave  flushed away  a chance  i would like it . based partially on that argument  i agreed to watch the film .  br    br    flushed away  has good intentions  at least on aardman  s part   but lacks the strength to pull it all together . its best asset is sewer rat  boat captain  rita  played by kate winselt   who  imo  should have been the movie  s main character instead of roddy  hugh jackman  . rita  s cool  tough  and interesting  while roddy spends much of his screen time sniveling .  br    br   one of the things that bothered me most about  fa  is the repetition of jokes that aren  t funny to begin with . when roddy gets hit in the crouch  the film makes sure he gets hit five more times immediately .  my name  s shocky   says one of rita  s brothers  who then electrocutes roddy at least three times . my tolerance for cheap gags that involve pain is at an all time low .  br    br   i won  t waste time griping about katzenberg  s kleptomaniac tendencies toward pixar  one similar film  s a coincidence  five  s a rip off .   but i will say i  m disappointed in aardman . they can do  and have done  so much better . try harder next time  guys .  
i wandered into this movie after watching the    minute  borat  tonight  and left quite disappointed . i was a huge fan of wallace and gromit  and routinely go to see animated films . that being said  i found myself nodding off and at one point nearly walked out  but stayed waiting for this film to get better . never happened .  br    br   the visuals are stunning and the voice work is top notch  especially in my opinion  that of kate winslet and ian mckellen  i had to remind myself a few times the bulbous headed lizard villain was gandalf and magneto  . the problem with this movie for me is it  s one of those animated features for the add  set . it registers after the fact as one zany slapstick routine after another  weighed down by a treacle filled plot that pulls out every stop in an attempt to convey an  important message .  it looks a lot like busted oscar bait for the animated category  and considering the way it  s scoring with critics  i wouldn  t be surprised if the academy gets it wrong and offers up its hardware . but if you  re looking for an enjoyable animated feature about rats  take my advice and wait for ratatouille .  
this movie is little more than poorly  made  fetish porn  and this is saying a lot considering the similar crap that was made in that era . this was recommended to me by friend as a  unique film experience .  he was right . i suppose he meant that as a joke . not disgusting  not even that shocking . just mediocre acting and poor attempts at shock art . a little bit of camp value  though i don  t believe the makers of this film intended this . and yes  as a previous reviewer mentioned  it  s sex with a guy in a bear suit . don  t spend a lot of money on this . try to borrow it  if you must see it . or contact me  i  d be happy to sell you my copy for half price .  br    br   i may have to see another of this particular director  s films  as he seems to have a certain following . but if it  s anything like this  i will again regret another  hours of my life gone forever .  
ok maybe a   year old like me was a little to old for this movie . its about this pampered rat  who lives in a palace . then a sewer rat flushes him down a toilet  he ends up in this rat city and meets this girl rat who has a gem a greedy frog wants . he will do anything for this gem he sends a whole army after these two rats . he plans to take the gem and to flood rat city  the cool part about this movie is the slugs . they do all the sound effects . they sing  make noises  its awesome  its also pretty funny . ok bottom line  it is aimed at  year olds . other wise  a great movie to take a younger family member to see . i didn  t think the animation was real dreamworks art though  more like wallace and gromit . i thinkthey slacked a little on that . the movie was just decent  not worth spending   .   for though  sorry .  
don  t understand how these animated movies keep coming out  and no matter how good  or bad  it is people love it .  br    br   i saw this movie with my two kids      . they like pretty much anything animated  like most people who rated this film  . the theater was almost full  and i looked forward to seeing the movie with its superb cast . to tell the truth i was bored silly . it was unbelievably predictable and just plain unfunny . there were a couple chuckles throughout the film and that was it . of course they tried time and time again to get the cheap laugh  but just didn  t work . my son almost always says to me that he wants the dvd after we see an animated movie  but not on this one . my daughter fell asleep half way through . also  the kids thought the character animation looked weird . i haven  t heard that from them since seeing the polar express  which gave my daughter nightmares .  br    br   trust me  i  m not the type who looks for the negative in everything . but quality is quality  and like so many animated movies they throw out there  it has very little .  
from the creators of shrek . . ok  that grabbed my attention .  br    br   well the creators of shrek also made madagascar . madagascar was half as good as shrek .  br    br   and now flushed away is half as good as madagascar .  br    br   that means flushed away isn  t good . the animation and all that special effects were extremely good but the movie wasn  t .  br    br   the story of this movie was only meant for kids . it  s seriously not possible for adults to actually love this flick .  br    br   but there were many jokes meant for adults . i bet kids dint understand the jokes .  br    br   despite that i dint like this flick .  br    br   i am completely disappointed .      
so don  t even think about renting this from the shops  because this is one hell of a bad movie . you  d think that jj abrahams had written this movie . basically  a rat is flushed down the toilet and somehow has to get back out . fans of the completely terrible  shrek  might enjoy  but  wallace  gromit  fans will probably turn away in disgust . also  why didn  t they do it in plasticine or clay  i mean  cgi animation   for an aardman movie     obviously  aardman lazed around while they let dreamworks do the whole thing . wrong  wrong  wrong    nearly every single character is awful  apart from that freaky frog guy  who is just right for a movie villain . but everything else about the movie is dull  dull  dull    i almost fell asleep with boredom watching this movie . no  wait  actually  i did fall asleep with boredom watching this movie . it  s just terrible . but thankfully  it  s not as bad as  shrek .   
let  s just say it in simple words so that even the makers of this film might have a chance to understand this is a very dumb film with an even dumber script  lame animation  and a story that  s about as original as thumbtacks . don  t bother   unless you need to find some way to entertain a group of mentally retarded adults or extremely slow children . they might laugh  especially if they  re off their meds . there  s a special kind of insult in a film this ridiculous   not only do the filmmakers apparently think that children are brainless idiots who can be entertained with claptrap that cost approximately zero effort  but they don  t even bother to break a sweat inserting a gag here and there that an adult might find amusing . this film  frankly  ticked me off royally . shame on you for stooping so low .  
oh if only i could give this rubbish less than one star  there were two mildly amusing parts in the whole film and that is it  one was where a line or two from the song don  t worry  be happy was sung by the slugs and the other was where roddy fell of the toilet roll and landed with his feet and legs apart so that everything else he landed on on the way down hit him in the groin . that is it there was nothing more amusing than that  at least not for me anyway  doctornappy  is not right in saying  fans of the completely terrible  shrek  might enjoy  but  wallace  gromit  fans will probably turn away in disgust .  as i loved shrek   and  and i also love wallace and gromit . you see what it boils down to is that if an animation is done extremely well then it is definitely worth watching  this however was about as far from done well as you can possibly get  the continuity mistakes were too big in number . some were pointed out by the makers of this site others were not . i won  t point out all of the others  but here are a few more to see when the young daughter leaves at the start of the film the catch to the cage door comes down and the hook part of it that is on the right clearly goes back around behind the round knob thus effectively making sure roddy would not be able to get out and yet he does just by simply kicking at it . at one point the ruby falls down roddy  s back and gets pushed straight up into the the air by rita all the while the ship is moving forwards . in the next scene roddy has caught it again . this is impossible . seeing as how the ship is moving forwards the only place when the ruby was ejected out from under the back of roddy  s shirt the only place it could have landed was in the water not in roddy  s hand . there was a third one i wanted to point out but for now i have forgotten it .  br    br   too many  for want of a better word   jokes  were repeated in one way or another  there was not enough time to establish any sort of connection with any of the characters  the characters were hollow  shallow and empty  and the whole film left you wanting . . . . wanting to watch   minutes of anything else  paint drying or grass growing are two superb options   
ultimately too silly and pointless . yes there is the gilded cage metaphor but probably most kids would miss that . forgettable . instantly .  br    br   animation is  as we have come to expect  super  real . the plot  line could best be described as thin but tenacious . although the ending seemed arbitrary to me .  br    br   the sewer underworld is a suitably disgusting reflection of the world above and  somehow  wealth and money seem to count for a lot there too . oh yes  and there  s a romantic interest with the female being the smarter  more savvy and go  getting of the pair  this in itself is rapidly becoming a tiresome  anti  stereotype . probably your kids will love it though .  
can anybody do good cgi films besides pixar  i mean really  animation looked antiquated by     standards and even by     toy story standards . or maybe they spent all their budget on hugh jackman . whatever their reasoning  the story truly did suck .  br    br   somehow  hugh jackman is a rat  a rat that is flushed down a toilet . yeah i know  seems stereotypical . but then the sewer mimicked the ways of london  to an extent . throw in a promise of jewels       and an evil     frog and you get a pathetic attempt at entertainment .  br    br   i would like to say something entertained me . maybe the hookup in the movie  or maybe the happily  ever  after rat relationship . but nothing did . it had the talent  but it blew up . d   
if your idea of entertainment is watching graphic footage of people being run over by cars  you get to see a woman passing under the front wheel  being twisted as the car passes over her before she goes under the back wheel   and they show it twice in case you missed it the first time  then this is the documentary for you . admitedly i didn  t watch any more of this very disturbing piece of voyeurism  but that was enough for me . maybe the rest is even better .  br    br   i wonder how long it  s going to take for television networks to start showing slush movies . perhaps game shows based on self  mutilation might be nice .  br    br   i already know that there are disturbed people in the world and that horrible things happen . i don  t need to see the proof on the tv masquerading as entertainment .  
  the cat  s meow  contains a few scenes that boast intelligent dialogue  and some fine performances  a few of which surprised me . eddie izzard is more effective than i expected as chaplin  partly thanks to an excellent hair and makeup job by some talented designer   joanna lumley is compelling as novelist elinor glyn and kirsten dunst is winning as marion davies  though why movies never use her real  life stutter is difficult to explain  . but these elements don  t add up to a successful whole . the screenwriter seems to have worked very hard on certain scenes   the meetings between davies and chaplin are particularly well crafted   but not so hard on the big picture . several minor characters don  t need to be there  and don  t behave consistently . the basic plot is full of illogic  e . g .  why does thomas ince think it  s a good idea to tell hearst something he really doesn  t want to hear    and the party scenes are repetitive and tiresome . i  d like to think a trip on hearst  s yacht was more fun than the movie indicates . davies is characterized as a standard bubbly flapper type  which isn  t really accurate  and the screenwriter  s ideas about chaplin and love are implausible .  br    br   strangely  bogdanovich  who seemed so connected to the thirties in  paper moon   lacks a similar affinity for the twenties . he insisted the excellent costume designer use only black and cream  which gives the party guests a very artificial look  and plays only the most stereotypical songs of the period  e . g .   yes  we have no bananas   . when hearst insists everybody  charleston  charleston   it looks as if the actors had a ten  minute dance lesson just before the scene was shot .  br    br   the lives of silent film stars can make fascinating movies  i  m sure  but not this time .  
this  and immoral tales  both left a bad taste in my mouth . it seems to me that borowczyk is disgusted by sex  and these two films are cautionary tales about what will happen if you do have sex . as a film  it  s not very well done   some of the acting is truly epically bad  such as the  american  woman with the french accent  . the young woman  s sudden flip  flop from being anxious about the marriage to being interested  when it seems like it should have been the other way around   and the aunt  s sudden realization of the young man  s secret don  t make sense   they  re not explained at all . i also didn  t like how the daughter  s relationship with a black man was presented as a sign of her family  s perversion or predilection for bestiality . the central idea  the idea that there  s this  sexy beast   if you will  that lives in the woods  could have been a foundation for a perverse but fun story  but instead is just used as a basis for a nasty  sex  negative  morality play .  
anything that might have been potentially interesting in this material is sunk in the first few seconds with a disclaimer that the events we  re about to see can  t ever be known and  this is the whisper rumor most often told  about one of hollywood  s most sensational  mysteries .   br    br   okay . so we  re not getting anything new  and e   s  mysteries  scandals  gives you a better foothold on the particular incident . . . and that  s not much of an endorsement  . what do we get   br    br   we learn that hollywood is a nest of viper  s and decadents . no big news there . more interesting we learn what a washed up director is willing to do to regain his position of power in the entertainment industry and  or political establishment . it raises the question of whether peter bogdanovich is speaking from his own experience through these characters . but what  s told is so cynical and ugly and muddled  we  re left feeling guilty for witnessing a bunch of hooey that passes itself off as history .  br    br   the tone of the film has a curious madcap quality that i found more irritating than fun . we  re not empathetic with anyone . and the great  citizen kane  polishes off the relationship between davies and hearts in a much more convincing way . in  the cat  s meow  we  re not ever sure of davies motives for being with hearst . as soon as we  re told one thing  she  s off doing the other .  br    br   and are we to believe that davies was the love of chaplain  s life  or is he just trying to cockold one of america  s most powerful   and apparently moronic   citizens . the film never makes it clear .  br    br   what is convincing are the production values . there  s a glorious recreation of the yacht and period costumes . i got more out of looking at the construction of some of the lapels on the men  s jackets than following a story that libels many of the the most well  known personalities in hollywood history . no one will remember that the screenplay is pure fiction . the disclaimers that frame the film only make it all the more tentative and unsatisfying .  br    br   the performers can  t be faulted  although meg tilly goes way past parody here . kirsten dunst never disappoints . she gives the most sincere performance in a sea of scenery chewing . only joanna lumley rises above the material  but so much so that she seems to be distancing herself from the whole enterprise rather than narrating it . one of her first lines is   i  m not here   and i  m sure she wishes she wasn  t .  br    br   this isn  t on par with bogdanovich  s trashy  so  bad  it  s  good  at long last love .  it  s perched on attempting something serious  but hesitates and stumbles chiefly because it  s so full of bitterness towards  the beast  named hollywood . this is  national enquirer  filmmaking . and it not only soils the names of those who the film places on board the oneida that weekend  but the audience gets pretty dirty as well .  
what happened to peter bogdanovich  once a brilliant director  a trail blazer . . . is now scraping the very bottom . . . is this the same man who directed  the last picture show   here  he takes a somewhat interesting  albeit farfetched  premise  and turns it into bubble gum that loses flavor the moment you take the first bite . . . dunst is not bad  but izzard is miscast as chaplin  and all the other actors seem to have been cast for their  looks   and not because they were right for the part . too bad . i  ll go rent  paper moon  again .  
kirsten dunst is terribly overrated as an actress . you can tell always she  s just  acting  . i like izzard though . plot is awfully boring . the viewer has no real connections to the characters  never knowing who to really sympathize with  or even care about . slow  dull movie  with some laughs  but few and not very funny anyway . plot is not engaging or suspenseful in the least . you can see each plot turn coming a mile away . what is this movie supposed to be  comedy  drama  who cares  you won  t by the end of this film .  
just because an event really happened doesn  t mean that it will make a good screenplay  movie . the cat  s meow  by peter bogdanovich claims to be based on actual events which happened on a cruise hosted by william randolph hurst . the writer paid more attention to creating a bizarre cast of characters than taking time to create a story for the bizarre characters to inhabit . the key moments of the story seem implausible for example  when hurst accidentally shoots the producer  believing him to be chaplin . basing a key element of a story on someone wearing the wrong hat is trite and contrived . the story attempts to be a dark comedy  but the cat  s meow misses an important piece of this equation  comedy . there is also a lack of empathy for any of the characters . it hardly matters who is shot  who is killed  who is guilty and who is innocent . there is not a strong character to cheer for . as a result the conflicts are difficult to care about and the eventual outcome is incidental .  
anyone who is a sucker for     s jazz      s dress  the charleston  and ultra  swanky yachts  e . g . me  on all counts  will want to like this movie . but the sad fact is that that  s all there is . the plot is banal and obvious  the acting mostly either awful or playing to the farcical side of the goings  on  and when the whole thing  s over there is not much left but the impression of mirrors and smoke . this is a beautifully made bad movie .  
 . . . is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that should be surefire scandal  sex  celebrity  power . kirsten dunst grins her way through her role as silent movie star marion davies like she thinks she  s in  legally blonde .  the guy who plays william randolph hearst overacts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and slap him . eddie izzard is pretty good  except that he  s playing charlie chaplin  and is about  oh     lbs too heavy for the part  hard to believe this hamfisted  uneven wreck was directed by peter bogdanovich  but then again  he hasn  t made a watchable movie in  what    years  sometimes  there  s just no coming back .  
after seeing this film i complained to my local cinema about the quality of the sound  track or whether the cinema sound system may be faulty . for at least the first half of the film it is extremely difficult to understand what anyone is saying because of the background    s music and the scratchiness of the sound  track . i was ready to blame the cinema equipment but not so  it was the director .  br    br   i was told the subject of my complaint was an essential part of the making of the film . the music and the sound was supposed to be distorted to create a very disturbing effect within the film . these days  directors will go to many lengths to make their film unique . unfortunately  no matter where or how you see that film the sound score will be the same .  br    br   so apart from the historical inaccuracies of this film  which you can find out for yourself elsewhere  the sound  track distortions are in themselves a good reason to give this film a miss . you will only hear the distorted scratchiness of the sound  track and certainly not a cat  s meow .  
i am appalled at how bad this film is . as a pastiche of early   th century hollywood artistes it sets a new low  even past the moderns or  gasp  cradle will rock  i never thought i  d see a film worse than those  . granted they were about a slightly different milieu  period . nevertheless the intents  results were distressingly similar .  br    br   first off there  s the horrible casting eddie izzard as chaplin  excuse me  peter  did you owe this guy something  jennifer tilly as loulla parsons   kirsten dunst as marion davies    holy smoke  these people don  t even begin to try to capture the look or sound of the period they are purportedly depicting .  br    br   well  last picture show was a decent film  but this thing is a disaster  the rest of bogdonovitch  s pics haven  t been much better . guess rubbing up against welles  hitch  ford wore off a long time ago . still good for hosting tcm though .  
what is supposed to be a simple generic mystery plot involving a dead philanthropist is  in fact  a head  ache inducing tale about a bunch of characters  the only big actor being ginger rogers  in a very early role  all trying to find the murderer among a small cast of residents in a posh apartment building . these characters range from utterly stupid to downright mean . as a cheap  low budget production  most of the action revolves around rogers and her lead man  some guy  i don  t care who he is  cause he really sucked  talking about their various possibilities of solving the crime  while being constantly cut off by an absurd detective with his head in his butt . honestly  i  ve never had a worse time watching an old b  rate movie of this type  and i  ve seen some real head  slappers .  br    br   oh  and the butler didn  t do it  because there wasn  t a butler . but pay attention to the guy who  s closest to a butler . there ya go .  br    br     polarisdib  
a very young ginger rogers trades quick quips and one liners with rival newspaper reporter lyle talbot in this     murder mystery from poverty row film maker allied productions . the movie opens with a wealthy businessman taking a header from the roof garden of a high rise apartment house  or was it from a lover  s apartment  rogers actually has two identities at the film  s outset  that of miss terry  the dead victim  s secretary  along with her newspaper byline of pat morgan . mistakenly phoning her story directly to ted rand  talbot  instead of her paper  s rewrite desk  she gets fired for her efforts when her boss learns he  s been out scooped .  br    br   here  s a puzzle  it  s revealed during police inspector russell  s  purnell pratt  investigation of harker  s death that terry  morgan had been employed as his secretary for three weeks . why exactly was that  after the fact it would make sense that she was there for a newspaper story  but before  clues are dropped regarding harker  s association with a known mobster conveniently living in the same apartment building  but again  that association isn  t relevant until it  s all linked up to janitor peterson  harvey clark  . and who  s making up all the calling cards with the serpent effecting a hsss  with the words  you will hear it  cut and pasted beneath  apparently  the hissing sound of a snake was the sound made by the apartment house  s radiator system  which peterson used to transmit a poisonous gas into the rooms of potential victims  such as mrs . coby in the apartment below harker . but in answer to a question posed to inspector russell about mrs . coby  s death  he replied  apparently  to the cause of strangulation .  br    br   it  s these rather conflicting plot points that made the movie somewhat unsatisfying for me . the revelation of janitor peterson as the bad guy of this piece comes under somewhat gruesome circumstances as we see him stuff the unconscious body of miss morgan in the building  s incinerator furnace  however  and score another point against continuity  we see miss morgan in a huge basement room as peterson ignites the furnace she made her getaway  but how  and still pretty as a picture . and who gets to make the collar off screen if none other than milquetoast police assistant wilfred  arthur hoyt   who in an opening scene fell over his own feet entering a room .  br    br   sorry  but for all those reviewers who found  a shriek in the night  to be a satisfying whodunit  i feel that any charlie chan film of the same era is a veritable  the usual suspects  by comparison . if you need a reason to see the film  it would be ginger rogers  but be advised  she doesn  t dance .  
this movie had a fairly good sounding plot  but the paste was very slow . . . very slow indeed . even if someone thinks this is a cult classic  i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched .  br    br   the cinematography is not excellent  but not the worst either . the sounds are ok . lighting ok .  br    br   i still wouldn  t recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film  student .  br    br   the movie does not contain music  and the horses having sex don  t make it a good one either . and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid .  br    br   no winnings here  skip this utter boredom . i  ve seen worse believe me  but this is just waste of time  and i don  t get the good reviews here . especially the high ratings . . .  
  rival reporters pat morgan  ginger rogers  and ted rand  lyle talbot  are always trying to out  scoop each other on stories . the latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment . the two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead   according to the dvd sleeve  s synopsis .  br    br   this said  to  be follow  up to  the thirteenth guest  has little to do with the earlier movie it is not a sequel  as has been inferred . ms . rogers continues to develop her skills . mr . talbot adds a little humor to his characterization . they are a pleasant team  the plot is interesting and mysterious but  the resulting film is very dull . the opening and closing are startling . a long  winded wrap  up of plot development points follows the climax .  br    br    a shriek in the night       albert ray  ginger rogers  lyle talbot  harvey clark  
this was a disappointment  none of the nuance of the original . the brits just seem to be able to make a truly unsettling film with none of the over  the  top histrionics of the american version . the original series combined both creepy stories and subtlety of performance with great attention to lighting and settings . i have watched the series many times and am still enthralled .  br    br   just another poor adaptation along the lines of the dreadful adaptation of  cracker  . get hooked up with bbc america or bbc canada and watch for such delights as waking the dead  spooks  silent witness  and judge john deed . watch the original touching evil  then look for  wire in the blood  for more of the truly understated  elegant performance of robson green . hollywood needs to have a look at this actor   
this movie was supposed to have depicted a  ladie  s man  bachelor who was ready and willing to settle down once and for all . however  i did not care for his mission to settle down  because i didn  t care for his character . i don  t understand what all of these beautiful women saw in him . he had absolutely no class  or charisma . he should  ve at least had a way about himself that made ladies weak in the knees other than his saxophone playing  but to no avail . just because he is a musician does not make him sexy . not to mention  the things he did to get the attention of a married woman he fell in love in a span of five minutes of knowing her were absolutely outrageous and ridiculous . does this man have any shame what  so  ever  had he tidied up  and stopped doing and saying stupid things he would have been more attractive as a character  but alas  his character was bland and boring .  br    br   gina gershon  s character was unnecessarily british . she could  ve just as easily been an uptight out  of  towner with her regular speaking voice than do a poor british accent that sometimes would fade through out the movie .  br    br   the only two characters i cared for were the fish and frog . now those two had chemistry  academy nominations for both stat  plot holes  lack of character development  horrible acting  unnecessary drama  clich moments . . . what a mess of a movie .  
let  s face it  romantic comedies are considered lightweight when compared with dramatic movies  just look at the academy award nominations each year  . but still  the good ones are truly an art form . look at  when harry met sally    sleepless in seattle   and classics like  roman holiday  and  it happened one night  . i like the good feeling of seeing two people destined to find happiness .  br    br   this movie attempts to construct something that resembles a romantic comedy . but no one believes the romance between the main characters  and there is nothing funny to make up for that major shortcoming . modine is way past being a leading man  especially a romantic lead . i  m sure as executive producer  he had the means  but not the good sense  to cast himself . and gershon . . . i see possibilities of some comedic talent  but she had no script and a poorly developed character . and whose idea was the english accent  pointless .  br    br   others have stated it  but i want to repeat this story is poorly conceived  poorly executed the actors are terribly miscast and the characters  well  we just don  t give a hoot about them .  br    br   an art form this ain  t . go rent  moonstruck  again .  
for the life of me i can  t understand the good reviews on this piece of crap . it was pointless . matthew modine was horribly miscast as a leading ladies man . gina gershon  well  others have said it  but i  ll reiterate  why the stupid accent  totally unnecessary . and her acting was just bad . i don  t know if she was thrown by the accent  or what . there was no chemistry between these two .  br    br   and the girl modine was in love with  suddenly she  s shoving half a head of lettuce in her mouth and acting in a goofy way  where did that come from  i think we were supposed to feel sorry for her as we saw her marriage to a workaholic begin to crumble  but frankly  i couldn  t care less about any of these people .  
this is one of those movies that appears on cable at like two in the afternoon to entertain bored housewives while they iron . the acting is second rate . poor mathew modine seems to sleepwalk through the whole film . and god help gina gershon . her accent is too over the top . it sounds nothing like an true english woman . it sounds forced and phony  much like her acting . she should stick to what she does best  lesbian showgirl con  artist who plays in a rock  roll band and has a drug problem . the other characters are no better . they are two dimensional . empty  vapid and silly . how are we to supposed to care about these people . at one point christy scott cashman get  s lost in central park . really  it  s not that hard to navigate central park . just follow any path out . not only did i not care about any of the characters  i downright hated them . the only reason i even stayed with this train  wreck of a film was fisher stevens . even his brilliant humor couldn  t save this dying fish . each scene is typical romantic comedy fare and nothing is left to surprise us . the script was awful as was the acting . if you catch this fish throw it back   
i just saw this film last night in the     tribeca film festival and it seriously makes me wonder if the folks at the festival actually screen the films before selecting them . the film was simply awful  i say that without hyperbole or ulterior motives  it was awful . matthew modine  s days as a leading man are way over . gina gershon sported an inexplicable and unnecessary english accent  she should be ashamed of her participation in this film . gloria reuben had a weird little cameo in it  she should also be ashamed . the script was terrible and the we were given absolutely no reason to care about the characters . i highly doubt this will be picked up  but then again  people in hollywood are known to make mistakes sometimes . i really think  kettle of fish  is a serious contender for the worst movie i  ve ever seen .  
worst movie ever made    please see the real movie reviews from the pros on this movie . check rotten tomatoes on the web for some good independent reviews on this film . the comments made on this site are apparently from folks with some financial interest in this film . i find the positive comments very misleading . i find it amazing how the negative comments are so bad against this movie and the positive comments sound like an academy awards speech . don  t waste your hard earned money       this film is retarded   i can  t believe a film like this would ever be made . why would hollywood waste their time on such junk  this film is an attempt at nothing . i ask myself what looser would actually sink their money producing such trash . i went to blockbuster and the attendant even told us not to waste our time or money . i didn  t listen and i did waste my time and cash . please don  t make the same mistake  it really is the  worst movie ever made    
i  m a fan of matthew modine  but this film   which i stumbled upon on cable   is absolutely witless . i see that the screenwriter and director were one and the same  so there was no one around to check her worst instincts . there are no surprises  no original lines  and no original characters . the goldfish was basically the most sympathetic character . what a waste of all this acting talent . given how expensive it is to film in new york these days  i have to wonder how this got made in the first place . and if you  re wondering why i watched it at all  it came on after a film that i like on cable and i left it on while i worked at the computer . it  s not a very demanding picture   
well  you  d better if you plan on sitting through this amateurish  bland  and pokey flick about a middle  aged widowed mom who has a little more in common with her young adult or old teen daughter than she would like . set in tunis  mom piddles around the flat  gets antsy  and decides  albeit reluctantly  she just can  t help herself   to don the costume and dance in a local cabaret . meanwhile her daughter is taking dancing lessons . the common denominator is a tunisian band drummer . this film is so full of filler i watched the dvd at x  and read the subtitles  fast forwarding through much of the very ordinary dancing and loooong shots of walking  they walk everywhere  and more walking and just plain dawdling at x  just to get though this boring  uneventful  low budget flick which some how garnered some pretty good critical plaudits . go figure .  c    
another variation and improvisation on the famous and beloved children tale  la bete       aka the beast tries to imagine  in very graphic and what may seem offensive and disturbing but in reality rather silly and comical way   what actually happened between beauty and the beast  i am amused by many reviews and comments that seem to look too deeply into this movie . i would not go so far as saying that it is a serious and dark exploration of such subjects as sexual frustration  longing  fulfillment  or satirical criticizing of the catholic religion . i would not even call it a horror  erotic movie . it  s more of the parody on all genres it touches or mentions even though it  s got some shocking moments in all departments that sure will stay in your memory .  br    br   the long  way too long  scene between an aristocratic young woman and the supposedly horrifying but the most laughable i  ve ever seen in the movies creature with truly impressive . . . well anatomy  is set to the clavichord music of scarlatti and is hysterical . my husband and i both laughed out loud at the exaggerated details of the encounter . the moral of the scene is  beauty can and will defeat the monster . the question is  who is the target audience for the film  for an erotic picture  it is too verbose for an art movie  it  s got too many jaw  dropping scenes of sheer madness and i  d say an abrupt ending . imo  the film creator did not mean for it to be a serious drama . as a parody of art house  horror  erotica  it is funny and certainly original . have a good laugh and try not to look for some deep meaning . this story of the curious beauties and the lustful beasts certainly is not recommended for co  viewing with the children . the opening scene that may shock an unprepared viewer much more than the infamous scene of bestiality can be successfully used on discovery channel for the program like  in the world of animals  mating habits and rituals of horses  .  
if you haven  t figured out what is going to happen in this film in the first five minutes then give it a couple more minutes . lilia is a widow . she has been left on the shelf for too long and she wants to burst out . she has a teenage daughter which only highlights that she is not getting any younger . while checking up on her daughter she discovers a world she never dared . . . the cabaret  where she can belly dance in skimpy sequined outfits while men throw money at her . the film is very misogamist . it  s portrayal of men is dismal . which is rather odd as lilia stoops to jiggle around for them  not for money  but just for the hell of it . when she succeeds in arousing them it makes her feel like a woman again . she does not wish to connect with them but she is addicted to the attention . the other dancers all are mostly aging women who look like men in drag and realize their time in the spotlight is short  lived . not short enough i say . she does find romance  however brief  with you guessed it . . . . no surprises here we didn  t see coming . though the ending is good you realize that it could have ended no other way . maybe this film just isn  t targeting my demographic    male  
just saw a pre  screening tonight . what can i say  it lived up to it  s mediocre trailer run  though that  s saying nothing at all . it did absolutely nothing that any movie before it hasn  t done  and it played out in such a clich fashion that eventually i got to the point where i stopped laughing only because i was laughing with the audience  and instead let the humorless movie play out .  br    br   so let  s see . . . we have the less  than  spectacular main character that is trying to get back with his ex  girlfriend but he  s not good enough for her  check . we have the three buddies that all have their own  personality  with one being the best friend who tries to get with the main girl character  s best friend but is constantly rejected  another friend being the super awkward one that can  t live down seeing the positive in everything     and is thrown in for the one  liners  which in this case is just a bunch of movie references  specifically from disney   and the third guy whose name you won  t ever remember but is there to complete the square and throw in consoling messages to whomever will care to listen . . . check . we have the girl  s ex  boyfriend and her parents   block the relationship at any possible means when things are looking up  not to mention the awkward family members from the main character  s side . . . check . we have the downer period an hour into the movie where everyone is depressed  check . we have the movie  s  funny  moments come from incessant swearing  people falling down or being hit  scenes from the trailer  and homosexual innuendos . . . check . and dare i call it a spoiler  but we have an ending that unfolds exactly as one thought that it would unfold before even seeing the movie . . . check .  br    br   honestly  this could have . . . no  wait . . . should have been a pg    movie . all that needed to be dropped were any f  bombs . honestly  it would have gotten much more publicity from the crowd that enjoys this kind of humor  would have gotten less media exposure  and thusly would have not been disliked as much from people like myself who should try and hold it up higher to the recent r  rated comedies like superbad and knocked up . the humor in this movie is just so awkward that it doesn  t fit in with what general people look for . i bet even the actors were often times unsettled with some of the dialogue and action they had to deliver on camera . let  s put it this way . . . in the theater  it will help you laugh because it  s on the big screen and others are laughing . when this movie hits showtime and you  re checking it out at     pm on an off  day  you may be inclined to change the channel . the only thing that will keep you watching is alice eve  s hotness  who is not quite a    but still very good looking  .  br    br   aside from the main resolution  this film kicked a lot of subplots to the side of the curb and seemed to forget to write more story that they tried to develop in the beginning of the movie  where everything else pretty much flies out the window . so there is a main resolution  but what comes of it  it  s never really clear  cut  nor does it allow the ending to be  feel  good  with the abruptness .  br    br   there was only one thing worth nothing in this movie  and that was the good soundtrack . aside from the nice choice of    s alternative rock songs  there was a nice upbeat score that would play in some parts of the movie  more so the beginning of it  that reminds me of something david holmes would mix up  compose . i  ll give them props for a great choice of sound .  br    br   one last thing  this movie was probably filmed sometime late last summer  because the inadvertent yet proud pepsi sponsorship showed the yellow bottle caps that they had during that rock band promotion . i just figured a lot of rock band gamers would catch onto that one if you saw it . but i say hold onto your money . if this was pg    and you were   years old on a friday night with a group of friends  i  d say knock yourselves out . otherwise  definitely pass . it doesn  t try and compete with the r  rated movies of the past few years  and ideally it definitely isn  t as good .  
this movie probably had some potential for something my bewilderment is how these utterly prosaic unfunny themes keep making it to theaters  it  s as if ideas are being recycled just because generations are . truly the decerebrate oafs behind most films are like dogs  they return to ingest their own vomit . well  they  re   bucks richer now because of me . this was not at all imaginative  there was no redeeming moment  anything remotely funny was shown in the trailer  and nothing amusing was in the trailer   performances were strained  especially molly  s  totally unconvincing  . what was theoretically supposed to be some comic relief was the homoerotic friend with a penchant for disney films none of his analogies hit home  his little moral speeches were flat  i was literally waiting for them to go on to say something meaningful  only to find out he was done . the so  called  hard    is the most insipid plastic creature there is  apart from having a horse  like face with a weird smile   i honestly found her friend patty  referred to as the hamburglar  to be much better looking than her . but then again  gentlemen prefer brunettes   well  anyway  the whole premise is that society is superficial and if love is true it transcends all social facades the way they showed this  with a dude shaving another  s scrotum and the million  times  mutilated  and  beaten  to  death  horse premature ejaculation routine  with obvious allusions to american pie and happiness  the latter in the disgusting scene denouement involving the family dog  . i feel as if the movie was like adjoining ridiculous jokes into an unformed wretched ball of raw sewage . goes to show marketing can push anything out there  shine whatever fetid mass and call it gold  people will come  worked for me  . done with tirade .  
i thought that this movies was a letdown i expected it to be so much better than it was . i am so glad i didn  t pay to see this movie and that i didn  t sit in a movie theater for this one . where to begin on this movie  the acting in this movie was average  the humor was terrible and just the overall storyline of this movie wasn  t special . i thought that this movie was suppose to be great  but it wasn  t more than a cheesy waste of time . i think that the acting in this movie was terrible no of the actors in this movie had chemistry  it just wasn  t there . i think that if maybe we had a different actor play kirk than jay baruchel it might have been better but the entire time i watched this movie he looked high and i didn  t get the feeling that he wasn  t acting in this movie . now  alice eve did a great job as an actress but  there was no chemistry between her and jay . all the actors in this movie were no names and had very little affect in this movie . the humor in this movie was not funny at all  there were a few one liners in this movie that were ok but nothing worth saying to your friends that they would understand . i think that jim field smith had a hard time with this because he couldn  t decide if he wanted a romance or a comedy . i honestly think he needs to stick with the burger king commercials . i think that this movie could have been better if the writers would have gone to a different director . the storyline of this movie is just like every other hot girl just ok guy love storyboring i think that it would have been better if it had more originality  but what a letdown nothing . i honesty would not recommend anyone go see this movie . i think that you would have more entertainment at the dentist than at this movie . so save yourself the agony and just don  t see it .  
the characters at depth  less rip offs . you  ve seen all the characters in other movies  i promise . the script tries to be edgy and obnoxious but fails miserably . it throws in some hangover meets superbad comedy but the jokes are way out of left field  completely forced  and are disreguarded almost completely after they are cracked . the hot chick is old and has no personality  shes just some early thirties blonde chick with a few wise ass non  underwear wearing jokes who is less than endearing . the attraction between molly  the hot chick  and kirk  the dorky love interest  is barely communicated . the attraction in no where to be found its a completely platonic relationship until they awkward and predictable seat belt  mishap kiss occurs . afer this they are in a full on relationship and its just incredibly lame . the main focus of this movie is not the relationship  but a failed attempt at making a raunchy super  bad  esquire movie with a semi appealing plot . i could compare this to the hangover  in its forced nature . i wont get into that . i could keep going but its just pointless . just don  t pay to see this movie .  
big bad ralph is also on the not so squeazy truck commercials  and can be found at numerous brothels around melbourne any given night .  br    br   terrible film by the way  wasn  t shocking just bad  uninteresting  br    br   the main guy was in charge of the metal section on countdown  and was the lead bouncer at a gay night club in melbourne .  br    br   i dunno who the women where  probably pros  s that ralph knew   br    br   no story of interest  its one of those fast forward jobs  br    br   please look up big bad ralph at brothels around melbourne  br    br   hes famous in them .  br    br   i wish i could give     but ill give it  . only cos i cant give   
first up this film  according to the slick said it won  best film  at  worldfest  film festival in houston  texas . hmmm must have been a quiet year .  br    br   wouldn  t call this the worst film ever but it certainly sucks  is pretty much just as terrible as other aussie b grader  body melt   but at least that film didn  t look like it was shot on hi  video .  br    br   my guess is the film makers  watched a lot of troma films  and really bad b grade gore films  thinking that they too could crack into the business releasing this film .  br    br   don  t get me wrong  i love really low grade films  just the fact that some of the characters put on fake american accents  almost as if doing so would give them more chance to sell it in the states or something . really disappointing ending as well  the showdown could have been way more exciting  and some good fight scenes . you can completely see that the film makers are trying to copy  bad taste  with the whole  car explosion  rocket launcher  and endless amount of people being gunned down  yet the finale lacks any over the top humour  or style like  bad taste  .  br    br   if you like watching really bad gore films  or are interested in no  budget film making  watch it  otherwise stay away .  
i didnt think it was possible  but i have found film worse than  body melt  . this film is really really bad  and what makes it worse is that its another australian film . . .  br    br   shot on what looks like vhs  and with a terrible    s rock soundtrack  it just keep getting worse and worse  which is hard to believe seeing how bad the beginning is  skinned male hanging up  side  down in a white tomato sauce sprayed room anyone   .  br    br   and why do their accents keep changing  from bad new york drawl  to prissy english  then pure aussie  and it happens to the whole cast   br    br   this film also claims to have won some film festival on the cover  i believe it was the utah film festival  . this has to be a lie because no  one in their right mind would nominate this for anything  perhaps the golden rasberries but i thinks its too bad for that aswell  .  br    br   come on guys  this film has to be number  on the bottom       it has to be ten times a bad as those films already on there .  br    br   well done to the  film  makers of this trash  for proving there is a reason not to see films . . . . .      
at first glance  this movie has got everything a psycho wants a vampire story with a  not under    restriction  filled with hyper  violence  drugs  gore  sex  including lesbian sex   some fanatics zealots and even a gay necrophiliac cop  but then  this movie is a succession of bad story  so thin   bad acting  with a ridiculous english accent making you believe you  re watching a bad monty python   bad music     s hard rock   the videotaping is awful  the ending is a real shame . . . plus the scenes of sex are ridiculous  the gore not very impressive . and those vampires reflect in a mirror  and don  t even fear daylight  you get to be very disappointed  unless you see it as a  space mutiny  or  troll   . i hope bloodlust will one day reach the bottom     because that  s its real place .  br    br   i  d say it can still be fun to watch  if you have friends and enough beer .  br    br        
i don  t know if the problem i had with this movie is that i was not able to capture the way movies were done in the past but i believe that this one did not miss to make use of any of the the fashionable conventions available in the   s to make a film . if you don  t have anything better to do my advise is not to watch this movie but to read a book or to go out for a walk .  
walerian borowczyks la bete       was obviously received in different ways some were appalled  some were shocked others applauded the courage . i however am completely untouched  bored and cannot stop asking myself why the display of incoherent  inconsistent images which vaguely orbit around a central theme are considered an intellectual journey .  br    br   what was this movie actually about  growing sexuality in a woman  i  ve seen great films on this subject  but this is not one of them . how can one attempt to portray a growing sexuality in a girl without at least trying to characterize her as a person not only as a narrative device to dream  in the nude  of beasts . where there are no characters  there is no character study . the woman persecuted by the beast was not adolescent  the girl having sex with the black butler  is he also characterized as a beast   has a very grown up attitude to sexuality  so where is the consistency  is it a movie about religion  if yes we would need a bit more thematic material than a priest without function  character and charisma  but with a strong desire towards two young boys .  br    br   is it about bestiality  the metaphoric feel of the movie forbids any realistic examination of bestiality  especially as realistic examination requires realistic characters . so no real bestiality here . some mythic beast and two priests talking to each other about the sin of bestiality . enough for a college essay on the topic  i don  t think so .  br    br   is it about sex  is it about anything  i don  t know . i only know that showing a fired gun doesn  t make a film a war movie . dealing with a topic must mean more than displaying its own associations with the theme .  br    br   so look across the controversy . don  t be scared by the bestiality  nudity  ejaculations  masturbation and stuff . i am not . look at it as you look at any other story and you might discover that this is a poorly made  poorly edited  poorly acted  really poorly written  okay  some pictures are quite nice  and the main character is a really good looking girl  cerebral masturbation of a director who thinks beating around the bush in a hypnotic slow manner will make a story intelligent . it doesn  t . it makes it boring .  
this is the most depressing film i have ever seen . i first saw it as a child and even thinking about it now really upsets me . i know it was set in a time when life was hard and i know these people were poor and the crops were vital . yes  i get all that . what i find hard to take is i can  t remember one single light moment in the entire film . maybe it was true to life  i don  t know . i  m quite sure the acting was top notch and the direction and quality of filming etc etc was wonderful and i know that every film can  t have a happy ending but as a family film it is dire in my opinion .  br    br   i wouldn  t recommend it to anyone who wants to be entertained by a film . i can  t stress enough how this film affected me as a child . i was talking about it recently and all the sad memories came flooding back . i think it would have all but the heartless reaching for the prozac .  
gregory peck  s acting was excellent  as one would expect  and the cinematography quite stunning even when playing directly into some melodramatic  moment .  but  the rest of the film was overacted and hard to watch  for me anyway . i tried to like it  but had to fast  forward through the last thirty minutes or so . i feel i wasted a couple of good hours . had it not been for gregory peck  i wouldn  t have lasted fifteen minutes .     .  
the only way this is a family drama is if parents explain everything wrong with its message .  br    br   spoiler they feed a deer for a year and then kill it for eating their food after killing its mother and at first pontificating about taking responsibility for their actions . they blame bears and deer for  misbehaving  by eating while they take no responsibility to use adequate locks and fences or even learn to shoot instead of twice maiming animals and letting them linger .  
  ally mcbeal  was a decent enough show  but it was very overrated . the characters become boring after a while and the jokes begin to fall short .  br    br   i think it chose an appropriate point in time to leave  it was starting to outstay its welcome .  
what the hell is this   kooky drama    lawyers in loony tunes land   the world  s thinnest  most duck  faced actress  even more duck  faced and anorexic than michelle pfeiffer  overacts her bony butt off  making cretinous grimaces that would shame bugs bunny  in one of the most animated non  animated tv series ever . this is also the most annoying one  hour  format tv show ever  hence the worst .  br    br   all the men act like pansies  and i for one refuse to believe that even hip big  city shysters are all as delta  male  like as this sorry  short  bunch . wuss peter macnicol manages to be even more irritating than calista flockofducks with his fake hollywood  shshshs  speech impediment it  s the sort of pseudo  inability to pronounce the letter  s  by turning it into a moronic  sh  that the likes of jon shtewart and christian shlater also practice with zeal . watching macnicol talk  i always wonder how come his jaw doesn  t dislocate . . . human facial anatomy was never meant to support the pronouncing of the  sh  sound more than three times per second . he is a medical wonder .  br    br   this badly conceived and written legal  drama  comedy hodgepodge also features some very   s pc . it has political correctness written with huge  neon letters . is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of lawyers being full of ideals  high principles  and moral fiber  laughable  but that  s the way defense lawyers have been portrayed in hollywood since its inception . after all  what is more noble than defending a murderer  a rapist  or a thief  when a tv series as retarded as  ally mcbeak  starts preaching to america about how it should run the country  then it must be time for paris hilton to become president .  ally mcquack  is both a product of recent and large  scale western dumbing  down and a perpetrator of it .  br    br   those supposed touches of  eccentricity   like the unbelievably annoying musical numbers  are unconvincing and embarrassingly unfunny . this is no monty python . whatever  new  the talent  free makers of this garbage were aiming for  they failed with honours .  ally mcbeak  is a highly commercialized tv venture aimed at indiscriminating yuppies  bored housewives  and bipolar lawyers . it  s yet another dull  objection overruled sustained your honour may i call the witness  legalistic baloney that the american audiences seem to eat up with relish for some strange reason . . .  
mmm  doesn  t a big stack of pancakes sound good  maple syrup and fruit preserves on top . take a bite . mmmmmmm . take another bite . another . another . eat . eat it  you    keep shoveling it down your throat until your face turns green with nausea . you have just had the ally mcbeal experience .  br    br   i stumbled on this show in the winter of    and was instantly hooked . like that stack of pancakes  i gorged myself on it . but the enjoyment soon wore off  because the ally mcbeal character  whom we see to be cute  endearing at first sight  soon becomes the most annoying  insecure  whining complainer you  ve ever met .  call me a feminist  but i prefer my female leads to have a spine .  the gags  gimmicks of the show also become hackneyed  the music of vonda shepherd  which is really shoved in your face  becomes grating  and the incessant character changes  rewrites make the show into a damn soap opera .  br    br   my advice to you is to take this show in small doses  and quit as soon as it becomes bothersome  and it will  . i made it through  .  seasons before my enjoyment had totally soured . it was good while it lasted  but like a crazy  neurotic ex  girlfriend it just turned ugly after it had overstayed its welcome .  br    br   and next time you go to ihop  skip the pancakes . order something healthy like the fruit cup . it  ll sit with you much better .  
i think this is almost all i need to say . i feel obliged to explain my actions though . i  ve basically never seen such an armateur production  and i mean that in all senses of the word . although the physical camera work  boom mic operation and other technical aspects of this film are laughable  unfortunately its not the only areas .  br    br   unlike some classic independent films that have been saved by their scripts great characterization and plot  this unfortunately has an awful script  awful acting and worst of all  awful annoying characters .  br    br   it  s a crime that for the every independent film that gets  distribution like haiku tunnel  there  s a    other indie films that died silent deaths . i don  t know who the kornbluth brothers know at sony  but that can be my only explanation as to how this amateur family production ever got distribution . i  m quite bemused as to why they picked this up .  br    br   the only part of this film that holds out any intrigue is its title . however  the reason for that is even a let down . i hope this review will save a few people that may be intrigued by this films title from going to watch it . i  ve seen a lot of films in my time  and i  m very forgiving when in the cinema  but this was too much . i  ll never forget  tunnel   for marking an important point in my life experience of cinema . shame it  s such a low point .  br    br    
i think this is almost all i need to say . i feel obliged to explain my actions though . i  ve basically never seen such an armature production  and i mean that in all senses of the word . although he physical camera work  boom mic operation and other technical aspects of this film are laughable  unfortunately its not the only areas .  br    br   unlike some classic independent films that have been saved by their scripts great characterization and plot  this unfortunately has an awful script  awful acting and worst of all  awful annoying characters .  br    br   it  s a crime that for the every independent film that gets  distribution like haiku tunnel  there  s a    other indie films that died silent deaths . i don  t know who the kornbluth brothers know at sony  but that can be my only explanation as to how this amateur family production ever got distribution . i  m quite bemused as to why they picked this up .  br    br   the only part of this film that holds out any intrigue is its title . however  the reason for that is even a let down . i hope this review will save a few people that may be intrigued by this films title from going to watch it . i  ve seen a lot of films in my time  and i  m very forgiving when in the cinema  but this was too much . i  ll never forget  tunnel   for marking an important point in my life experience of cinema . shame it  s such a low point .  
really  when it comes down to it  this movie is just not funny . josh kornbluth is the antithesis of funny  and yet he thinks he  s hilarious . the plot about mailing the   letters was fine at first  until josh  s  look at me  i  m wacky  approach began infesting each and every scene . the judas priest joke may have been the least funny thing i have ever been privy to  and that is saying quite a bit  since it does have stiff competition from all the other jokes in the movie . and as for the incredible overuse of the pixies   debaser   i have just one thing to say what did the pixies ever do to deserve a fate like this  what did anyone do to josh kornbluth to cause him to write  direct  produce  star in such a terrible movie   
my wife and i rented this movie because some people had drawn parallels between it and  office space  . blockbuster and imdb even had it as an  also recommended  selection if you liked  office space  .  br    br   now  i  ve seen office space probably   or   times . i love it . it  s probably one of my   favorite movies . witty  humorous  and featuring characters that remind me of people i  ve worked with over the years .  haiku tunnel  is similar to  office space  in that they are both films . that  s where the similarity ends . we sat through probably the first   minutes of ht  giving it the benefit of the doubt  hoping  nay  praying that it would get better . it didn  t . we couldn  t take it any more  and stopped the tape . thank god it was a free rental . i  d have been ped if we  d actually paid for it . we should be reimbursed for having to sit through it . now  since we didn  t see the end  perhaps it miraculously comes together and redeems itself . i doubt it .  br    br   haiku tunnel is so bad it  s hard to believe it ever got produced . the movie is so unfunny it  s painful . just mail the friggin letters already    the premise is asinine . the jokes are awful . we got as far as the  printer doesn  t work  scene and had to stop . we couldn  t take it anymore . this film is an embarrasment for josh kornbluth .  br    br   if you are a fan of office space . . . . . . don  t waste your time with this turd .      
nope  i am just not going to get with it here . i refuse to go along with the program . don  t you supposed that perhaps this movie is just a tad over  rated  look at the reader comments and their star ratings most are          or better . i think this is an instance when the ratings may say more about the people rendering them than the movie itself  which is unique . how many other sex fantasies about simulated bestiality complete with horse couplings have become mainstream hits as catalog dvd titles  i watched this movie with a pervading sense of anticipation  expecting fireworks  and instead got someone popping a gucci shopping bag . it looked great  but once the thrill had been spent even the twist ending didn  t do much to save it .  br    br   the film  s background story says it all director films about   minutes of borderline hardcore fake bestial sex for another movie  is informed the footage will not be appropriate  sets it aside  waits two or three years for a smattering of critical acclaim to build up  then constructs an entire feature around that   minutes  filming roughly   minutes of otherwise unrelated  excruciatingly boring footage and inserting the   minute chunk in as a dream sequence . that the   minutes of film in question is strikingly odd  original and shocking in a deliberate  calculated manner goes without saying . but we aren  t here to evaluate that   minutes alone  we must consider the entire film  and ask ourselves why people are so enthusiastic about the movie  or are they just enamored by it  s background story and history of having been banned by people who were stupid enough to be offended by it   br    br   perhaps it is an anti  clerical agenda that appeals to them . hating the western religions of catholicism and christianity is one of the few remaining socially acceptable bastions of intolerance   just today it was revealed that the bbc routinely skews their broadcasts with anti christian  anti western sentiment in the furtherance of political correctness . you can say anything you want about the bible  pedopheliac priests  the institutionalized cruelty of the church  and how much white men and their inhuman religions suck the dimpled skin off a golf ball . . . but say one negative thing about non  westernized religions  and you are toast . this movie was tailor made for such a sentiment  with a wrinkly old dried up priest who has an entirely unwholesome on screen relationship with two pretty   year old french boys complete with inappropriate touching  fawning  fondling  fumbling  groping  and patting of the backsides . ewww .  br    br   and then there is the horse couplings  photographed in such fetishistic closeup detail that portions of the film could be used as visual aids for a biology class on animal husbandry . yes i understand the thematic relevance of the imagery   large animal phallus  s with a wealth of reproductive fluids just waiting to be unleashed like fire extinguishers   but if i wanted to watch horses  you know  do it  i would like go live on a farm . having their genitals in my face is about as entertaining as watching someone use a bathroom .  br    br   is this movie just a sort of artsy diversion for social deviants  probably  though i will grant the artistic execution of most of it  filmed in a kind of arty euro detail that even has a dappled forest pond right out of a monet painting  complete with a spanning arched bridge . and the ending  which even i managed to be surprised by  does sort of wrap it all up into a neat if distasteful package . but you have to remember that there are certain things that cannot be deconstructed for their design elements and many artists are guilty for exploiting them in their work to lend a sort of gravitas that would not have been achieved without it . that isn  t fair  and even clint eastwood has fallen prey to the urge with his new movie about iwo jima . whether or not his film is any good stands as a separate consideration from whether or not that battle was a noble cause fought by men who were heroes . the problem is that most people will not be able to separate out the two aspects of the movie and will be lining up to give it oscars because of it  s noble message   not because it is a particularly good or original movie .  br    br   while it may seem like an odd parallel  i see one with the beast how can anyone not see the basic beauty of nature in the sight of two horses mating  and who cannot see the logical culmination of the repressed sexuality from fairy tales in the film  s explosive set  piece where beauty and the beast finally do the nasty  somehow i managed to miss both points  and am delighted that i have seen this film so that i can trash it as being what it really is   minutes or so of eye opening over the top adult fairy tale imagery surrounded by   minutes of skull drainingly boring artsy  fartsy euro trash dreck about some guy getting a haircut  and a great ending . it  s art for sure  but it sucks hard .  br    br        
office work  especially in this era of computers  multi  functional copy machines  e  mail  voice mail  snail mail and temps   is territory ripe with satirical possibilities  a vein previously tapped in such films as clockwatchers  and office space   and very successfully . this latest addition to the temp  humor pool  however  haiku tunnel   directed by josh kornbluth and jacob kornbluth  fails to live up to it  s predecessors  and leaves the laughs somewhere outside the door  waiting for a chance to sneak in . unfortunately for the audience  that chance never comes so what you get is a nice try  but as the man once said  no cigar .  br    br   as the narrator  star of the film  josh kornbluth  playing josh kornbluth   points out in the opening frames  in a monologue delivered directly into the camera   this story is pure fiction  and takes place in the fictional city of san franc  l  isco .  it  s an innovative  if not very imaginatively presented disclaimer  and not all that funny . it is  however  a harbinger of what is to follow  all of which   like the disclaimer   just isn  t all that funny .  br    br   kornbluth plays kornbluth  an aspiring novelist who supports himself working as a temp .  it  s a job that suits him  and it gives him time to slip in some work on his novel from time to time . but when he goes to work for a lawyer  bob shelby  warren keith   he does too good a job on the first day  and shelby dispatches head secretary marlina d  amore  helen shumaker  to kornbluth to persuade him to go perm .  the thought of working full time for the same company  though  initially strikes fear in the heart of kornbluth  but he caves in and signs on for the position . he  s nervous about it  but at least now the other secretaries acknowledge his presence  which  of course  they would never do with a temp   and if things get too rough  he has seventeen important letters he  s typed up   that now just have to be mailed out   to fall back on  he  s been holding them back because the mailing is the easy part  and he needs that something easy to do  in reserve  in case it all gets to be too much for him  . these are important  letters  however  and by the end of the week  kornbluth still has them in reserve  on his desk . and it doesn  t take a genius to figure out that when shelby finds out about it  kornbluth  s days as the fair  haired boy are going to be over . and quick .  br    br   the brothers kornbluth  who not only directed  but along with john bellucci also wrote the screenplay for this film  should have taken a page out of the ben stiller book of comedy  where it says if you play it straight  they will laugh .  but  they didn  t  and the audience won  t . because in comedy  even looking at it as objectively as possible  when the main character  as well as most of the supporting characters  in this case  plays  funny   as in  he knows  he  s being funny   he never is . and that  s exactly what kornbluth does here so rather than being funny   he comes across as insincere and pretentious  a grievous error in judgment on the part of the kornbluths  because by allowing it  they sabotaged their own movie .  br    br   in trying to discern exactly why this movie doesn  t work  it comes down to two basic reasons the directing  which   if not necessarily bad    is at least careless and secondly  the performances  beginning with that of josh kornbluth . quite simply  kornbluth just seems too impressed with himself to be effective here . unlike stiller  or even steve martin   both of whom use self  deprecating humor very effectively   kornbluth apparently has an ego that simply will not allow putting himself in that light he seems to have a need to let his audience know that he  the real kornbluth  is in reality much more clever than kornbluth the character . and being unable to get past that does him in  as well as the film . rather than give the millions of office workers who may see this film someone to whom they can relate or with whom they can identify  kornbluth affects a condescending manner that only serves to alienate the very people he is attempting to reach . so what it all comes down to is a case of poor directing and unconvincing acting  and when you take into consideration that the screenplay itself was weak to begin with  with an inexplicably narrow focus  given the potential of the rich subject matter   it  s easy to understand why this one just doesn  t fly .  br    br   the one saving grace of the film is the performance by warren keith as shelby  whose subtle delivery is convincing  and which   in and of itself   is fairly humorous . the effectiveness of it is diminished  however  inasmuch as keith has to share his scenes with kornbluth  which somewhat automatically cancels out his positive contributions to the project .  br    br   shumaker and sarah overman  julie faustino  also manage to keep their heads above water with their respective performances  which are commendable  if not entirely memorable they at least make their scenes watchable  and overman even manages to elevate kornbluth  s performance  if only momentarily . but it  s still not enough to save the day or the film .  br    br   the supporting cast includes amy resnick  mindy   brian thorstenson  clifford   june lomena  davonne   joe bellan  jimmy the mail clerk   with a cameo appearance by a disheveled looking harry shearer  as the orientation leader   a role that begs for an answer to the question  what was he thinking when he agreed to this   in any work environment  there will forever be situations arising that one way or another will unavoidably become fodder for someone  s comedic cannon  and the films depicting said situations will always be with us the good ones  see paragraph one  may even become classics in their own right . haiku tunnel   however  will doubtfully remain very long amongst them  for it  s destiny lies elsewhere   in a realm known only as obscurity .  i rate this one     .  br    br    br    br    
this movie is nothing like  office space  except in the premise . office space was hilarious . i would not recommend this movie to anyone  as i laughed not once during the entire film . mr . cornbluth  s self  indulgent tirades quickly become more annoying than   jason alexanders in the same room . if you decide to see this movie  use a free rental or watch it at someone else  s house so you can leave if necessary .  
i passed this one on the shelf a few times  looking at the myriad of huge positive quotes  with tiny names  on the front and wondering if i was missing something . the other night it was on one of the movie channels  and i tuned in . i missed nothing .  br    br   i must admit that i only watched the first   minutes . perhaps the movie becomes comedy gold after that . given the slow  plodding pace and complete lack of laughter in the first    i seriously doubt it .  br    br   the lead character starts the movie in classic  i don  t know how to start my movie  style  with a long  tiresome monologue about how he doesn  t want to get sued . it  s not funny . it  s not even remotely funny . others have commented on the  san franclisco  bit ok  a small chuckle the first time he says it . then he grinds it into the ground  smiling at the camera like it  s the funniest thing ever written . get over yourself . in fact  i think the talking to the camera bit was the reason i instantly disliked the film . don  t assume familiarity with your audience . familiarity is  earned   much like respect .  br    br   from there you basically have a fat whiny guy talking in a very effeminate way about his dull life as a temp . i didn  t realize he  s jewish it  s a discredit to jewish comedians to call this  jewish humor  . it  s just unfunny humor . just because you  re jewish doesn  t mean you have a knack for the comedy . a wasp  spalding gray  does a better job of self  analytical humor than this guy  so obviously it  s not about ethnicity .  br    br   if one of the bits i had seen had worked  i might have stuck around . but some schlub going on about how much he loves the names of the women he works with  then listing them for five long minutes  doesn  t make a great movie .  br    br   this is an obvious attempt to capitalize on the popularity of  office space  . don  t let yourself become a victim of target marketing . just say no to  haiku tunnel  .  
after waking up at     in the morning and not being able to go to sleep  i decided that i may as well be entertained while i suffered from sleep deprivation . this movie was on hbo and i decided to watch it . what a mistake   br    br   here is the plot  potential spoilers  if you even care   a neurotic man with an addiction to candy  josh kornbluth  works as a temp for some ridiculous company . suddenly  he is offered the chance to  go perm   which seems to be the favorite catch  phrase of this movie . but with a secure job and a secure income within his grasp  josh decides for whatever stupid reason that he doesn  t want to do it . he hopelessly bungles several minor tasks and his laziness and lack of ambition fill me with contempt . his inability to send several  very important  letters within a given amount of time is supposed to be hilarious  but is merely stupid . josh meets and deceives a lawyer woman and they wind up in bed together  obviously a fantasy of josh  s in real life  as such a thing would never happen  . a bunch of other stuff happens  but it  s too trite and inane to go into now .  br    br   despite the fact that this movie is billed as a comedy  i only laughed twice during it the first time was the opening shot of josh kornbluth  my initial reaction was one of stifling fear  and the second was when he was in bed with the attractive woman  yeah  right  . josh kornbluth is perhaps the most terrifying  looking person i have ever seen in my life . he is an unattractive  overweight  balding jewish man who i am supposed to believe has sex with beautiful women . i do not at all sympathize with josh  s character . he is lazy and unmotivated and i just don  t appreciate the failed attempts at humor . skip it  even if your life depends upon it .  
the worlds largest inside joke . the world  s largest  most exclusive inside joke .  br    br   emulating the brash and  everyman  humor of office space  this film drives the appeal of this film into the ground by making the humor such that it would only be properly appreciated by legal secretaries writing books . the audience is asked to assume the unfamiliar role of a legal secretary  and then empathize with the excruciatingly dumb protagonist .  br    br   the entire film is centered on the legal secretary finding free time  listening to music and writing a novel while working . these are his goals . you can  t imagine the slap in the face it is to the audience when  around halfway through  they find out he has had a job which fit all three of those criteria  but then gives it up  the director and screenwriter  jacob kornbluth and josh kornbluth  completely remove the audience  s motivation to empathize or even find entertaining a protagonist that has previously thrown away that which he is complaining about the lack thereof .  br    br   apart from that major stumbling block  the legal secretary insider humor fails because they must be explained explicitly to the audience each time they happen . without these asides  the audience wouldn  t have noticed anything particularly strange . humor is only effective if it doesn  t need to be thoroughly explained to the audience what is funny .  
i  ll dispense with the usual comparisons to a certain legendary filmmaker known for his neurotic new yorker persona  because quite frankly  to draw comparisons with bumbling loser josh kornbluth  is just an insult to any such director . i will also avoid mentioning the spot  on satire office space  in the same breath as this celluloid catastrophe . i can  however  compare it to waking up during your own surgery  it  s painful to watch and you wonder whether the surgeons really know what they  re doing . haiku tunnel is the kind of film you wish they  d pulled the plug on in its early stages of production . it was cruel to let it live and as a result  audiences around the world are being made to suffer .  br    br   the film  s premise  if indeed it has one  is not even worth discussing  but for the sake of caution i will . josh kornbluth  a temp worker with severe commitment  phobia  is offered a permanent job . his main duty is to mail out   high priority letters for his boss . but ludicrously  he is unable to perform this simple task . my reaction  big deal  that  s not a story it  s a passing thought at best  one that should  ve passed any self  respecting filmmaker by .  br    br   the leading actor  if you can call him that  is a clumsy buffoon of a man  with chubby features  a receding  untamed hairline  and a series of facial expressions that range from cringe  making to plain disturbing . where o where did the director find this schmuck  what  s that you say he is the director  oh  my mistake . playing yourself in your own embarrassment of a screenplay is one thing  but i suspect that mr kornbluth isn  t that convincing as a human being  let alone an actor . rest assured  this is by no means an aimless character assassination  but never before have i been so riled up by an actor  s on  screen presence  my frustration was further confounded by his incessant to  camera monologues in between scenes . i mean  as if the viewer needs an ounce of intelligence to comprehend this drivel  kornbluth insults us further by explaining  the action  first rule of filmmaking dramatize exposition   show  don  t tell  . who does this guy think he is  he has no charisma  no charm  and judging by his hawaiian shirts  no sense of style . his casting agent should be shot point blank   br    br   the supporting actors do nothing to relieve the intense boredom i felt  with but one exception . patricia scanlon puts in a very funny appearance as helen the ex  secretary  who has been driven insane by her old boss  and makes harassing phone calls from her basement  while holding a flashlight under her face . this did make me chuckle to myself  but the moment soon passed and i was back to checking my watch for the remainder of the film .  br    br   the film  s title is also a misnomer . haiku tunnel has nothing to do with the ancient form of japanese poetry . don  t be fooled into thinking this is an art house film because of its pretentious  sounding title or the fact that it only played in a handful of cinemas and made no money at the box office there  s a very good reason for that   br    br    
watching josh kornbluth  act  in this movie reminds me of my freshman tv production class  where the  not funny  had the chance to prove just how unfunny they really were   br    br   obvious is the word that comes to mind when i try to synopsize this wannabe comedy . the jokes are sophomoric and telegraphed . the delivery is painfully bad . ouch        the writing is simply dorkish . it is akin to a bob saget show .  br    br   watching this movie is as painful as watching a one and a half hour long saturday night live skit  post belushi  .  br    br   i hated this movie and want my money back     
the world may have ended . unfortunately this film survived as yet another testament to canada  s inability to make movies that go beyond the execrable . maybe it  s because all our really good people  norman jewison  martin short et al  go to hollywood .  in fact it  s too bad short wasn  t cast in this apallingly pretentious and banal film . he might have given it some credibility . the canadian government should realize    and this movie is a magnificent example    that shovelling money into the trough does not result in good cinema . if the people lapping up these public funds had had to compete  they might have been forced to come up with something worthwhile . as it is they have produced yet another snickering embarassment .  
to make any film about the supposed end of the world  there should be some facts  realism  . we are never told why these people believe this .  . location is new years eve in toronto canada . so please some one tell me why was then still shining at midnight  why  based on the costumes  did it seem like september  br    br    . the acting was in that neo  au  natural style  that needed a director who knew how to do it .  br    br    . the individual story pieces were all dreary  without any purpose . i could go on  but i do not want to make this as boring as the film .  br    br   rating      out of    on imdb scale  br    br   thank you i am as always  br    br   jay harris  aka  sirbossman  
very funny to watch  beretta  s island  as kind of natural trash  film . it is like answer to jess franko  s type of b  movie . bodybuilders strikes back   face to face   to pushers . the very very very stupid strike  action unbelievably bad directed firing  shooting  scenes look even better than hand  to  hand fighting . chasing scenes ridiculous . saving beauties scenes incredibly stupid . erotic scenes are very unerotic . the main luck of film is pretty landscapes and festival scenes . don  t missarnold schwarzenegger  s joke at start of film and list of franco columbu  s kin at the end . special attraction naked bosom . almoust forgot  franco can sing   
kurosawa really blew it on this one . every genius is allowed a failure . the concept is fine but the execution is badly blurred .  br    br   there is an air of fantasy about this film making it something of an art film . the poverty stricken of tokyo deserve a fairer and more realistic portrayal . many of them have interesting stories to tell . a very disappointing film .  
from the first time i saw the box cover of the movie and the stretched out photography i thought this guy  this friend of the  scwarz  must be like  foot or  ft  in .  br    br   not  feet tall . not that  it  s his fault .  br    br   at any rating  i turned on the movie one cool night in tucson  out on the second story  deck with a good cigar and let it roll . at that time my wife was having an affair and things were going down hill for me  so i needed a good diversion . but  as bad as the movie was . . . i totally enjoyed it  with a bottle of merlot too  i might admit .  br    br   truly  i have watched this movie many times . it always makes me feel good   it  s not that it  tries too hard  to be cool or that  it  s so close  to hitting the mark for an action film . . . . it  s frantic . and then truly clueless . then frantic again . it  s the best of the best when it comes to a slow speed chase scene . wow   i never felt safer in my life . warm and happy too . i was thankful that they conserved on the gasoline during the chase  due to less production in the summer months . . . anywho  br    br   the direction was  uninspired  the action and fight sequences needed to be choreographed  or re  choreographed and tightened up  the sound was off the delivery didn  t hit you  it just kept on going  the other way . the  locals  of that village that they were in  the town rather  were  off cue  they also did not seem to follow what was happening very well  the would look and even  stare  into the camera lens . like a deer in the head lights kind of thing only some of them with a smile  a smiling deer .  br    br   i feel bad because  columbu  i just bet has a good heart and a caring spirit for people in america as well as for his own countrymen .  br    br   however  baretta  s island  is very lethargic and unbelievable . even still i like it a lot . my now x  wife hates it  but i love it   br    br   the funny thing is  i am pretty discriminating when it comes to movies i like or even  love  . all in all  i like franco . so there it is .  br    br   as a movie adding addendum to this if you like killing a few hours with truly fun to watch  straight to video  b movies or  bad  movies for your little library collection then  if you can find it  check out  the big sweat        with robert z  dar . . you know the big guy from  tango  cash  .  the big sweat   a bomb of a cop story with no real plot discovery and acting that is so lame  it might as well be  on crutches  and at the end of  the big sweat  i think they ran out of money  because they had a picture of the cast and just set it on fire and let it burn during the credits .  good fun .  br    br   but all in all  not as good as baretta  s island   i gave it a    and an overall rating of  awful  for awful  good b  movie . i  m waiting for the sequel  maybe like  baretta  s revenge on montazuma   franco takes a mexican vacation and gets sick on the water then  declares war on the water co .  or  baretta  s powder war  where as he would stake out a large drug lord in his country and chemically gene  splice and create a hybrid super bug  insect  that would be bred and dropped into the cocaine fields and eat the coke and upon passing it through the bug  it forms a chemical reaction that turns the coke to pure powdered sugar . then another sequel he would have to get the young people rescued from excessive sugar addiction and so on . he could get a major tooth paste company to endorse and partially fund the project with careful product placement in the feature . right      
it  s the worst movie i  ve ever seen . the action is so unclear  work of cameras is so poor  actors are so affected . . . and this lamentable  minutes of arnie on the screen . my advice from the bottom of my heart  don  t watch it unless you like such a low class torture .  
sadly  the print of the film we were going to watch burned in the fire at universal studios last week  so we were stuck with video . that could even be a metaphor for this second  rate king kong movie from toho studios  stalwart director ishiro honda . essentially it  s a warm up for  king kong versus godzilla  . it even uses the idea of a mecha  kong  like mecha  godzilla . of course the movie climaxes with king kong fighting mecha  kong on top of the expo tower in tokyo  but if you didn  t know that already then maybe you  re in the age group that this movie was intended for .  br    br   the cast is headed by a guy named rhodes reason who we had never heard of . . . glancing over his list i see mostly a lot of scattered american tv credits  so it  s interesting that they dragged him all the way to japan so that they could have a nominal american hero . the real hero of the movie is the more sensitive japanese commander played by akira takarada  who i recognized from hiroshi inagaki  s iconic version of  chushingura     ronin  and also from the original godzilla films by honda . i  m sorry rhodes reason whoever you are  but this guy has way more screen presence and you can bet that everyone wants him to end up with the cute little blonde  played by linda miller . we laughed at the way reason would always find a way to interject himself between miller and takarada  who it seemed like she kind of preferred . of course like all kong leading ladies her primary relationship is with the king himself . she discovers a nice trick if you talk to a giant ape really . . . . . really . . . . slowly . . . . . he  ll understand what you  re saying . and if you  re a blonde gal  that means that he  ll do whatever you tell him to do . that fact is not lost on dr . who  eisei amamoto  and madame piranha  mie hama    representing a  nation which shall not be named    who plan on using her as bait to get kong to dig up mineral deposits that are trapped at the north pole .  br    br   yes  this is truly the plot of the whole movie   apparently only a giant ape is going to be capable of digging out these minerals which can be used to make super powerful weapons . dr . who builds mecha  kong to get it but the circuitry gets in the way  so they decide to go for the real kong . kong himself seems momentarily infatuated with mecha  kong  a story element that might have made the film more interesting but wasn  t followed up on .  br    br   by the end of the movie  the cute blonde has shouted  kong  or  king kong  in her chirpy voice so many times that when the two heroes tell her to let him go at the end they  re speaking for all of us . basically this movie squanders whatever majesty was possible in the kong character by making him a heroic and friendly figure much too early  just like the newest version of the story . kong is just a guy in a suit in this movie  and they show quite a lot of him to the point where the goofy face becomes impossible to take seriously . it  s a nice looking movie  i  m sure it satisfies the demands or desires of fans of this type of thing  which is really more of a wrestling film than a monster film in a lot of ways . the monsters don  t ever really scare in these films  they just jump around and push each other around a lot . it  s not a worthless movie  but it  s extremely predictable and formulaic so for anyone under the age of   or so it probably will only be entertaining as comedy .  
may contain spoilers  br    br   a dude in a dopey  looking kong suit  the same one used in king kong vs . godzilla in      provides much of the laffs in this much  mocked monster flick . kong is resurrected on mondo island and helps out the lunkhead hero and other good guys this time around . the vampire  like villain is named dr . who  funny  he doesn  t look like peter cushing  kong finally dukes it out with who  s pride and joy  a giant robot ape that looks like a bad metal sculpture of magilla gorilla . like many of honda  s flicks this may have had some merit before american audiences diddled around with it and added new footage . the rankin  bass animation company had a hand in this mess . they should have stuck to superior children  s programs like the little drummer boy .  
king kong vs . godzilla       which i recall having rated bomb  had been my introduction to cult director honda  s work this one isn  t necessarily better  it  s just that i  ve learned to be more tolerant towards such intrinsically lowbrow fare   br    br   here  we actually get two kongs for the price of one an ugly and dopey  looking giant ape and a robot variation of it which looks even worse  the simian creature lives on the island of mondo     where it  s shown fighting a couple of other monsters  and befriends a trio of humans . naturally  it falls for the blonde  and bland  heroine in fact  more intriguing is a femme fatale in cahoots with the film  s villainous mad genius  called dr . who and sporting the anemic look and cape usually associated with a vampire    br    br   he kidnaps king kong and hypnotizes it in order to retrieve the element x  which is embedded in the icy wastes of the north pole apparently  the giant ape is more impervious to radiation than its mechanical counterpart  and  to ensure its full co  operation  who even captures its three  companions    the female agent then has a change of heart  helps the heroes  one of whom  typically  is a nondescript american  and is killed by who . kong eventually escapes and makes it to tokyo  where it has a final showdown with the robot . the doctor flees the ensuing mayhem in his sub  which  on a request by kong  s dreamgirl  is summarily trashed by the giant ape .  
oh my god what the hell happened here    i  m not going to say this again but what sort of backward movie is this  the dubbing in this is way worst than the dubbing in  king kong vs godzilla   linda miller had to be the worst actress in it and the suits are really cheesy . its about some villain called dr . who who gets henchmen to build a robot gorilla that has the same strength as king kong but when this robot breaks down he builds another one and then tries to kidnap kong . when he does  thats when linda miller gets annoying  he makes kong his slave but everything goes wrong and king kong escapes . then dr . who sends the robot after him .  br    br   later when i was watching the movie i got a headache when linda miller and the other clowns started moaning . as i sat through the misery of watching the dvd while it was playing i was hoping that the madness in the movie was going to end until the fight . the ending has to be a really bad one because they could  ve shown kong back on his island fighting dinosaurs again .  br    br   don  t watch the movie under any circumstances or if you do . . . beware of the disappointment you will receive .  
before i start  i  love  eddie izzard . i think he  s one of the funniest stand  ups around today . possibly that means i  m going into this with too high expectations  but i just didn  t find eddie funny in this outing .  br    br   i think the main problem is eddie is trying too hard to be eddie . everyone knows him as a completely irrelevant comic  and we all love him for it . but in circle  he appears to be going more for irrelevant than funny  and completely lost me in places . many of the topics he covers he has covered before  i even think i recognised a few recycled jokes in there .  br    br   if you buy the dvd you  ll find a behind  the  scenes look at eddie  s tour  interesting in places  but not very funny   and a french language version of one of his shows . die  hards will enjoy seeing eddie in a different language  but subtitled comedy isn  t very funny .  br    br   if you  re a fan of eddie you  ve either got this already or you  re going to buy it whatever i say . if you  re just passing through  buy glorious or dressed to kill  you won  t be disappointed . with circle  you probably will .  
william lustig  s followup to  maniac  proves conclusively that  without tom savini  s spectacular effects and spinell  s convincing performance   maniac  would never have become the cult hit that it did .  vigilante  is badly directed  with a simple  minded script that spells everything out for you and is predictable at every turn  and also mediocre performances by all the actors . judging from the sense of  deja vu  this film gave me  lustig had watched  death wish  several times too many before making this         
a police officer  robert forster  in a crime ridden city has his wife attacked and young son killed after she dares to stand up to a thug at a petrol station . after the murderers get off scot  free thanks to a corrupt judge and he himself is jailed for   days for contempt of court  he decides to take matters into his own hands by joining a group of vigilantes led by a grizzled looking fred williamson . these robin hood types sort out any criminal that the law is unwilling to prosecute  and with their help he attempts to track down those that wronged him . .  br    br   this film is nothing but a big bag o  clichs . the only thing out of the ordinary is the on  screen slaying of a two year old boy  which was pretty sick . otherwise it  s business as usual for this genre e . g involves lots of car chases  beatings and shootings mixed in with plenty of male posturing . i could have done without the prison fight in the shower involving all those bare  aed inmates  though . also  did they run out of money before filming the last scenes  i mention this because it ends very abruptly with little closure . if anyone knows  give me a bell . . actually  don  t bother .  br    br   to conclude file under  forgettable nonsense  . next . .  
robert forster  normally a very strong character actor  is lost at sea here cast as a new york family man seeking revenge on the thugs who murdered his son and attacked his wife in a home invasion . scary subject matter exploited for cheapjack thrills in the  death wish  vein . it isn  t difficult to scoff at these smarmy proceedings the dialogue is full of howlers  the crime statistics are irrevocably dated  and the supporting characters are ridiculously over  written  particularly a despicable judge who allows an accused murderer to walk right out of the courtroom  . low  rent production is contemptible in its self  righteousness  especially as the violence in our cities has only increased .  from   
the show  s echoed  bubbling  sound effect used to put me to sleep . a very soothing show . i think i might have slept through the parts where there was danger or peril . i had also heard that some set up shots for a show on sponge divers was shot in tarpon springs  florida . i would assume lloyd bridges never dove there . i only remember the show in reruns and although it was never edge  of  the  seat exciting we would make up our own underwater episodes in the lake at my grandmother  s house . . . imagining the echoed bubbling sounds and narrating our adventures in our heads . i thought  flipper  had better undersea action . of course  he had the advantage of being in his natural environment .  
this is said to be a personal film for peter bogdonavitch . he based it on his life but changed things around to fit the characters  who are detectives . these detectives date beautiful models and have no problem getting them . sounds more like a millionaire playboy filmmaker than a detective  doesn  t it  this entire movie was written by peter  and it shows how out of touch with real people he was . you  re supposed to write what you know  and he did that  indeed . and leaves the audience bored and confused  and jealous  for that matter . this is a curio for people who want to see dorothy stratten  who was murdered right after filming . but patti hanson  who would  in real life  marry keith richards  was also a model  like stratten  but is a lot better and has a more ample part . in fact  stratten  s part seemed forced added . she doesn  t have a lot to do with the story  which is pretty convoluted to begin with . all in all  every character in this film is somebody that very few people can relate with  unless you  re millionaire from manhattan with beautiful supermodels at your beckon call . for the rest of us  it  s an irritating snore fest . that  s what happens when you  re out of touch . you entertain your few friends with inside jokes  and bore all the rest .  
how wonderful . yet another movie about america by someone who has visited here probably a half dozen times  a day a piece  and believes himself to be an  expert  on the country . sheesh . i should take a trip to germany for a week and then come back and make a movie about germany as the  land of nazis  or some such . wim il boy  you should get together with lars von trier and make the ultimate movie about the americans . of course we all know it takes a pretentious left  leaning  we are the world  european to make a  real  movie about america .  br    br   yeah  right . for a continent that started not one but two world wars  europe sure has a lot of opinions about america  s wrong  foreign policy  .  br    br   p . s . don  t worry  wim il boy  there  s plenty of uc  berkeley americans that  ll just love your movie . of course  these are the same people who thinks george w . bush is worst than hitler  and that a painting of a can of soup is  sheer genius     
  land of plenty  is not a film . it is a tombstone for the directorial career of german director wim wenders .  br    br   many felt it in  the million dollar hotel  and now  land of plenty  makes it perfectly clear not only has wenders lost it  he  s actually turned into a bad director  creating horribly weak and superficial stories and scenes .  br    br   one might argue that the  time you lose it  comes for every director  but wenders  case is extreme . it  s as if he completely forget everything he knew about cinema and started all over again  only to get sloppish results .  br    br   in a few words  this film does not deserve your time .  
the hysterical thing about this movie is that  according to the director  it has difficulty finding a distributor in the u . s . because most of them that viewed it couldn  t reconcile the seemingly conflicting messages of christianity and american angst . the thought of anyone seeing this as a religious film in anyway is laughable .  br    br   because a minister at a mission prays with the homeless or wishes someone  godspeed  this makes it a  christian  movie  one could interpret that it is actually mocking religion for in the  land of plenty  with all of its material excess  the best an organized mission can do is hand out a bowl of soup and a bible verse . plenty of unfortunate or downtrodden maybe  plenty of useless homeless missions  how about plenty of psycho vietnam vets  as a pill  popping delusional survivor of agent  pink  are we to think america is a  land of plenty  of paranoid patriots  maybe we have plenty of psychiatric patients  certainly we don  t have plenty of people concerned about palestine politics based on the main characters phone conversation in the film . of course if you worked in a german homeless shelter the unfortunate there would be much more concerned about peace in a distant land than their own personal survival as the world knows how europe is the  continent of plenty  when it comes to sophistication .  br    br   indeed i agreed with the title in the end as the united states is the  land of plenty  and in this particular case it refers to the abundance of poor scripts  amateur acting and dispassionately directed films . life is too short and one  even an american  doesn  t have  plenty  of time to waste watching this piece .  
wenders was great with million  hotel . i don  t know how he came up with this film  the idea of giving the situation after spt   and the view of american society is hopeful  that makes it  out of ten . but this is not a movie . is that the best someone can do with a great idea  the west  east clash  . there are important things going on in middle east and it is just issued on the screen of a mac with the fingers of an amerian girl who is actually at the level of stupidity  because she is just ignorant about the facts  . the characters are not well shaped . and the most important thing is the idea that is given with religion is somehow funny to me . at the ending scene lana says lets just be quiet and try to listen . and the background music says  . . . i will pray  . the thing is not about religion actually . but it ends up with this . how you are gonna see the truth if you just close your eyes and pray . the lights are already shining on the truth . its just that nobody wants to see it . ps  my home is not a place . it is people  the only thing that gets   out of   is that sentence . but it is wasted behind this film making .  by the way as  someone  mentioned below  americas finest young man are not finest  they are just the  poor  and the  hopeless  ones who sign up for the army in need of good paychecks which is not provided by the government    
the end of violence and certainly the million dollar hotel hinted at the idea the wenders has lost his vision  his ability to tell compelling stories through a map of the moving picture . the land of plenty seals the coffin  i  m afraid  by being a vastly unimaginative  obviously sentimental and clich  d film . the characters are entirely flat and stereotyped  the writing  plot and direction are amateurish  at best . for the first time in quite a while  i was impatient for the film to end so i could get on with my life . the war  torn delirium of the uncle  the patriotic abstract gazing at the sky at the conclusion . . . it all just struck me as being so simple and pathetic  hardly the work of a filmmaker who once made some compelling magic on screen . what happened  the days of experimentation  perceptive writing and interesting filming possibilities are long behind him  i  m afraid . let  s hope he finds his inspiration again . . . at the toronto film festival  which is where i saw the film  wenders was there to introduce it . completely lacking in humility  he offered us the following  i hope . . . no  wait . . . i know you  re going to enjoy the next two hours .  i  m afraid he couldn  t be more wrong . . .  
with a tendency to repeat himself  wenders has been a consistent disappointment ever since he hit it big with  paris texas  .  br    br    land of plenty  is no exception . taking into the fact that i anticipated an average  mediocre film even before i went in  wenders  ambitions seem to always get the better of him . it  s taken for grated now his films are heavy  handed and bombastic .  br    br   i weren  t sure if i was watching a comedy that mocks middle america or some thriller . the outcome of diehl  s character is wholly predicable . wender  s insistence on layering many many scenes with some rock song is also intensely annoying . he was covering up the holes in his script and direction by jazzing up the scenes .  br    br   i am certain that many people will find this film important and resonant but in all honestly  this clumsy and didactic effort only speaks of poor direction .  br    br   interesting that wenders professed that while making  paris texas   he had great help from sam sheppard with the script . yes  that was wenders  best and he should understand now he needs a good scriptwriter . his films from the past   years were a total mess .  
watching  der himmel ber berlin  as a teen in the late    s was a profound experience for me   so this was what the movies could be  . along with  paris  texas  and  until the end of the world  it still holds a special place in my heart and mind  a testament to the genius of wim wenders .  br    br   unfortunately later years has seen a steady decline in the quality of his work with  million dollar hotel  and  land of plenty  hitting a terrible low point . gone are the captivating pictures or music . no search for or display of great insight . all that is left are characters and thinly veiled political statements  that boils down to nothing but clichs  and quite frankly mock the intelligence of a mature audience .  br    br   has the well run dry  whatever the reason  it  s time for mr . wenders to either step it up or stop altogether .  
i get it the diehl character is s  posed to be a microcosm of america itself  seeing arab terrorists under every rock  only to find out at the end that it  s his own actions all along that got him into that siege state and truly if he practices good  will to all men everything will be rainbows and lollipops . sorry wim you have made amazing movies in the past that stay neutral of the politics and for good reason  polemics are your weak point and they weaken this a well  made  amazingly filmed movie with absurd characters  dialog and plotting . better luck on your next flick . another thing that yanked my crank was the belabored point of the homeless section of la being there for reasons of hunger  these people don  t get enough to eat . truly these folks aren  t eating regally but the real hunger these folks is a spiritual hunger  an emotional hunger  a mental hunger . they need self  respect  self  worth  dignity which you can  t give a man . yeah those folks are hungry and if they need it it is available . less the center for hunger in america  i would say it  s more the center for alcoholism  drug  abuse  mental suffering and economic devastation . dealing with hunger although a noble endeavor is band  aiding a more profoundly systematic societal and age  old human problem of homelessness . bill diehl was good though and michelle williams was cute as the young yet  cliched  old soul .  
this is an interesting left turn for reel   indies . two harbors is a bw   minute film from minnesota that features non  actors and is about two people finding a connection through a search for alien life . i applaud the boldness of the reel   programmers of thinking out  of  the  box when selecting this film . i just wish they had picked a stronger film to be bold with . as a matter of fact  i wonder if the choice had more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the actual quality of the film itself  not that two harbors is completely without merit  but i  ll get to that a little later  .  br    br   as is common with independent films  two harbors is limited in terms of location . there are only two real locations  a large junk dealership market and a very teeny trailer  which is the home of the middle  aged main character  vic  played by alex cole . writer  director james vculek uses the market setting to provide exposition about vic  who is one of the dealers there . he has various people walk up to vic and start very long conversations that provides us with just two pieces of information  vic sells space toys  he prefers to call them  outer space action figures   and he is a caustic asshole . this is emblematic of one of the two key problems with two harbors  all the chatting . i  ve said it before and i  ll say it again  we are dealing with a visual medium and filmmakers need to work harder to tell their stories visually . there are exceptions  of course  but generally  endless patter is not so engaging on film  particularly if the dialogue is being used as exposition . pretty much all the conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily verbose . a notable example would be a few scenes which feature vic trying to play himself off as a boy scout leader in order to get a discount at a store . he argues with the clerk back and forth and these scenes don  t even advance the plot one iota . this is the kind of thing that makes even a   minute film feel long .  br    br   the other problem with two harbors is the acting . i may be a bit of a curmudgeon when it comes to performance in film  but i really don  t feel like there  s a good excuse for not having good actors in your films . there are plenty of good actors out there  many of which willing to work on low  budget projects  even in minnesota . many filmmakers eschew the importance of acting ability as being secondary to their visuals  but that is nave . in narrative film  making  next to the story  nothing is more important than the acting  performances . if you don  t believe the people enacting your story  your audience is lost .  br    br   originally  i thought vculek was using non  actors  but as the film went on  i decided that they were probably community theater  type actors . it wasn  t that they were uncomfortable on camera . it  s that they were overly theatrical  i . e . big  . granted  the best of the actors were the two leads  cole and catherine e . johnson as cassie  a lonely young girl that gets caught up in vic  s extra  terrestrial hunt . they seemed to have the most training  but they were still a little rough around the edges . the eccentricities they displayed seemed to be surface only  not coming from a real  organic place within . ms . johnson  in particular  is an interesting case . she definitely has a presence  a midwestern charm about her  but that charisma belies the multitude of issues her character is supposed to have . she struggles to portray the idiosyncrasies that stem from a supposed life of solitude and  slave   labor  relying on stock gestures like eye rolls  lip biting and stammering to suggest her discomfort with the outside world .  br    br   i mentioned in the first paragraph that two harbors is not completely without merit and here  s what i mean . without giving too much away  there is a fade to white an hour into the film . after that  the story takes a stunning turn  which allows the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and downright powerful  it  s like a sucker punch to the gut  but in a good way . it  s almost a huge relief to feel something after so long with these characters . the last five minutes of the film don  t have any dialogue at all and the result is the best part of the film  subtle  detailed  cole does his best work of the film  and most importantly  cinematic . then  with the closing credits comes the most staggering revelation of all  that it  s based on a true story  which got me to thinking . with all the dialogue  the minimal locations and the lack of cinematic qualities  it occurred to me that with two kick ass actors and a tightening re  write  two harbors might make a really kick  ass stage play  maybe even a one  act . if there are any bold theater producers out there reading this  i definitely recommend seeing if you can get a hold of the film and contact the filmmaker  reel   or whomever . there might be something to this story after all  br    br    for more information on this or any other reel   film  check out their website at www . reel   . org   
i think i found the most misogynistic film of all time darklight .  br    br   the gist of the film  lilith was adam  s first wife and she was considered imperfect and banished from the garden of eden because she considered herself adam  s equal and refused to submit to him . see  i took those words straight from the script . then the film keeps going on and though she is the heroine of the film  the only time that she becomes acceptable is when she does what the men tell her to do  she ends the film under the control of the faith  an all male group   br    br   other than that the script was predictable and the fx were awful . apart from the obvious hatred of females that is usually a lot more subtle in modern film  there was nothing original about darklight .  
weak bobby  pineapple salsa  flay and mario batali bring this down .  br    br   flay being the worst . definitely a one trick pony  i think they could have gotten other american chefs to come to the table on this one as the iron chefs . the kind of dishes this duo come up with really . . . don  t reflect on the creativity of the original iron chef series . i don  t think batali even went to chef school  actually . there are a lot of great chefs in america  i just wonder why they don  t appear on the food network .  br    br   it would also help to have more regional ingredients and perhaps co  hosts who can handle the pressure . i like alton brown  but he is a bit too flippant  funny for this role .  
what is interesting is that the acting was not bad  just not enough . it was rather lame .  special effects nor the lines were the single culprit for this failure . standing alone they weren  t horribly bad  but put together was a tragic move . the show seemed long winded and slow with special effects apparently designed to speed the movie along  but it failed totally .  br    br   much of the blame for this disaster was put on special effects . don  t believe it  they were kinda cool . appleby was not the best choice for this endeavor . though she may have been all they had to chose from with a bit of fan recogniton . an experienced actress would have brought something to the part  like appleby never did . scfi puts out some really good original movies  it  s just too bad that this failed so drastically .  
i sat glued to the screen  riveted  yawning  yet keeping an attentive eye . i waited for the next awful special effect  or the next ridiculously clichd plot item to show up full force  so i could learn how not to make a movie .  br    br   it seems when they set out to make this movie  the crew watched every single other action  science  fiction  shoot  em  up  good vs . evil movie ever made  and saw cool things and said  hey  we can do that .  for example  the only car parked within a mile on what seems like a one way road with a shoulder not meant for parking  is the one car the protagonist  an attractive brunette born of bile  is thrown on to . the car blows to pieces before she even lands on it . the special effects were quite obviously my biggest beef with this movie . but what really put it in my bad books was the implausibility  and lack of reason for so many elements  for example  the antagonist  a flying demon with the ability to inflict harm in bizarre ways  happens upon a lone army truck transporting an important vip . nameless security guys with guns get out of the truck  you know they are already dead . then the guy protecting the vip says  under no circumstances do you leave this truck  do you understand me   he gets out to find the beast that killed his  buddies  he gets whacked in an almost comically clich fashion . then for no apparent reason  defying logic  convention  and common sense  the dumb ass vip gets out of the truck    a lot of what happened along the course of the movie didn  t make sense . transparent acting distanced me from the movie  as well as bad camera  work  and things that just make you go  wow  that  s incredibly cheesy .  shiri appleby saved the movie from a   because she gave the movie the one element that always makes viewers enjoy the experience  sex appeal .  
the story behind this movie is very interesting  and in general the plot is not so bad . . . but the details writing  directing  continuity  pacing  action sequences  stunts  and use of cg all cheapen and spoil the film .  br    br   first off  action sequences . they are all quite unexciting . most consist of someone standing up and getting shot  making no attempt to run  fight  dodge  or whatever  even though they have all the time in the world . the sequences just seem bland for something made in     .  br    br   the cg features very nicely rendered and animated effects  but they come off looking cheap because of how they are used .  br    br   pacing everything happens too quickly . for example   elle  is trained to fight in a couple of hours  and from the start can do back  flips  etc . why is she so acrobatic  none of this is explained in the movie . as lilith  she wouldn  t have needed to be able to do back flips  maybe she couldn  t  since she had wings .  br    br   also  we have sequences like a woman getting run over by a car  and getting up and just wandering off into a deserted room with a sink and mirror  and then stabbing herself in the throat  all for no apparent reason  and without any of the spectators really caring that she just got hit by a car  and then felt the secondary effects of another  exploding car  . . .  are you okay   asks the driver  yes  i  m fine  she says  bloodied and disheveled .  br    br   i watched it all  though  because the introduction promised me that it would be interesting . . . but in the end  the poor execution made me wish for anything else blade  vampire hunter d  even that movie with vampires where jackie chan was comic relief  because they managed to suspend my disbelief  but this just made me want to shake the director awake  and give the writer a good talking to .  
a good idea  badly implemented . while that could summarize    of the scifi channel  s movies  it really applies here . i love movies where a good back story is slowly revealed  and i like action movies  and i like all of the main actors  so this could have been great . however  despite some good acting  this movie fails due to bill platt  s bad writing and directing .  br    br   another review made the good point of needing to know where you  re going so you can get there . this movie doesn  t . it  s put together in such a haphazard way that you know the words  second draft  are not in bill platt  s vocabulary . there is one scene that is entirely unnecessary and could be removed without anyone noticing . this scene even begins and ends with them driving a car  so you could cut from one car scene to the other and never have missed the pointless scene in the middle .  br    br   this movie also had a strange habit of under explaining some details while over explaining others  some to the point where you can guess the entire  plot  up front . it also had a habit of aborting a fight early  probably just because they couldn  t afford it . there are also a few laughably bad scenes where the  plot  is revealed on a computer and the final battle involving conveniently placed  toxic adhesive   seriously  what is that   .  br    br   if you are a fan of shiri appleby  watch this movie because she  s ok . she does manage to break out of her  roswell  persona a few times and make for a good tough chick  but not always  . john de lancie plays the same character he plays in everything he  s ever done since playing q back in sttng  so that  s nothing new .  br    br   in all  i gave this movie a     rating .  
shiri appleby is the cutest little embodiment of evil turned good girl demon  kicking buffy clone  elle . but i  m getting ahead of myself  you see lilith was the first woman made by god as a companion to adam . but she got all uppity evil feminist so god banished her from eden . a clandestine order known as the fath captures her but doesn  t kill her  so now with amnesia  which is not really explained that well  lilith  now elle  is free to become the aforementioned buffy  clone who has to battle with a mad scientist who got an injection of lilith  s blood .  br    br   if the previous paragraph sounded hideously convoluted  that  s because it is . the movie is also dull  generic  and for a film with a plot steeped in theology it doesn  t seem to know a lick about it . this bargain basement lousy  cgied movie was apparently a failed series pilot . all i can say to the fact that it didn  t get picked up is a resounding amen .  br    br   my grade d   br    br   dvd extras commentary by writer  director bill platt and co  writer chris regina and stills gallery video effects samples before  after  it also has an  also available  selection that you would think would lead you to some trailers  but nope on dvd covers for other films  which is a stupid idea   br    br   dvd  rom extras final shooting script and deleted scenes transcript both in pdf format  
this obvious pilot for an unproduced tv series features young canadian actress shiri appleby as an amnesiac with some pretty incredible powers that must be put to use when a man  turned  flying demon is let loose on the world . the cgi is par for a tv job  and appleby is ok as an amnesiac but hard to swallow as a superheroine . familiar tv face richard burgi is along for the ride as appleby  s mentor  but he can do nothing to elevate this dreck above the mediocre level . we see way too much of the cartoonish flying demon right from the start  a bad sign . also  the scenes where burgi is training appleby for battle are actually laughable . they are a bad copy of similar scenes in several other movies  most notably remo williams .  
yuck . i thought it odd that their ancient book on curses was made using a common script font instead of hand written . the acting is so apathetic at times and so over  dramatic at other times . why would a  demonico  kill the two suspiciously quiet doctors who helped make him immortal  just for the heck of it  and is it really necessary to show lilith  s motorcycle whenever she  s out somewhere . we get it  you spent a little bit of money to rent some third rate crotch rocket . it doesn  t mean you have to show it all the time  the  faith  s  lair looks like an old school battlestar galactica set with some last minute changes . there is a scene where we are introduced to a few people on a talk show for about   seconds before they are killed without apparent reason and without importance . everyone is a throwaway character . forgettable characters and an even more forgettable plot make this one of the most ill  conceived movies i  ve seen the scifi channel come out with . stay away unless you  re into bad movies .  
genghis cohn is a  very  mildly entertaining british movie about a german police commissioner in the late      s who is haunted by the ghost of a jewish comedian that he killed   years earlier while serving under hitler in the ss . the ghost comes back and wants his killer to live as a jew to atone for the murders he committed .  br    br   otto  the german policeman actually knows this ghost  s name because  the last thing he did before he died was said  in yiddish  kiss my ass  . the policeman didn  t speak yiddish  so he asked around until he found the meaning . the kiss my ass  left such an impression that everybody involved with that killing learned and remembered the comedian  s name  genghis cohn .  br    br   there are a bunch of men who are murdered in the jurisdiction of the police commissioner  and there are no helpful clues . the men are murdered with a set of knives that are missing from the local butcher . the butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to get a liver and onion sandwich  so the commissioner is a suspect . the first man is killed while making love to the butcher  s wife  so the butcher is a suspect . but the butcher maintains that he would be very busy if he killed every man that slept with his wife . all the men are killed immediately after the climax of lovemaking .  br    br   i think i might be a bit angrier than the ghost of genghis cohn if i was killed like he was . he seems to be very good  natured about it  as if he was just in a mild car accident . i can only guess that it is because it is a british movie and they are known for being a very polite people . he uses some of his material from his stand  up routing  and i just didn  t find it very funny .  br    br   i gave this movie a  because it was just kind of goofy . i thought it should have been a little more serious than it was . the movie turns out to be a murder mystery  where did this come from    and it seemed that genghis should have been more helpful than he was . the movie gave me a tiny look into jewish culture  but was only skin  deep . do all jews love liver and onion sandwiches  do they all say shtoop  and meshuganah  in their daily vocabulary  isn  t there more important stuff that we should know about the culture   br    br   i saw this movie at a jewish community center in berkeley  ca  and i was the only person in the room whose hair was not fully gray or white .  i have no gray or white hair .  there were   of us  and after the movie they stayed for about   minutes to discuss the movie . there were  main concerns expressed there  . the movie was way too light  hearted and future generations might not understand the gravity of what happened and  . as the holocaust survivors are dying off  future generations will not know what really happened . i thought that this second concern was ridiculous and i told them i thought they didn  t need to worry because there is tons of literature out there and there will always be people who like to watch movies  like myself . the murder of          people by a very bad man will not ever be forgotten . i write this last paragraph because they charged me with telling others about my experience that day .  
this seemed to be a good movie  i thought it would be a good movie  and throughout the movie i was hoping it would be a meaningful use of my time  and yes  i have to admit that the acting talent of dimple kapadia and deepti naval where truly commendable  but despite the best effort this movie falls short of effectively conveying a meaningful message  which it seems is it seemed was what somnath sen is trying to do . the final point comes short and the ending seemed kind of unsatisfactory after all that happens a bit like real life in that respect but movies unlike real life ends in about  hrs and the ending should leave the audience satisfied  if indeed that was the director  s intention . this falls short in that respect and that is what disappoints me the most .  br    br   another aspect that concerned me was the national stereo  typing of the american characters  they all seem to be carved out of the same block . seems to me that most american characters in indian english movies are based upon how common indians themselves perceive americans to be like and it is clear that no effort has been made to bring any sense of depth or complexity to any american in the movie .  br    br   these two aspects put together they make for a disappointing story .  
this has got to be one of those films where the trailer is   times better than the movie itself . i first saw the trailer in      it looked great . since then i have always wanted to see it but could never find it . . . . . until today  yes    years later .  br    br   lets just say i was so disappointed its unreal  ok i knew it wouldn  t be an oscar winner but still had hopes that it would be a fun no  brain film in the bloodsport mold . unfortunately it was not  it  s pooh  br    br   whats with all the american rock and roll music and the acting was so bad it was quite frightening .  br    br   the fight scenes were rubbish and look fake .  br    br   this dvd only cost me   and i believe i was overcharged by    br    br   now i  m sad as i know that i will never get that hour and a half back .  
i  m a big fan of troma but i can  t figure out why they bought the rights to this movie  it  s so boring i felt like i was watching for  hours . some where on the plot summary it says  but what satan doesn  t know he  s stuck with annoying tourists  well they didn  t seem to bother him in the movie  just me .  br    br   the only good thing about this movie is the actor who plays satan  i like bad movie  s but it was just boring .  
oscar wilde  s comedy of manners  perhaps the wittiest play ever written  is all but wrecked at the hands of a second  rate cast . sanders is  as one would expect  casually  indolently brilliant in the role of lord darlington  but the rest of the cast makes the entire procedure a waste of time . jean crain attempts a stage accent in alternate sentences and the other members of the cast seem to believe this is a melodrama and not a comedy indeed  the entire production has bookends that reduce it to tragedy   doubtless the hays office insisted . preminger  s direction seems to lie mostly in making sure that there are plenty of servants about and even the music seems banal . stick with the visually perfect silent farce as directed by lubitsch or even the     screen version with helen hunt as mrs . erlynne or try reading the play for the pleasure of the words . but skip this version .  
i can sum this movie up using   words or less . way too predictable of a story line with potential to be funny but instead falls flat on its face . see    words  however  i didn  t completely pan this flick with just one star but instead decided to bump it up to two stars due to the fact that julie bowen is smoking hot and provided just enough eye candy to keep me from ripping the dvd right out from the machine and blowing it up with an m   . my advice  take the   .   rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just send it right to me as an advance thank you for saving you the time and frustration of having to sit through this train wreck  or you may want to send me the    .   replacement fee you would have been charged from taking out your twelve gage to use this piece of garbage as skeet shooting practice .  
some illegal so  called asylum seeker comes to stuttgart and finds that germans are  racist .   br    br   this is just another already  forgotten steaming nugget in a long list of post  wwii anti  german propaganda films  aimed to make germans feel  bad  for not welcoming each and every degenerate in their country so he can chase german blonds and sell drugs to german teenagers .  br    br   if you  re looking for good german films in general  see  der tunnel    der untergang    europa europa   and  lola rennt .   br    br   but not this .  br    br   also   das experiment   with the same male actor from  lola rennt .   
an illegal immigrant resists the social support system causing dire consequences for many . well filmed and acted even though the story is a bit forced  yet the slow pacing really sets off the conclusion . the feeling of being lost in the big city is effectively conveyed . the little person lost in the big society is something to which we can all relate  but i cannot endorse going out of your way to see this movie .  
run . . . do not walk away from this movie      aimed at the very young kids  this movie will bore you to tears . if the gamera trilogy of the    s raised the bar  this film just lowered it . it  s slow paced and the monster fighting is good  but seldom seen . this movie had me dry heaving in the cat box . just a very poor offering after a phenomenal    s series .  br    br   spoilers beyond this point            here are the top   reasons gamera fans of the    s series will hate this film .  br    br     . this movie is a drama that follows a kid trying to cope with the death of his mother and fears losing baby gamera to a fight after knowing his father saw the adult gamera die .  br    br    . you see the adult gamera for maybe a minute at the beginning of the film . he gets his butt kicked by a few gyaos and self destructs    he looks old and lethargic . plus he looks nothing like any gamera you  ve ever seen . his suit looked cheap and rushed .  br    br    . the young gamera you see through the rest of the film looks like a pokemon . big  eyed and cute . . . it will remind you of the baby godzilla from godzilla vs mechagodzilla  . gamera is now too cute .  br    br    . this movie has the pace of watching a nascar race during a  hour rain delay . i watched this movie with  other gamera fans and nobody was happy with how slowly this film moved along . i  ve seen an suv full of fat people going up a mountain road move faster .  br    br    . like godzillafinal wars  this movie had very little kaiju time on screen . final wars had much more  actually  and better fights although short .  br    br    . kids take the title role . the friend of all children theme and poor writing killed the original gamera series in the      s and history repeats itself in the      s . the most successful gamera films abandoned the sesame street feel and went to a darker place . why go back to a failed formula  this was to be a new trilogy and poor ticket sales killed any hope for this story to continue  thank god  .  br    br    . gamera lost his iconic roar . he now sounds like an elephant with strep throat .  br    br    . this movie may produce a new olympic event . . . . . imagine a relay race that involves sending very young children into harm  s way . you have to see the ending to understand this point . where were the parents  oh yea . . right there sending their kids into a kaiju battle zone .  br    br    . the special effects were good  but sub  par for a gamera movie . legion and iris had better effects . the best effect was showing the apple sized baby gamera fly . not too impressive .  br    br    . this movie is just not what adult kaiju fans come to expect . the director was involved in power rangers and it shows . it comes off like a cross between et  always sunset on third street and tmnt . kudos if you know all  references .  br    br   rental at best or watch once if you buy it to complete the dvd series .  
this is a very odd film . . . i wasn  t really sure what is was about  some n london lowlifes find a mute kid in the woods that they all believe is some kind of oracle and somehow makes them all  in their own way  change something about their lives that usually ends in disaster . the film ended after about   minutes leaving me feeling quite unsatisfied  almost annoyed at the pointlessness of it all . i didn  t care about any of the characters  none of them get a chance to endear themselves to the viewer .  br    br   what was the message  am i being dim  it was just too odd . what happens to runner  why does emilio shoot the kid  . . . that made absolutely no sense  pointless . can someone help me understand this mess of a film   
i am rarely moved to make these kind of comments but after sitting through most of rankin  s dreadful movie i feel like i have really earned the right to say what i feel about it  i couldn  t actually make it right to the end  and became one of the half dozen or more walk outs  about    rd of the audience  after the ragged plot  woeful dialogue and insulting characterisation became just too much to bear . this film is all pose and no art . all style and no substance . it is weighed down by dreadful acting  a genuinely dire script  indifferent cinematography and student  level production values . how it got funded  started  and finished is a mystery to me . i bet you a million quid it never goes on general release . the proper critics would tear it apart . a really bad film . shockingly bad . a really really really poor effort and that is without even mentioning the gratuitous new  born  kitten  gets  dropped  into  a  deep  fat  fryer moment . totally meaningless  utterly lightweight  poorly put together this movie is a dreadful embarrassment for uk cinema .  
without question  the worst film i  ve seen for a long while . i endured to the end because surely there must be something here  but no . the plot  when not dealing in clichs  rambles to the point of non  existence dialogue that is supposed to be street is simply hackneyed characters never develop beyond sketches set  pieces are clichd . worse  considering its co  director  the photography is only so  so .  br    br   comments elsewhere that elevate this alongside get carter  long good friday or kaspar hauser are way way off the mark lives of the saints lacks their innovation let alone their depth and shading . in short  their craft . a ruthless editor could probably trim it down to a decent    minute short  but as it stands it  s a  th form film project realised on a million  pound scale rambling and bloated with its own pretensions . that it received funding  surely only because of rankin  s name  while other small films struggle for cash is depressing for the british film industry .  
the lives of the saints starts off with an atmospheric vision of london as a bustling city of busy  quaint streets and sunshine . i was hoping it would maintain this atmosphere  but it gets bogged down in a story that goes pretty much nowhere .  br    br   othello works for big  fat mr . karva  his crime  boss step  dad  at least i think that is what he is supposed to be because it  s never really defined  but he does drop kittens into deep fat friers  so trust me  he  s a prick  doing scrappy little errands while his skanky girlfriend gives daddy hand  jobs . one of his colleagues is runner  a black dude who is always dashing from a to b . until the day he comes across almost mute homeless child who grants him his wish of being able to stop running . runner dumps the lost boy in othello  s flat  where he promptly starts granting more wishes . keen to have some of his own desires fulfilled  karva has the boy kidnapped . but he isn  t sure of what would really bring him happiness . is it the innocence of being a child again or is it another hand  job  either way  i don  t want to see the little boy grant him the second .  br    br   it just takes ages to get going and there are loads of repetitive scenes . the ending tries to be shocking but since there  s hardly any back  story on investment in any of these characters it only serves as a release for the bored audience .  br    br   writer tony grisoni  a favourite of terry gilliam  tries to blend in some kind of religious allegory which ends up being pretentious as all hell  ironically . if he gave us something more accessible or at least had better explanations for the characters suddenly acting all weird then it would have been a more enjoyable film . as it is  we are introduced to a bunch of annoying loudmouths who then miraculously seem to develop intelligence when confronted by the mysterious boy . who  s origins are never revealed . that  s just plain irritating   br    br   aside from sporadic moments of atmosphere and a moody score  this film has little to recommend .  
i had watched  the eye  before i watched this one . i really liked  the eye   it was one of the best movies of the recent asian horror  cinema . so  i picked this  bangkok haunted  because it was the same director  and it was kind of popular round here . but man  what a disappointment . . .  bangkok haunted  are three stories about love  revenge  ghosts  etc . that are no scary at all  not even disturbing  as  the eye  was  . . . no nothing . i can  t even fill the   lines required for the comment . . .  br    br       boring .  br    br   my rate      
i completely agree with jamrom  . . this was the single most horrible movie i have ever seen . . holy crap it was terrible . . i was warned not to see it . . and foolishly i watched it anyway . . about   minutes into the painful experience i completely gave up on watching the atrocity . . but sat through until the end . . just to see if i could . . well i did and now i wish i had not . . it was disgusting . . nothing happened and the ending was all preachy . . no movie that bad has the right to survive . . i implore all of you to spare yourself the terror of fatty drives the bus . . if only i had heeded the same warning . . please save yourself from this movie . . i have a feeling those who rated it highly were involved in the making of the movie . . and should all be wiped off the face of the planet . .  
times are tough for angel town  gangs rule with an iron fist and for reasons mostly unknown  mainly due to embarrassing writing  the gangs want a street kid  martine to join the gangs  so they beat him up everyday . however due to the presence of an olympic kick  boxer  olivier  world  s lamest actor  gruner  named jacques  hope is on the way . angel town is seriously one of the most inept message movies ever made  and i  ve seen my share  it seems to consist of the idea that all gang infested neighborhoods need  are french kick  boxers who can  t act . worst of all there are so many awkward moments it  s just truly hilarious . best of all comes from the exchange between gruner and aragon which basically sums up how ridiculous this thing is . to wit  you like the fighting   olivier grabs his asian best friend in a headlock  i could kill him right  when i want him dead he dies  the reason why i don  t want him dead is because i  m afraid of him  and i know that if i kill him his son and wife will kill me  that  s why he doesn  t die    br    br   of course the fact that it  s wrong to kill someone  let alone your best friend is of course left out of the equation . odd .  br    br   however don  t let me make this sound that i hated this movie  far from it  it  s so terrible it  s priceless . the biggest laughs come at the end in the disastrous finale which sees grunner going one on one with gang  members who  the film  s biggest logic gap  decline the use of pistols . also a handicapped vietnam vet helps out by shooting his machine gun at the gangs  while gruner kick  boxes the rest . all of this set to the sound of horrible  mexican  accents and surreal energy that make this one memorable for fans of cinematic trash such as this .  br    br   the other treat about this movie  is that for some reason olivier gruner never attends college despite that  s the main reason he  s here in the states and not in france getting it on with his girlfriend  in a graveyard in the film  s awkward beginning  angel town is without a doubt a failure on all conceivable levels but if you laugh at moronic martial arts movies with insane levels of action that make no sense on any level  this is the perfect movie for you . on the other hand make sure to down tequila  like the laughable opening song details  ain  t no mercy in angel town   br    br    out of    bad   
olivier gruner stars as jacques a foreign exchange college student who takes on and single handedly wipes out a mexican street gang in this obnoxious and racist film which is so horrible that it  s laughable . bad acting  bad plot and bad fight choreography make angel town a turkey .  
oliver gruner is totally unknown to me . my friend showed me this film because he had seen gruner in  what he called a pretty good sci  fi film  nemesis . so as we watched this  we found ourselves fastforwarding through the bs drama parts just to get to the unbelievable action sequences . gruner loves to kick and kick and kick . and kick  haha  br    br   gruner character is a graduate student who is forced to stay in a ghetto close to the one that he grew up in . he finds himself watching after the boy who lives with him because he really wants to join in the mexican gang that keeps tormenting his family . instead of joining up  gruner tells the boy to fight back  against a gang  too crazy  . gruner plays a typical van damme character who kills everyone  or maims them pretty bad  and works to rid his block of these gangmembers .  br    br   the plot was very cheesy and easy to think of . gruner is probably not very well known because of his script  choosing if this movie is anything to compare possible choices to . this ghetto is pure hell and i enjoyed seeing the motley crew of characters go through it as if they have a chance against gruner  s character . the music was typical action music  thumping pianos and timpani  swelling guitars  which actually wasn  t as bad as i make it sound . the director really needed to keep the action going instead of taking a break every  minutes for a tense family moment .  br    br   ultimately  i gave it a     because it really tried to be an average action film for oliver gruner to star in  but the overall feel of the film leaves you wanting more closure on what you just saw .  
my kid makes better videos than this  i feel ripped off of the   .   spent renting this thing  there is no date on the video case  apparently designed by wellspring and  what  s even worse  there  s no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie  the only date given is      leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he  s getting a recent film .  br    br   this movie was so bad from a standpoint of being outdated and irrelevant for any time period but precisely when it was made  that i  m amazed that anyone would take the time and expense to market it as a video . it might be of interest to students studying the counter  culture of the      s  the anti  war  anti  establishment  tune  in  turn  on and drop out culture but when you read the back of the video case  there  s no hint that that is what you  re getting . if you do make the mistake of renting it though  it is probably best viewed while on drugs  so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors  fassbinder and fengler . regardless of your state of mind while watching it  i can tell you that it doesn  t get any better after the first scene so  knowing that  i  m sure you  ll be fast asleep long before the end .  
i sat through almost one episode of this series and just couldn  t take anymore . it felt as though i  d watched dozens of episodes already  and then it hit me . . . . . there  s nothing new here  i  ve heard that joke on seinfeld  i saw someone fall like that on friends  an episode of happy days had almost the same storyline  ect . none of the actors are interesting here either  some were good on other shows  not here   and others are new to a profession they should have never entered . avoid this stinker   
billy chung siu hung  s  the bloody swordplay film assassin from      film love to kill  hong kong       is among the strongest products of the category iii boom that inhabited the hk cinema in early nineties . it consisted of films with strong sex  nudity and violence  more or less gratuitous and shock valued only . love to kill definitely belongs to the  more  category with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid sickness .  br    br   the hk psycho anthony wong  from the award winning the untold story by herman yau  from the same year  plays a business man and a husband who likes to torture  humiliate and rape his young wife  elizabeth lee mei fung  who for some reason doesn  t leave him and save herself and their little son from the disturbed tormentor . a policeman  danny lee  the famous police character actor from films like dr . lamb       by billy tang  and co  directed by lee  and the killer       by john woo to name just a few  however sees the problem and starts to protect the wife and the son but anthony naturally doesn  t like this at all  and leads it all into the typical ultra  mean spirited and graphic finale during a rain storm .  br    br   the film is almost completely without any serious merits as it  s just a piece of exploitation in order to cash in when these kind of films were so popular . the imagery and happenings are something never found in the western cinema  at least in mainstream  and it all becomes even more mind  blowing when some  most taboos for westerners  like violence and perversions witnessed by a child  are broken in these films so often that reading the plotlines alone would make most viewers feel sick  and that goes perfectly especially for this film too .  br    br   the film still has a rather interesting and creepy soundtrack in the tradition of the mentioned dr . lamb which practically started the whole boom in     . usually the music and soundtrack in hk films is interesting and adds to the imagery  especially in these terror films . also the cinematography is worth mentioning as the film bathes  especially in the finale  in blue colors and camera lenses  as does assassin  too   and the raging storm is captured nicely on the camera . otherwise there  s nothing that would rate the film any higher other than on the nastiness  meter .  br    br   the actors and actresses are talented and professional and so don  t make the film any worse with their acting . still the film has the usual hk humor in it which makes the sick goings  on even sicker as some  humor  is thrown into the soup . that includes some jokes about danny lee  s erection and so on . . something that could never be found in the western  serious  films either . and that thing usually destroys mane otherwise noteworthy hk films as the humor is just so obvious way and attempt to entertain the audience and masses .  br    br   the film has a very high outrageousness level as it has numerous scenes depicting the abuse of wong  s wife in various ways . she gets raped and molested  beaten and kicked by her husband . we also get to see some flashbacks from wong  s own childhood which turns out to be equally violent as his own father killed too and turned his young son into what he is now . these flashback scenes  mostly at the end of the film  include also some totally unexpected experiences as the imagery is speeded up  for example the hits of an axe  and that creates completely insane and mean spirited atmosphere to the scene . again something that only hk exploitation makers seem to be able to come up with . the ending itself includes plenty of sudden and shocking gore as the madman wields his axe and meets also some nails  for example  on his furious way .  br    br   the film is also genuinely pretty  suspicious  in my opinion as the violence and terror is realistically painful and deals with things that should never be taken as entertainment  mostly i mean rape . the version i saw  i  ve seen two versions  includes a very long and completely nauseating rape scene that just tries to be as sadistic as possible . i  m not sure does the hk audience really like imagery like this but i think no one with some sense for morality in films  entertainment would never accept or make something like it . women get brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and low ways so that the fates of the men seem almost tame when compared to the females .  br    br   the other version i saw  the newly released dvd in hk  without subtitles  has this  table brutality  scene in a much longer form than the subtitled taiwanese dvd which is otherwise identical to the hk version . i  ve also heard that the old hk laserdisc is different from these two and since the end credits are filled with scenes and images not found in the actual film  it is impossible to say how  uncut  versions these that have been released or shown theatrically are . obviously plenty of footage has been cut out  possibly even before the theatrical release .  br    br   the film is written by law gam fai and lau wing kin  the former having written also films like dr . lamb  the untold story and gunmen  kirk wong       but out of his other films that i  ve seen  love to kill is the most gratuitous . dr . lamb and the untold story both are very brutal and violent but have also some attempt to some criticism towards the authorities and men in general as how it is easy to turn into a beast when chasing or fighting one . the harrowing torture imagery of the untold story  the victim being the criminal  is very strong and definitely has its impact to change something that may be rotten in the society and among the police for example . but there  s none of this in love to kill  it is just honest  calculated and fastly made exploitation which is  by the way  produced by a veteran director kirk  organized crime  triad bureau        crime story        wong   br    br   love to kill earns no more than     from me as i don  t have too high appreciation on films like this .  hk  cinema is meant to be and can be more and films like love to kill are only commercial parasites living among the real pieces of the art .  
this movie is really wack . there is really nothing nice i can say about it  besides the moral truth expressed in the film  s climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime . besides all that  the film had nothing no good shots  no good acting  and no good script . i give this film a f and a  out   .  
superhero movies pretty much always suck  and this is no exception . its only redeeming quality is the fact the movie could have been even worse . i would put  batman  robin  and  steel  above this movie  so yes it is that bad . . .  br    br   if your looking for a black superhero  check out  blankman  its not a  serious  superhero movie but at least its entertaining .  
the movie began well enough . it had a fellow get hit by a glowing green meteorite  getting superpowers  telekinesis  x  ray vision  invulnerability  flight  the ability to speak to dogs  superspeed  heat vision  and the ability to make plants grow large and quickly   and fighting crime . from there on it  s all downhill .  br    br   meteor man gets a costume from his mom  fights with the resident gangs  and has many aborted encounters with the gang leaders which serves to set you up for the disappointing  overlong  and stupefying ending .  br    br   it wouldn  t be so remarkably bad if it weren  t like watching a boxing match where the two fighters pretend to hit each other while the audience stands looking onward while the fighters just continue to dance .  br    br   despite all of this nonsense the movie has good points . it states clearly that if you try to take on a gang alone then they  ll come back to your home and hurt you . it states that gangs  communities need to see their real enemies  the big bosses that use them for their own ends to crush honest people into a ghetto existence  . it also states that people do not need superheroes if they are willing to work as a community do destroy the predators that harm them . the only message it really lacks is that the voters should ensure their elected officials  rudolph giuliani  marion barry  ronald reagan  george w . bush   george h . w . bush  aren  t crooks too .  br    br    
let me tell you something about this movie . i have seen it twice . the first time i was a kid and the movie was quite entertaining to me . i really liked it . i thought it was funny and interesting and the main character was kind of cool .  br    br   i saw it again a few days ago . it was horrible . really . i don  t know why i thought it was funny before but now . . . i didn  t laugh at all . there was nothing even slightly entertaining . it was just dumb . the story was weak . the acting was nothing special . there are great actors in this movie but still the acting is mediocre at best .  br    br   what is the worst is the fact that this movie is racist . really . don  t get me wrong  usually i don  t complain about racism in movies . however i have seen people complaining about the lack of black men in movies like  the shaolin temple  or about the fact that the only black man in  the street fighter  is one of the bad guys or . . . whatever  you get the point . there are people seeing racism everywhere . i wonder how would they react to a movie like  the meteor man  . why  i will tell you why . there are no asians in this movie . there are no white people among the good guys . in fact there is only one white guy in the entire movie and he is the leader of the bad guys . all the good guys are african americans . don  t get me wrong  i don  t care is the good guy is black or white or yellow or pink or green . . . what i do care about is the fact that we can barely see a white person in this movie . this is the only movie like that that i have ever seen . it is just not realistic . if there is only one black man in a japanese movie which is the case with  the street fighter  there is no problem  in japan most of the people are asians . but if there is only one white man in an american movie there is some sort of problem  in usa most of the people are white . it is like filming a japanese movie with entirely white cast and only one asian as a bad guy . just not real .  br    br   that is it . i am giving the movie the rate of     . it would be     if i hadn  t have fun with it as a kid .  
you know how sometimes you can watch a crappy movie with friends and laugh at all the shortcomings of the movie  well this was beyond that . i bought the dvd at tower records because it was like   .   and i  d heard this was a movie you could laugh at . it is really nothing short of pathetic . about   minutes into the movie  my friends started asking me to turn it off . around   minutes they begged me . after an hour  we compromised to fast forward to the end  so we could see how the conflict was resolved  and because we had been watching the whole time for matt walsh  . seriously  don  t watch this movie . it is beyond painful .  
well  i  d be lying if i said that this could easily rival spiderman or the batman movies . still  it was more appealing to me for it  s moral value . i first bought the vhs when my son was about  years old and it immediately became his favorite . my wife and i are avid supporters of robert townsend and have been since he used credit cards to finance his first movie   hollywood shuffle  . true  he needs to take advantage of the talents and knowledge of technical advisors to make the films more believable  but his movies are still fun .  br    br   meteor man provides a hero with an urban contemporary feel . i always felt that  if there were superheroes  they wouldn  t provide the same scenarios as depicted in the comics . meteor man is realistic hero with real problems car broken into  bad neighborhood  local drug  dealing gangs using children for distribution  etc . the scope of his mission stayed pretty much within the community .  br    br   what i found to be truly entertaining  outside of james earl jones   young forever  performance  was how the neighborhood responded to his newly discovered powers . it wasn  t long before they had a full agenda lined up for him  without his input  of course . it was hilarious to hear them offer to lend him out to other communities where their extended families lived .  br    br   yes  the plot was weak  the movie was predictable  there was bad acting and continuity was rotten  but it ranks   with my kids . robert townsend works to bring movies  home  so to speak . i doubt he  ll ever truly be recognized as the talented actor  producer  director he truly is  but there are and will always be  those that love him for his efforts .  br    br   one point to ponder about the film  which i find amusing throughout the entire battle with simon  no one bothered to call the police     also  what mother and father do you know that will watch their son fight from a window  my mother would have been right there  scrapping by my side  toe  to  toe . dad would be loading his pistol . lol  br    br   rent it and check it out . it  s worth seeing at least once and good for those of you that are fans of sinbad  luther vandross  bill cosby  big daddy kane  etc . great job with the cameos robert   
while it does crack the odd good joke  the humour is generally quite dry with members of the panel frequently pulling faces or resorting to coarse language and waiting on the crowd to applaud lame enough jokes .  br    br   unlike what an other comment says i don  t think this is the best rte have ever made  its really dry and sarcastic . sarcasm is the lowest form of wit  there are few truly funny intelligent gags that would make you genuinely laugh out loud . people seem to be convinced by the comedians well known names rather than by judging the quality of the gags which aren  t really that good . overall its mediocre with some good laughs to be had but often it can be fairly mediocre . its not as good as jasper carrot or dave allens stuff . i find benny hill funnier .  
absolutely one of the worst movies i  ve seen in a long time  it starts off badly and just deteriorates . katherine heigl is woefully miscast in a lolita role and leo grillo manfully struggles with what is essentially a cardboard cutout character . the only cast  member with any enthusiasm is tom sizemore  who hams it up as a villain and goes completely overboard with his role . the script is dire  the acting horrible and it has plot holes big enough to drive a double  decker bus through  it is also the most sexist movie i have ever seen  katherine heigl  s character is completely unsympathetic . she  s seen as an evil  wanton seductress who lures the poor  innocent married man to cheat on his wife . it is implied throughout the movie that she  s underage  and the message that accompanies that plot  strand just beggars belief  at the end  she isn  t even able to redeem herself by shooting the man who  s obviously  ha   become demented with rage and guilt  but the script allows him to kill himself  thereby redeeming himself in the eyes of males everywhere . horrible . don  t waste your time .  
the scenery is pretty and the dog is cute . other than that  this film has absolutely nothing to recommend it . jack warden is pleasantly genial as usual  but the script is so awful that even he comes off badly . the plot makes no sense  the dialogue is dumb  and there are numerous smaller faults . but the dog is cute . . .  
i rented this film thinking it was the sobbingly sad     version i saw as a kid . it was not . i was therefore very disappointed with what i felt was marginal acting  poor character development  and most of all  failure to highlight the relationship between the boy and his dog . in this version . . . the  dog of flanders  is just a cute  aside  to the movie . get the     version   
people love the original story for its ending . the hollywood style ending made this   version of  a dog of flanders  just for kids movie . i didn  t cry this time because the story was too hollywood . japanese tv series are much better .  
  the running jumping  standing still film  is not a film as such  but it is a short series of clips with a comical slapstick theme . this  film  got richard lester recognised and paved the way for him to direct the first beatles film  a hard day  s night  .  br    br   richard lester directed and wrote the music for his first film in     . this film was entitled the running  jumping   standing still film . it was intended to be viewed only by those who had aided in its production . since the film was intended to be viewed by lester and his partners alone  a small amount of money and time was invested . the sole purpose of this film is entertainment  but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experiment to work the camera . the film cost    to make  and it was filmed in sepia  toned film stock in a field on a couple of sundays . all of the shots that were filmed were included in the finished production the finished production is eleven minutes in length .  br    br   the running  jumping   standing still film is a comedy about english sundays and the small hobbies that people do to pass the time . all of the events in this film take place in a field . a few of these comical events include a woman scrubbing a lawn  a man running around a tree stump with a needle to play a record  a photographer developing film in a pond  an artist aided in painting by the numbers on a model  s face  a man building a tent  an athlete running over the tent  and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun . not only does the film poke fun at the hobbies that people do to pass the time away  but it also pokes fun at english culture when compared to american culture . another one of several events in this film includes a group of men and a kite  which has been constructed out of the flag of the united kingdom . one of the men jumps inside the kite while the other men attempt to fly it  and the kite breaks . according to neil sinyard  author of the films of richard lester  this event symbolizes the united kingdom as lesser in power and technology when compared to the united states during the space age . according to this scene  the british fly primitive kites while the americans  the world  power after world war ii  fly highly  advanced rockets and space shuttles .  
an interesting change from the first one . there was more mystery to this movie then the first . even when it ends your asking yourself what happened who was the killer . there are some good parts through the movie  the first half starts off slow and then in the last half the pace picks up . all up the movie is enjoyable . the story is   years after the events that occured in the first film  norman bates is out of an asylum and back to the bates motel  but when a woman turns up claiming to be his real mother  things start going wrong . perkins plays an aged norman well again and the scene at the end was excellent  he swang that spade awfully hard .  
horrendous pillaging of a classic .  br    br   it wasn  t written convincingly at all why mary should develop such sympathy for bates . he may be more stable until they start playing pranks with him  but he still doesn  t help himself at all with his actions .  inviting a comparative stranger to stay alone with him in his until recently disused motel telling the attractive young girl of his past mental issues lying about the knives  etc . . .  this  in addition to her previous knowledge should have kept mary extremely wary of him  but this somehow doesn  t happen just so they can play the  mistaken  identity  murder  game later on . which in itself is also ridiculous  so  and  so is the real killer  plus her as well  also him  there were too many contrived twists in order to slap a story on screen when the narrative didn  t need extending .  br    br   it was good to see perkins reprising his famous role again  but that  s about the only small pleasure to be had . it  s definitely not a patch on hitchcock  and if you have no intention of even trying to get close then you shouldn  t be bothering at all .  
this dumb comedy really does a good job of wasting comedic talent . in particular  dan aykroyd and howard hesseman are misused badly here . i might have chuckled once or twice during this film  but in general  it  s a boring movie  with a little bit of stupidity thrown in for good measure . the premise  although routine  still wasn  t bad  but once the plot was set  the film went nowhere . don  t waste your time with this misfire .  
i have seen a lot of movies in my life  but not many as bad as this . it is a movie that makes fun of fat people  has no real story  has bad actors  is not funny and much more . is this a movie that you would like to see  i guess not   br    br   i guess that the makers of the movie was trying to be original and creative  but it looks like it was made by a   year old child with absolutely no cinematic skills at all . the so called funny parts is as funny as throughing pies in the faces of people  or breaking wind . of cource if this is the kind of humour that you like  then this is the movie for you    br    br   dont waste your money on this movie   
this is without a doubt the worst movie i have ever seen . it is not funny . it is not interesting and should not have been made .  
this movie is so bad  it can only be compared to the all  time worst  comedy   police academy  . no laughs throughout the movie . do something worthwhile  anything really . just don  t waste your time on this garbage .  
his first movie after longtime friend john belushi  s death  aykroyd shows much fatigue trying to pull off a character that would have been a snap for belushi .  br    br   instead   doctor detroit  gives us bookish professor aykroyd masquerading as a weird  violent pimp to ward off a rival known only as mom . that  s bad enough  but he also has classes to teach  a school dinner to host  four ladies of the evening to protect and a pimp  s dinner  or something like that  to attend . no wonder aykroyd seems stupefied most of the time . why should the viewer be alone   br    br   it was on this film that aykroyd met future wife donna dixon . at least some good came out of this chaotic mess .  br    br   one and a half stars . you want good aykroyd  see  the blues brothers  . you want bad  see  doctor detroit  .  
you know those films that have you trapped in the cinema  you  re stuck there in the best seat in the house  centre of the row in your own special sweet spot that you swapped three times before you got just the right seat  and after about what feels like   hours you are still trapped there  uncomfortable and itchy  thinking  when the f is this film ever going to end      you know the feeling  think of a . i . and the village  .  br    br   well  visitor q delivers a weird variant of that feeling . i sat there for the first   minutes wondering when the thing was going to fing start  it is interminable  so  arty  it hurts . this is the first miike takashi film i have watched . apparently he makes films by the dozen and  if they are all pretentious wnk like this  i suspect it will be the last .  br    br   i  m not against pretentious wnk . david lynch is up there amongst the top   directors for me but visitor q is cut  rate  cheap  and nasty pretentious wnk .  br    br   as you may have worked out by now  i hated it .  
this movie was terrible . throughout the whole movie  i was puzzled and did not see any point to it . i had to go to this site and read the review to finally understand what it was about . this movie is not worth watching at all . not only is it sick and revolting but totally stupid  please don  t watch unless you are one of those that likes to watch bad movies . if this movie questions japanese society and their values and roles  than this is a country that i would not like to visit or bother to know . this is a totally sick movie         i did not enjoy it because it made no sense . my boyfriend and i sat there waiting to see if it was a horror because that is what it was listed under . it was total disappointment .  
  visitor q  is a failed attempt at black comedy which focuses on what might be the world  s most dysfunctional family including physical abuse from beatings to murder to incest to sodomy to necrophilia to a lactating mom who nurses her husband and adult daughter  etc . the film is so outrageous it garnered some critical praise and established a small cult following . however  with home video quality and a slapdash production   visitor q  just doesn  t hold up even as a curiosity . genitals are blurred out and sanitary appliances clearly visible  make  up is awful  and everything else is amateurish at best . a waste of time .  c    
this movie stinks . i don  t think i have ever seen a movie so strung up on shock value . the plot was relatively interesting  but the dialog was super flat and the acting was bland . this could have been an a good movie . i think it just relied on it  s grotesque visuals . i can usually handle graphic scenes and human taboos  but it felt like miike shot it for the sake of shooting it . just one poorly executed film . there just isn  t anything to be entertained by watching this film unless you are fascinated by exhausting yourself with explicit scenes of incest  pedophilia  necrophilia  rape  self milking  parental and sibling abuse  and fecal dispersement . i think i just sold the film to many of you  but i meant it when i said this stinks . he has succeeded in other films  but i think you  d be better off watching someone pooping .  
there is nothing cool  hip  or clever about this film   liking it just reveals an ignorance of true art cinema . how can you so easily forget that the central fact of this entire film is that these mean  ugly people are . . . serial killers  if they have to dismember total strangers in order to  be a family again   then we don  t want them to  be a family .  what part of that did you have trouble grasping  why applaud this filth   br    br   this silly filth is what you do if you can  t do art  one  s head  life must be deeply empty to mistake this shallow viciousness as  interesting .  this is a camera without a brain . what really makes an artwork cool is profundity  questioning the status quo from a perspective informed by a knowledge of history  or  in this case  a knowledge of anything would be preferable   . instead  this is just randomly piling up the ugliest images available in a world in meltdown  thanks to just the sort of empty meanness glorified as  cool cause it  s so far out  man    . these same violent events actually happen  every day . they are not  just in the film .  they refer to actual soul  less people who would do those same things to you . do you want those things done to you  a child could have thought this up  it required zero imagination  it is not surrealism . this lazy crap has no content  is saying nothing   it  s just the worst of the evening news   it is saying nothing new  nothing we don  t already know . it  s  the emperor  s new clothes   the director hoping there are enough uneducated children  proud of their streak of inhumanity  for this sloppy filth to fly . i can see director miike  s demented fans now chain  smoking teens  and  twenties drunks covered in tattoos  with metal hanging from holes punched in their faces  their knowledge  base inversely proportional to their intelligence estimate of themselves .  br    br   there is no plot to this   it is just sheer exploitation of shock  value violence . there is no  hidden meaning  anywhere in this poorly made film . it is fine to explore a film to see if you can find cinematic devices that are ingeniously artistic  but you cannot uncover a hidden meaning if one is not there  to do that you need to view  review a real piece of cinema . there are plenty out there  directed by fellini  bergman  fassbinder  herzog  altman  bunuel  kurosawa  lynch  tarkovsky  peter greenaway  tarantino  guillermo del toro  richard linklater  eisenstein  aronofsky  gus van sant  soderbergh  shyamalan  ordet . why don  t you view a real art film by the likes of these giants  this wannabe director  miike  will never make a film equal to one of the geniuses i just listed because he just doesn  t have the talent  anyone could slap together some chaotic crap like  visitor q .  teenagers could throw that together in one afternoon  there  s no message  no meaning  no plot  nothing to it at all . there are long lists of art films to learn from   but this  visitor q  is not an art film in any respect . it has no content to it . it  s just one banal horror piled onto another  and the point to remember about those hideous crimes is that those things happen  every single day  somewhere in the world . they are not okay because they are  just in the film .  they refer to actual soul  less people who would do those same things to you . do you want those things done to you  to others  why  because this world is already ugly enough  thanks to people who enjoy thinking about horrific events like this .  br    br   there are sooooo many art films out there to use your mind to deconstruct  but you are wasting your talents with this piece of crap . there is no deeper meaning . there is nothing to analyze why keep trying  i  ve spent nearly   years watching practically every film ever made  and keeping up with all the new ones  but i  ve never seen anything as disgustingly pointless as this . it  s not imaginative or even shocking  because these types of events happen daily all over the world . to make this film  or even to favorably review it  has caused over   young airheads who don  t know any better to think it  s  cool .  they may grow up thinking that  convincing others  some of whom may end up doing these things   convicted killers often reveal how they started out just this way  by being desensitized to the horror of this gruesome inhumanity . trust me on this    i know cool  and cool this piece of crap ain  t . visitor q has the feel of a genuine snuff film  and i  m still not sure it isn  t  actually .  br    br   your actions have consequences  son . the world is awful enough already . some violence like this could happen to you  or to the socially irresponsible director who cranked out this fake art film . believe me  you won  t be thinking it  s  cool  when someone is sawing your skull in half   
okay  so i get it . we  re supposed to be horrified . the idea has been planted . a girl is doing her dad and taking photos of it . call me over the shock  rock genre but i call for the explicit detailing of an act before i can fall for this . but don  t expect me to watch a soft  porn and become horrified that she is  doing her father  . . . i mean hasn  t that convention become a bit abused in the adult film industry already infiltrated with  rape  and molestation  porn . . . horror isn  t what your mind can fool you into believing . it is what actually exists in film . this is where miike fails in visitor q . extremism becomes mild when it becomes a choose your own adventure .  
this film is a twisted nonsense of a movie  set in japan about a dysfunctional family who end up with a strange violent guest who just sits back and watches the  members of the family at their worst . nothing is sacred in this movie  with sex drugs and violence stretched to such a limit i  m surprised it got past the censors .  br    br   overall  i think it will appeal only to those whom we shouldn  t be encouraging  rather than any supposed underlying message coming out for the rest of us to consider . a film that panders to the worst element in society and is in anyway utter gash . . . a disappointment from a man who made the sublime dead or alive and audition movies .  
this is the single worst movie i have ever seen . i cannot express how bad it is . i honestly wanted to kill myself several times through this atrocious experience just to have the pain end . i recommend instead of seeing this movie  you bathe in acid then you will at least know a fraction of the pain without all of the scars .  br    br   i had such high expectations when i read the back of the dvd case  and when in the beginning it added that jesus was following them i was so excited . . . then by the end i wanted to kill myself . i mean a twenty  three minute introduction to the most annoying characters in the history of cinema . . . just pain  monkeys could have done a better job editing this trash . at least they would have thrown feces and blurred some of the garbage . it would have made it better to have not seen any of the horror .  br    br   it wasn  t that i didn  t get the jokes  it  s that they were not only not funny  they repeated themselves like twenty times . apparently  something isn  t funny unless you see it like a million times .  br    br   do not under any circumstances see this . people have rated  manos the hands of fate  as the worlds worst movie . i have seen that too and agree that it is bad . . . but alas it is only the second worst .  fatty drives the bus  is by far worse .  br    br   this deserves all kind of harsh language  but i can  t write that here so just imagine i swore a whole bunch .  
i actually retired from asian horror films some time ago after becoming completely sick of seeing samey ghost story rubbish . however  i  ve been getting more and more into exploitation flicks recently  and so decided to give them another chance . my first port of call was highly rated director takashi miike  s highly rated  visitor q  . i  d already seen audition  and while i didn  t like it much  i do rate it as one of the better modern asian horror films . so  i went into this with sensible expectations and unfortunately  found only boredom . i suppose this movie is actually really clever and it just went over my head  but what it seemed like to me was simply a collection of violent and nasty scenes with little or no coherency between them . any comparisons to the work of luis bunuel and david lynch is blasphemous as far as i  m concerned all miike has done here is make a film any intelligence surrounding it has been implemented by pretentious fans  desperate to find some kind of meaning . my headache set in about   minutes in  after a father had sex with his daughter for some reason   and it didn  t subside until the movie finally ended at least twenty four hours later  or so it would seem . don  t get me wrong  i  m not against violence in movies and in fact actively seek out the most notorious films around but while this may be violent  it  s also pointless and boring and i didn  t get one ounce of enjoyment out of it . takashi miike may have a lot of fans  but i  m certainly not one of them and i certainly hope this is the last time i  ll come into contact with one of his films .  
anyone who could find redeeming value in this piece of crap ought to have their head examined . we have the submissive  heroin  addicted  part  time hooker wife with lacerations all over her body  lacerations received from repeated beatings by an abusive son . now  she is squirting breast milk all over the kitchen floor  the release so gained somehow akin to helen keller placing her hands in running water . we have the husband who starts out by patronizing a prostitute who just happens to be his daughter  she  s upset with him because he came too quickly  and ends by murdering his female colleague  having sex with her corpse  and then chopping her up . we have the kid who is relentlessly bullied by his classmates and who comes home and beats his mom . you see  it  s all circular . deep  huh  the only decent moment in this horrendous pile of tripe is when the dad murders his son  s tormentors . it  s a good thing this turkey was shot on video because otherwise what a waste of expensive film it would be . if that guy who thinks artists ought to be interested in this slop is really serious  no wonder most people think artists are insane . we saw this lousy movie  then put on  zero woman  the accused .  oh my god  it was a tossup as to which one was worse . what is going on in japan these days  sick  sick  sick .  
  big spoilers  i  ve seen one other takashi miike film  and that was the very disturbing and brutal  audition   which was an examination of the japanese ideals of femininity  in  visitor q   which i think means  visitor question   he examines  in a very disturbingly gross way  the family unit . miike  s surreal vision of a dysfunctional family almost tries to be lynchian in terms of confusion and film  making  but ultimately lacks the style and intrigue . we  the audience  are introduced to a bizarre array of scenarios from the opening scene with the father figure  kenichi endo  who was actually quite good  paying for sex with his displaced daughter  fujiko  . then  as the father returns home  he is struck on the head by  the visitor   kazushi watanabe  wielding a fairly sizeable rock  and for some reason  they both end up back at the family home . the mother  shungiku uchida  is beaten and bullied by her son  jun muto  who is also beaten and bullied by his school peers . when the visitor enters the home  he somewhat menacingly establishes himself as part of the unit . eventually  the family begin to improve their relationship  with assistance from the visitor  through milking breasts  murder and retaining a sense of family pride .  br    br   and there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family closer together . it  s has uncomfortable humour  but is equally frustratingly silly  and over  the  top in its weirdness . there is a necrophiliac scene that is utterly disgusting  but ends up being ridiculously funny as the scene progresses . partly because of the situation itself  and partly because you can  t believe the filmmakers and the actors are actually doing this  the style of the film is poor to say the least  and the plot is stupid and unbelievably weak . the characters themselves are all over the place  and while i understand this is not meant to be realistic  there is hardly any interest in these confronting characters and situations as all of them border on the absurd  the camera  work is sloppy  and doesn  t have that cinematic feel that lynch  s work entails . it  s hard to take this film seriously on a surrealist level  or on an interpretation of examining the family unit in japan . it just seems that miike was out to shock  and the film seems self  aware that it  s  trying  to be shocking  and it becomes almost comical to be taken seriously . all in all  i would say that this film is a bizarrely dark comedy  but it looks and feels amateurish  and seems to unnecessarily want to shock . miike  s previous film  audition  was finely balanced between disgusting horror  character development and technique  which established more intrigue in the way the film was crafted to allow the viewer to become engrossed with the plot .  visitor q  is a step down as it tries too hard to be outlandishly bizarre and intentionally confronting  without really having much to say in the process   br    br    out of    
i like billy crystal  and i thought it would be fun to watch this film  since i know he admired alan king and they would be funny together . i thought i had seen all billy  s movies but couldn  t remember this one  and now i know why . it  s so full of clichs and phony emotion you can smell each scene coming  and going   . billy doesn  t even get to be funny very often . he  s too busy trying to cry fake tears or show his angst at how badly his father let him down . alan king himself is fairly likable  as is the subplot about being an extra in the movies . but what a coincidence that billy just happens to visit his father just as a major health crisis takes place  etc . etc . or that two busy doctors can just shut down their practices to moon around in la . and when the end comes  boy  does it come quickly  almost as though the writers realized they had painted themselves into a corner and the only way out was to do a death scene . mostly disappointing with a few glimmers of good humor .  
billy crystal co  wrote  co  produced and stars in this extremely safe and comfy comedy  drama about fathers and sons  adult irresponsibility  and growing old . billy plays a heart surgeon who has a heart attack  ha ha  which causes him to seek out his estranged father  alan king   a movie  extra who fancies himself a big star . the script is sub  neil simon nonsense with one  liners galore  a flat  inexpressive direction by henry winkler  stuck in sitcom mode   and family  conflict at the ready . crystal and king try their best  but king is over  eager and frequently over  the  top . jobeth williams has another one of her thankless roles  but manages to bring her innate  down  home class to the proverbial girlfriend character . it  s a comedy  i guess  but one that blinks back the tears . . . shamefully .  from   
as a history nut who is particularly interested in this particular historical event  i was very disappointed with the movie . granted  the costumes and staging was quite authentic  but the hollywood portrayal of this  british little big horn  was truly boring .  br    br   the amount of film footage dedicated to marching or parading troops has to have been unprecedented in film history . eveytime i heard triumphant background music begin  i knew i had to prepare myself for another laborious scene of meaningless filler . obviously  the producers had invested heavily into  staging  and were determined to get their money  s worth .  br    br   despite the outstanding cast  their dialogue was  again  boring and their characters were never developed . whenever peter o  toole or burt lancaster finished a scene  i would cringe with disappointment . their given lines were so weak and meaningless that i could hardly believe these were the same two great actors who portrayed lawrence of arabia and the bird man of alcatraz respectively .  br    br   there are worse epics  but this one is not much better .  
bob clampett  s  porky  s poor fish  is a so  so cartoon populated by appalling puns and one or two nice moments . set in porky  s fish shoppe   porky  s poor fish  occupies an uncomfortable area between a standard black  n  white porky cartoon and one of the books  come  to  life merrie melodies that were popular at that time . typically of many of the early porky cartoons  porky is far from the star  appearing only in a rather stilted opening musical number and the climax of the film . for the rest of the time the star is a scraggly cat who sees the fish shop as an opportunity for a free meal but gets more than he bargained for . unfortunately  the audience gets far less than they bargained for . as was sometimes the case in the books  come  to  life series  the spotlight is thrown on punning signs which could have worked just as well in a non  animated medium . laughs are scarce and  while the cartoon is just about saved by clampett  s energetic direction  there is very little at all to recommend  porky  s poor fish  over any of the other below  par early porky cartoons .  
considering the risk of showing same  sex relationships before the late      s  personal best could have done better to play the same  sex relationship between hemingway  chris cahill  and donnelly  tory skinner  as a more than experimental phase of cahill  s life .  br    br   it seems to me that the creators of this movie threw in the same  sex relationship between two fairly attractive women in order to attract viewers . also consider the   seconds of exposing the crotches of several women jumping backwards over a high jump pole . this random scene had very little relevance to the movie and it appeared as though this was done merely to keep the audience interested in this bland movie . i suppose the producers were trying to counteract the boring plot and the even more boring setting of the movie  the     oregon track and field competition  .  br    br   this review may seem harsh  but it is the truth . the exploitation of young muriel hemingway  s body and the same  sex relationship ruined any credit that i would have given to this film .  br    br   pepper thompson  
this is just typical bruce willis  action movie schtick . watch it with some popcorn and your buddies . rent it  to save money .  br    br   none of it is realistic . the battles aren  t realistic . the soldiers aren  t realistic . the victims aren  t realistic . and why was tom skerritt  s character talking to willis from the deck of the carrier  what  s up with that  he can  t do that from inside the ship   br    br   of course  bruce w . gets a machete wound . there  s a bunch of average explosions .  br    br   if this movie accurately represents the navy seals  then don  t get stuck in africa expecting them to come rescue you   br    br   the noble attack on the village bothered me the most .  front row seats to an ethnic cleansing  . . . as bruce looks at the slaughter going on in town . so what does he do  he crawls into town on his belly . yep . how many died while they were putzing around  oh well . . . a body count was needed  i guess .  br    br   and if that one african guy was so important  why didn  t he get on the chopper with the elderly and children  can he say  duh    br    br   finally  the movie was very dark . not just in plot  but so much happens at night it was difficult to make out what was going on .  br    br   rent it .  
if you like to be entertained  do not go see this movie . if you like to see heroics of war  do not go see this movie . if you like to see good acting and an excellent screenplay  do not go see this movie . if you like typical hollywood war films that end just in time to give a politically charged appeal to the public about the greatness and glory of war  go see this movie . otherwise  don  t waste your time . i am always interested in war movies because i think that if they are done well  they can teach us something about the paradoxical and worthless qualities of war . this film shows a bunch of guys running around the countryside  saying whorrible cliche lines  doing the most predictable things  and defending the oppressed with the same exact force and brutality that was being given to the oppressed . this film is a disgrace to filmmaking and to the united states of america  can you imagine being a person from europe or africa  or any other country and watching this  being told that this is how americans truly are  no wonder everyone hates us  please  please  please  don  t waste your time on this piece of junk if you must  wait and rent it .      
how can a movie with amy  posey and raechel have nothing funny in it  believe it or not  house bunny  did this better and funnier . hopefully the principals had a good holiday and got some money  this movie is an embarrassment to all of them . it is a clich from beginning to end . clichs can work well with a script  or at least an idea . this movie does nothing but use clich after clich rather than ideas or script . it uses the preexisting persona  s of the actresses rather than develop characters . bad  sad  and rubbish . now i apparently have to have ten lines of text for a comment . really  why  as an it ops manager this is another example of sloppy coding .  
 . . . for the lt to have chosen this one . first  the film wasn  t horrible  it was just hollywood . worst case i  need  this  to  happen  or  we  have  no  movie scenario if willis  mission was to save the doctor  but she was adamant that her  people  make it out of the missionary  he would have put her on that first chopper and marched those refugees to the border without her . he would not have compromised his package for the refugees . that  s not how it works . but  as i pointed out  this is hollywood  we must have drama . this is why we make movies  because reality isn  t quite so complicated . however  i did think that willis and the good doctor had workable chemistry . that said  there are also some well done battle scenes in the film . it  s not a waste of time   tears of the sun  is worth the dvd rental fee . check it out on a rainy day and you  ll be satisfied .  
although a film with bruce willis is always worth watching  you better skip this one . i watched this one on television  so i didn  t have to plunk down cash for it . lucky me .  br    br   the plot develops slowly  very slowly . although the first   minutes or so are quite believable  it gets more and more unbelievable towards the end . it is highly questionable  if a seasoned soldier like lt . waters would disobey direct orders . and even if he would  if the rest of his platoon would . they know he puts them in direct danger  and they know they will certainly die if they follow him  but what the heck  he is our lt . so let  s do what he says  despite the direct orders  remember  .  br    br   still  there are some nice scenes in this movie . they somewhat save a village  where the total population is being massacred by the rebels . well  they save a dozen villagers or so  the rest was already killed . the strange part of it  that they did take the trucks which the rebels left behind . they rather go on foot . maybe because the roads are unsafe  but there was no explanation for it . anyway . i think this was what earned the movie the one point i gave it .  br    br   what made this movie an insult to the brain and hence completely unbelievable is that a group of  soldiers can kill of so many rebels without being hurt or killed themselves . only near the end they loose a few comrades . and that is only because they have to fight of an army of nearly    or more . can you believe that   br    br   they fight of an army of so many  kill hundreds of them  and only loose a few of themselves . and they have rounds and round of ammo . never run out of it . grenades and claymore mines  an m   machine gun and even an rpg . where do they get this stuff . carrying it around or what  they even got a laptop which shows them the activity of enemy rebels . and this laptop has a battery which goes on for days . really  who think up this crap .  br    br   i guess if you turn off your brain completely and accept that the rebels are a bunch of idiots  you give this movie a high rating . if not  skip this one . it saves you time .  
the first ten minutes of  just looking  really dictates the direction most of this movie takes . lenny  ryan merriman  is a   year old boy living in new york in the    s . he has a burning desire to see two people have sex . who are the best people he has in mind  well  his own mom and stepfather of course  how pleasant . unfortunately for lenny  he is caught before he sees anything and is sent away for the summer to stay with his uncle and his uncle  s wife .  br    br   lenny  s next plan is to see his uncle and his wife have sex . however  the wife is quite pregnant and they aren  t currently sleeping together . then lenny makes a new friend . him and his buddy spend most of their free time hanging around a couple of girls . they have a little club where all they do is sit around and talk about sex . the problem is . . . it  s not done in an innocent  charming      s sort of way . i am no prude by any means  but i found it rather disturbing listening to these kids talk about masturbation  blowjobs and anal sex . that kind of rawness may work in a movie like  kids        but in this film it just seems perverted .  br    br   gretchen mol is utterly wasted here as hedy  a former bra model who becomes the object of lenny  s carnal desires . jason alexander needs to stay as far away from the director  s chair as possible .  for better or worse        was awful and now this . what a waste .      
this is probably one of the worst french movies i have seen so far  among more than    french movies i have ever seen . terrible screenplay and very medioacre  unprofessional acting causes the directing powerless . with all that it doesn  t matter how nice western french scene and fancy music can add to the story .  br    br   one of the key weakness of this movie is that these two characters do not attract people  as an audience i don  t care what happens to them .  br    br   it amazed me how this movie won jury prize in cannes  man  i love almost all the awarded movies in cannes  but not this one . a major disappointment for me .  
you do realize that you  ve been watching the exact same show for eight years  right  i could understand the initial curiosity of seeing strangers co  exist on an island  but you  d think that after watching unkempt  stink  ladened heroes run roughshod through the bush with an egg on a spoon for half a decade would be enough to get you to commit to something a little more original  and interesting  .  br    br   and i  m not even speaking of the shows validity which for the record i find questionable . it  s just hard to suspend disbelief for  bushy bill  eating a rat when the entire crew of producers and camera people are housed in an air conditioned make  shift bio  dome sipping frosty mochcinno  s with moxy .  br    br   what  s the appeal here  i don  t care about these people or their meandering lives . i just don  t get it . but if you do find yourself being captivated by hairy  unwashed people  i suggest you turn off your tv and just take a trip to your local bus station where you can see people like this in their true habitat . they call them homeless people  and free of charge  you can sit back and marvel in their uncanny ability to retrieve various cigarette debris from a plethora of garbage canisters  eventually striking  pay  dirt  and fashioning a homemade dr . frankenstein  styled cancer  stick  all the while begging people for change for food when the stink of  aqua velva  on their breath is enough to suggest otherwise . and the best part  much like survivor  every week one member of the tribe  leaves  the  island  when they are unceremoniously sent packing to the local institution when the frightening unmedicated state of full  blown schizophrenia kicks into gear  now that  s entertainment   
how has this piece of crap stayed on tv this long  it  s terrible . it makes me want to shoot someone . it  s so fake that it is actually worse than a     s sci  fi movie . i  d rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense . i remember watching it when it first came out . i thought  hey this could be interesting  then i found out how absolutely  insanely  ridiculously stupid it really was . it was so bad that i actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table .  br    br   please people  stop watching this and all other reality shows  they  re the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create .  
this show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel . it is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera . it  s tries to use exotic locales as a facade to bring people into a phony contest  then proceeds to hook viewers on the contestants soap opera style .  br    br   it also borrows from an early cbs game show pioneer  beat the clock  by inventing situations for its contestants to try  overcome . then it rewards the winner money . if they can spice it up with a little interaction between the characters  even better . while the game format is in slow motion versus beat the clock  the real accomplishment of this series is to escape reality .  br    br   this show has elements of several types of successful past programs . reality television  hardly  but if your hooked on the contestants  locale or contest  this is your cup of tea . if your not  this entire series is as i say  drivel dripping with gravy . it is another show hiding behind the reality label which is the trend it started in     .  br    br   it is slick  well produced  so it might last a while yet . after all  so do re  runs of gilligan  s island  green acres  the beverly hillbillies  the brady bunch . this just doesn  t employ professional actors . the intelligence level is about the same .  
roy rogers and company try to bring  sintown  back to life  it  s a ghost town which may go boom if silver mining is successful . andy devine  as  cookie   slapsticks around . jane frazee  as carol  loses a piece of her bitches to mr . rogers  sharp leer . foy willing and the riders of the purple sage stand  in  or  is that sing  in   for the a . w . o . l . bob nolan and the sons of the pioneers . james finlayson  from the laurel and hardy films  adds to the  slapstick  look of  grand canyon trail  . a loose floor board delivers the winning comedy performance . mr . devine  s mule kicks its heels . there are energetic human performances  too  but  the material isn  t grand .  br    br    grand canyon trail       william witney  roy rogers  jane frazee  andy devine  
i  d have to say that this was a little embarrassing for the  king of the cowboys   made in      the picture came out a decade after roy rogers  earliest pictures in which he had a starring role . roy  s character comes off as a bit clueless in this one  along with his female co  star jane frazee  who alternates her allegiance between roy and robert livingston  portraying chief bad guy bill regan . the whole story seems kind of muddled  with missed opportunities for what could have been an entertaining hour or so . like the legend of the  hangman  s hotel  for example  which says the hanged man comes to life at midnight . with andy devine in the cast as cookie bullfincher  you would think the story would get a little mileage out of that set up . instead  you have some convoluted proceedings that would have been better served if this had been a bowery boys flick . it was a sad attempt at a haunted hotel gimmick that relied on poor old genevieve  who truth be told  wound up getting more screen time than trigger  who  s contract as  smartest horse in the movies  didn  t have anything to say about getting upstaged by a mule . and then you have foy willing and his riders of the purple sage replacing bob nolan and the sons of the pioneers for your musical interlude . i don  t know about you  but it was already half way into the picture and i was still looking for pat brady  oh well   br    br   yet there was still an interesting element to be found here if you were looking hard enough  and that turned out to be roy  s athletic dismount of trigger while still on the run from the bad guys . ok  it was probably a stunt double  but i haven  t seen that one before in a couple hundred westerns .  br    br   jane frazee does the honors as the female lead in this picture  as she would in four other films opposite roy in the          time frame . in  under california stars   she appeared as andy devine  s cousin  appropriately named caroline bullfincher . you  re never quite convinced what side she  ll come in on in this story though  since she starts out pretending to be someone she  s not  and winds up on the good guy side almost by accident .  br    br   fans of the old laurel and hardy films might be as surprised as i was to see james finlayson here as the sheriff of sintown . i would have liked a little more comedy relief written into his role  but he played it pretty straight after all . i had to wonder  when it was all over  why he and old vanderpool  charle coleman  wound up in the mine shaft with cookie when there was no reason for that to be . just a way to close it out i guess  with about as much thought as went into the rest of the picture . i hate to be that harsh  but if you  ve seen enough roy rogers flicks  you  ve got to know that this was not one of his finer efforts .  br    br   say  sintown  i wonder if that  s the same place that grew up to be sin city   
here are the matches . . .  adv .  advantage   br    br   the warriors  ultimate warrior  texas tornado and legion of doom  v the perfect team  mr perfect  ax  smash and crush of demolition   ax is the first to go in seconds when warrior splashes him for the pin     adv . warriors  . i knew ax wasn  t a healthy man but if he was that unhealthy why bother have him on the card  this would be his last ppv . eventually  both legion of doom and demolition job out cheaply via double disqualification     adv . warriors  . perfect applies the perfect plex on texas tornado for the pin . he then attempts the same on warrior but warrior no  sells it and kicks out . warrior comes back with a splash to pin perfect and become the sole survivor .      br    br   the dream team  dusty rhodes  koko b ware and the hart foundation v million dollar team  ted dibiase  mystery partner and rhythm and blues   the mystery partner is the undertaker and  on his debut  makes an impact disposing of koko straight away with the tombstone  monsoon still manages to say his correct height  weight and finishing move while pretending not to know who he is  making it    to dibiase  s team . niedhart power  slams honky for the pin      and his career with the wwf is over . shortly afterwards  it is niedhart who falls victim to dibiase with help from virgil     adv . dibiase  s team  . rhodes next after an undertaker double axe  handle off the top rope but doesn  t leave quietly attacking brother love . undertaker goes after dusty and gets counted out despite not being the legal man     adv . dibiase  s team  . almost straight after  greg gets caught in a cradle by hart trying to put the figure four leg  lock on him and gets pinned . it comes down to hart v dibiase and after a few minutes of nice wrestling  bret gets his body  cross reversed by dibiase for the pin . dibiase is the sole survivor . at least hart is put to good use .      br    br   the vipers  jake  the snake  roberts   superfly  jimmy snuka and the rockers  v visionaries  rick  model  martel  warlord and power and glory   after spending some time in the ring  marty jannetty gets power slammed by warlord as he comes off the top rope for the pin     adv . visionaries  . snuka gets pinned in seconds by martel who reverses his body cross     adv . visionaries  . michaels gets caught in the power plex and pinned by roma     adv . visionaries  . it is now roberts against four men resembling his survivor series effort two years before . despite hitting warlord with the ddt  roberts gets counted out chasing after martel . the visionaries are the first team in survivor series history to completely survive as one . not much here worth watching to be honest as the psychology is rushed .      br    br   hulkamaniacs  hulk hogan   hacksaw  jim duggan  bigbossman and tugboat  v natural disasters  earthquake  dino bravo  barbarian and haku   one bossman slam eliminates haku early in the bout     adv . hulkamaniacs  . duggan gets his  by  out after whacking earthquake with it to get disqualified      . bravo commits career suicide shortly afterwards by allowing hogan to cradle him for the pin     adv . hulkamaniacs  . earthquake manages to overcome bossman with two elbow drops for the pin shortly afterwards      . hogan gets beat down and finally tugboat gets a tag  who knew he was there at this point    he wrestles for about   seconds before getting counted out with earthquake . only hogan and barbarian left . barbarian puts in some nice offence but inevitably gets caught in the big boot and leg drop for the pin . hogan is the sole survivor .      br    br   the alliance  nikolai volkoff  tito santana and bushwhackers  v mercenaries  sgt slaughter  boris zhukov and orient express   all of the mercanaries wore camouflage face paint . lightning quick pins here with santana pinning zhukov in his last ppv in seconds     adv . alliance  . there wasn  t even a bolshevik showdown . bushwhackers hit sato with the battering ram even though tanaka was the legal man     adv . alliance  and would be his last appearance on wwf ppv as the orient express get repackaged . tanaka follows sato when santana stuns him with the flying forearm     adv . alliance  . despite slaughter getting in the ring against four men  he eliminates volkoff  who  s career is over after this   butch and luke in that order with relative ease . finally  santana beats slaughter by disqualification when general adnan hits him with iraqi flag . at last some interesting booking even though the match was awful . santana takes the upset victory as the sole survivor and becomes his last finest hour .      br    br   the egg hatches and it  s hector guerrerro in a silly outfit . he dances with gene okerlund and gets booed by the crowd while piper and monsoon pretend they are enjoying it .  br    br   match of survival ultimate warrior  hulk hogan and tito santana v warlord  power and glory  rick  model  martel and  million dollar man ted dibiase just merely another catalogue of eliminations as santana pins warlord in seconds with flying forearm at least avenging his previous summerslam defeat     adv . dibiase  s team  . dibiase stun guns santana afterwards for the pin     adv . dibiase  s team  . hogan kicks out of the power plex and proceeds to pin roma after a clothesline  effectively killing off power and glory  s push     adv . dibiase  s team  . hogan eliminates martel by count  out and dibiase with the leg drop for the pin     adv . hogan  s team  . hogan finally allows warrior into the match who quickly disposes of former nemesis hercules after a splash . a very predictable ending to the point of nauseous .      br    br   overall  too many matches and too little time obviously had a detrimental effect as the wrestlers were almost waiting on a conveyor belt to be pinned . most of the heels were decimated by warrior and hogan which is a poor way to handle a great roster of wrestlers .  
they really can  t get stupider than this film dealing with  losers who try to capture the college spirit during the annual spring break festivities at many of our higher schools of learning . the problem is that these losers try to do this   years after their college years when one is assigned to watch over the daughter of a woman senator being groomed to be the next vice president .  br    br   trouble is that her daughter is anything but popular  but of course she comes out of all that . the girls go through drunken rages  exotic dancing and other absolute nonsense .  br    br   it really can  t get much worse than this awful film .  
this one was marred by potentially great matches being cut very short .  br    br   the opening match was a waste of the legion of doom  but i guess the only way they could have been eliminated by demolition was a double  dq . otherwise  mr . perfect would have had to put in overtime . kerry von erich  the i  c champ  was wasted here . and this was the third ppv in a row where perfect jobbed . remember  before that he never lost a match .  br    br   the second match was very good  possibly the best of the night . ted dibiase and the undertaker were excellent  while the jim neidhart had one of his wwf highlights  pinning the honky tonk man . koko b . ware continued his tradition of being the first to put over a new heel  remember the big bossman and yokozuna   . this was a foreshadowing of bret hart  s singles career  as he came back from two  on  one and almost survived the match . he and dibiase put on a wrestling clinic  making us forget that the point of the match was dibiase  s boring feud with dusty rhodes .  br    br   even though the visionaries were the first team to have all of its members survive  and only the second since    to have four survivors   this match was not a squash . this was the longest match of the night  and jake did a repeat of his    performance when he was left alone against four men and dominated . i think he could have actually pulled off an upset . these days  the match would have ended the other way around .  br    br   one of the shortest ss matches ever was also one of its most surprising . possibly the most underrated wrestler ever  tito santana was the inspirational wrestler of the night  putting on war paint and pinning boris zukhov  tanaka  and even the warlord in the final survival match . it was so strange to see him put over so overwhelmingly  then go right back to his mediocre career . sgt . slaughter also did well  getting rid of volkoff and the bushwhackers  but that just wasn  t a surprise . tito was .  br    br   i think the only point of the survival match was to have hogan and the warrior win together at the end .  br    br   this show was boring and the matches were too short . the undertaker  s debut was cool  but tito santana is the reason i will remember this one .  
yes  marie dresler drinks prune juice that she thinks is poison and she exits running .  br    br   dresler is good . never my cup of tea but she is a solid performer who surely holds the screen .  br    br   i watched this for polly moran  whom i  ve seen elsewhere . here  moran is ok   just ok   as dressler  s shrewish friend  foe . too bad she has sunk into nearly total oblivion .  br    br   the plot is good hearted . bad guys try to rob the townspeople . dressler triumphs and all ends well .  br    br   i do wonder about the central plot mechanism bonds . this came out during the depression so maybe everyone was familiar with bonds and what they can do if used well and if used wrongly . i  however  not of that era  am vaguely familiar with them . they  re like stocks only different  right  it seems odd to build a story about the little man around a somewhat sophisticated monetary entity .  
in      childhood friends marie dressler  as maggie warren  and polly moran  as lizzie praskins  oversee the wedding of their children  anita page  as helen  and norman foster  as john  . before the celebration  ms . dressler turns the reigns of her small town bank over to her son  mr . foster . six years later  the great depression brings many bank closures  and financial insecurity . banker foster is able to survive  due to mother dressler  s wise planning . but  ms . moran is worried about her fortune  and loudly demands a complete withdrawal . other  warren bank  customers hear moran  s rant  and start questioning their own solvency . soon  the family is in financial crisis .  br    br   dressler  s huge critical and financial film hit  emma  had been released early in the year  and mgm had to have wanted to get a new dressler film out as soon as possible . dressler  s     hits   reducing  and  politics  were still making a lot of money and  dressler had become      s us   box office star  according to the industry standard list compiled by quigley publications .  prosperity  certainly celebrated dressler  s status  but the production appears uncharacteristically sloppy  and rushed . the cast does well  considering . some more care in direction and editing  and some retakes  would have helped apparently  they needed it in theaters for the holidays .  br    br    prosperity           sam wood  marie dressler  polly moran  anita page  norman foster  
marie dressler carries this depression  era drama about a kindly bank owner  which recently aired on tcm during their april fools comedy month . if you come with the expectation of big laughs courtesy the dressler  polly moran team  you  ll be disappointed  as this is really a very downbeat film . it  s also very poorly made  surprisingly so considering it came from mgm . leonard smith  s bare bones cinematography is strictly from the  set up the camera and don  t move it  school  frequently to the detriment of the cast  who find themselves delivering lines off screen  it  s like a pan and scan print before such existed   or having their heads cut off . the film doesn  t even have a credited director  underlying the apparent fly by night nature of the production . overall  it  s an unsatisfying mess  with dressler frequently over  emoting and only that bizarre  final reel dash to the bathroom to set it apart .  
ugh  another one of those  fooled by the cover  dvds . i expected some kind of action at least with bears  cats   such on the cover . i got nothing  bad movie  .  br    br   i forced myself to watch this all the way through thinking that eventually something would happen . . . no luck .  br    br   now the reason i gave this a  is because of the scenery otherwise it sucked .  br    br   the kid was terrible  talking to himself  although i suppose they couldn  t just run a movie with dumb music and no dialogue at all   doing his lame karate stances to a tree stump  threatening a raccoon  munching on worms  and  what a dumbass  kicking a porcupine . and he wouldn  t be pulling those quills out that easily either . . . they stick like fishhooks . at least he fought the bear  weakly  a couple of times .  br    br   what was up with the flashback thing  it made a bad movie even worse . i wanted to see a survival movie  not some dramatic bs about a kid suffering thru divorce .  br    br   what else can i say  well  maybe they should have had the bear eat the kid or something . at least that would have been more exciting .  br    br   people  don  t waste your time on this one .  
ever wanted to eat worms  here  s a  documentary  to show you how  yeah . . . the kid eats live worms  and that  s about the most interesting part of the movie .  br    br   this movie has been pretty well summed up by previous reviewers as rather boring . i  m totally in agreement here . the movie just doesn  t go anywhere . . . . unless you  re fond of worm eating  this is one movie it  s almost impossible to write a spoiler for . . . . because nothing much happens .  br    br   now on the technical side they should have given that kid a haircut . who  s he trying to look like anyway . . . bozo the clown . it was almost comical . . . i almost expected him to turn into the shaggy dog or something .  br    br   and on top of that the kid was way too chunky to ever look hungry  should have kept him off the junk food for a couple of weeks before filming .  br    br   all in all  this movie nearly put me to sleep . and my kids could only handle about   minutes before they left the scene for something more interesting .  br    br   i will admit that the scenery was very impressive . and had there been a decent story to go with it  it might have made a hit .  br    br   it did seem safe enough for kids to watch the bear scenes and the  oddball  eyeball were too weak to frighten most kids  and the brief  skinny  dipping  scene didn  t show anything .  br    br   i gave this one a very generous  .  
what horrible writing and acting . no personality . what  you can  t make a good movie with a single character  hmm  it was done in castaway with self dialog .  br    br   so this kid goes on a trip to see his father . the kid  jason  takes a plane and the pilot has a heart attack and dies mid  flight . so the kid crashes in a lake and survives . then he runs around  surviving in the wilderness until he gets rescued .  br    br   during that time he fights a bear twice . the first time he fights it off in the lake . the second time he makes a spear out of a branch and spears the bear . two shots of fake blood spurting out of the bear  s chest reminded me of monty python  s  the holy grail  .  br    br   also the kid decides to kick a porcupine with predictable results .  br    br   gag .  
in my lit . class we  ve just finished the book  hatchet  and this movie is nothing like the book .    brian never ate worms in the book .    he didn  t know the pilot  s name .    his mom was cheating on his father in a station wagon not in the woods where anyone could see .    the man the mother is cheating with doesn  t have black hair  he has blonde .  br    br   now for the unrealistic parts of the movie    a thirteen year old can  t punch his fist through a window in one punch .  br    br   and for the acting  the kid who played brian was a horrible actor .  br    br   however  i do believe that the scenery was impressive  though i highly doubt the director even read the book .  br    br   this movie is good if you have not read the book hatchet  by gary paulsen  but if you have  then begin a complaint letter to the director .  
i came away from this movie with the feeling that it could have been so much better . instead of what should be a gripping  tense story of a boy  s fight for survival in the wilderness  it comes off as a national geographic documentary meets columbia sportswear ad .  br    br   the film begins with brian  jared rushton  preparing for a journey by plane to see his father . his mother fortuitously gives him the curious choice of a hatchet as a going  away gift  what  s wrong with a rubik  s cube    little knowing how badly he will soon need it . once in the air  the plane  s pilot  a blink  and  you  ll  miss  him cameo by ned beatty  suffers a fatal heart attack  leaving brian helpless as the plane crashes into a lake . extremely lucky to walk  or rather swim  away virtually unscathed  brian must find shelter  food and hope for rescue .  br    br   here is where the main problem with the movie begins . by the very nature of brian  s solitude  jared has very few lines to speak  and so the film ought to have compensated by ratcheting up the tension of each scene . instead  he is shown walking around  sitting around  and so on  with only a minimal sense of danger . as a result  too much reliance is placed on flashbacks to the parents  troubled marriage as the source of tension . these scenes merely get in the way and don  t particularly add much to the story . even worse  occasionally jared  his face covered with mud  lets out a primal scream or two  which conjures up unfortunate parallels to predator .  speaking of unfortunate  we could have done with being spared the sight of his mullet  but it presumably helped keep him warm at night .  br    br   another disappointment is pamela sue martin in a totally ineffectual performance as the mother . both she and the father have very little impact in the movie . for instance  we are never shown how they react to news of brian  s disappearance  how they might be organizing rescue attempts  and so on . this is just one source of tension the film  makers would have done well to explore instead of spending so much time on events that happened before brian embarked on his journey .  
this clunker of a film sets a new standard for bad filmmaking . jared rushton gives an adequate performance of a very poorly  created character in an ill  fated movie  thereby creating a net effect of a very bad movie . the film  s main thrust is how a boy  s temporary excursion into the canadian wilderness after surviving a plane crash solo allows the disgruntled adolescent to deal with his anguish over discovering his mother  s extramarital affair . unfortunately it turns into a bizarre collage of random  survival events   including two especially hokey scenes involving fighting a bear  and strange hallucinations that make you wonder if this kid isn  t just sitting in an alley somewhere on pot dreaming up this whole movie  and what a nightmare it is   . furthermore  despite the heralds of some reviewers of the family viewability of the film  there are several scenes not suitable for very young children or family viewing  including a graphic scene of the dead pilot underwater with one of his eyes apparently exploded .  br    br   all in all  a terrible movie that nobody should be subjected to  much less innocent kids .  
amy poehler and rachel dratch are among the funnier women to have been on  saturday night live  . it  s unfortunate that they  along with tina fey and maya rudolph  were on snl during the longest stretch of unfunny writing and sketch  making  circa           the show has ever had . still  these two women most especially know what  s funny  and they know how to write a funny movie .  br    br   you  ll notice in the credits of this movie that dratch and director ryan shiraki wrote the story for  spring breakdown   but who wrote the actual screenplay  consisting of dialogue and all the important fill  in  the  blank material that makes a story into a multidimensional movie  yep  just shiraki . just one guy wrote the dialogue for this movie  and no women apparently wrote the script with him . the result is a pretty clich spring break movie that doesn  t so much spoof the faux holiday as much as exploit it equally as much as mtv does every year .  br    br   if dratch  poehler  and even co  star parker posey could have contributed their handwriting to the screenplay  it would have been far less clich . the premise is original  being about three thirty  something women who were unpopular in high school  and apparently college  too  who never had the fun spring break trip they allegedly dreamed about . i say  allegedly  because you never quite know what fun is to these characters . they entered talent shows in the past where they sing stale pro  woman anthems like  true colors   and spend their nights together holding make  your  own  pizza parties . even though none of them are especially unattractive  the outside world appears to treat them like they are . there  s a scene where a blind student of poehler  s  played by poehler  s real life husband will arnett  asks her out on a date  only to touch her face and immediately change his mind . if poehler  s character is supposed to be unattractive  they obviously hired the wrong actress .  br    br   the movie continues to show promise  even though we have our doubts about the main characters  when posey  s boss  texas senator  kay bee  hartmann  jane lynch  funny as always  hires posey to watch over her unpopular college  age daughter  amber tamblyn  playing yet another woman who  s attractive in real life  but not in the eyes of any characters in this movie  while she goes to a laguna beach  like vacation spot for spring break . poehler and dratch come along  they reluctantly get boozed up  party like they apparently should have when they were in college  and then comes the ultimate showdown with the sorority bitches lead by sophie monk .  br    br   sophie monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has a body both women and men would kill to have for different reasons . unfortunately  her movie career is off to a rough start with the abominably unfunny  date movie        and the disappointing  click        . here  she plays a southern belle  although her voice sounds like she stole delta burke  s voice box . she hams it up a little too much  trying too hard to play a conniving bitch that she comes off as much like a caricature of spoiled college kids as the rest of the extras .  br    br    spring breakdown  was released straight to dvd despite the star power of amy poehler  but rightly so because the story is way too clich . it may as well have been called  national lampoon  s spring breakdown   and the magazine probably wouldn  t have sued for trademark infringement because of the free publicity . if director shiraki had given at least one woman the creative input  especially rachel dratch  this movie would have been great and not nearly as run  of  the  mill as frat  house comedies we  ve seen before . i know dratch will come up with another funny concept  and hopefully be allowed to fill in the rest of the screenplay herself . she  s funny enough  and she deserves better than this half  baked comedy that would accept stiffler  s brother with open arms .  
i wish i could give this movie a zero . cheesy effects and acting . the only reason to see this movie is so you can see how bad it is . lets start with the kid who plays brian . what a geek  i couldn  t believe the mullet  then there was the talking to himself . i guess they couldn  t just have the movie be silent  but still . of course they had to have him skinny  dipping too  not something i wanted to see . but jared gave a great performance  compared to the special effects department . everything from the bear to the crash was something i could do myself  and better . i seriously doubt that gary paulsen had anything to do with the production  seeing as the movie was not even called hatchet . finally  i do not think the writer had ever read the book  seeing as nothing was the same . i think the book was great  but this movie stunk like a smelly goat   
  bad stuff this movie is real crap . bad stunts for one thing  they looked so fake i thought this was  the twilight zone  . the flashbacks are pretty much useless . one part of the movie he thinks taking his anger out on a window will make his life better . i wanna know the casting director and if he was high because the acting  even from the adults was horrid . a kissing scene in this movie even sucked . this movie killed the book . the book was great . i highly do not recommend this movie . not even for educational purposes .  br    br    good stuff i don  t know what i can say really . there is some suspense parts that get you going  but they are quickly shot down by the bad stunt work and acting .  br    br    my verdict do not watch .  
i had never read gary paulsen  s novel  hatchet  for which  a cry in the wild  is the adaptation of  so i can  t make any comparisons to the book . i will  however  say that as a film on its own  adaptation or no adaptation  it was an underdeveloped adventure that provides no major explanation of its few characters .  br    br   think of  a cry in the wild  as a less luxurious  teenage mountaineer  was quincy  california the only place this was filmed   version of  cast away .  jared rushton is    year  old brian roebson  a kid headed on a small plane to visit his father  until the craft crashes over some deserted mountain terrain  leaving the kid stranded for quite a while and having to defend himself .  br    br   there are basically three parts to the film . the obvious being the ten or fifteen minute introduction of the characters  namely brian and his mom .  br    br   the next third of the movie  which really consumes nearly all of the film  is that of brian  roughing it .  these scenes contain no particularly amazing action  nothing spectacular other than lots of beautiful cinematography of a beautiful yukon landscape . nothing to put you on edge  no real encounters  except a brisk confrontation with a cub   and no major dilemmas to initiate some sort of enjoyment or connection with the character on the screen . you might even feel briefly bored with the passage of time as we witness brian dealing with his situation through first  primitive means  and then more improved ones  using tools  etc  for his survival . it is more like the ordinary time that passes if you were actually stuck in the situation  and that is pretty much about it . in other words  they put no meat on the paulsen  s words when they translated them into a visual media .  br    br   and  of course  the third part of the movie is his rescue .  br    br   there is a subplot that continuously seeks to make itself known during this time  however . some conflict between brian and his parents that created a rocky  awkward relationship between them . however  for the most part  it is only explained in brief  intermittent  minimal dialog flashbacks that look more like a back story for a music video . any minute  the singer from jefferson starship  should chime in an start singing  sara .  other than what the viewer can draw from the implications  or guess for his own need to fill the gaps in the narrative  we get a very underdeveloped back story which was probably necessary to enjoy at least part of this film and create a connection to the characters  whether or not it really had anything to do with brian  s survival adventure in the third part of the movie . these are the flaws in the narrative that through the viewer into a stupor as he struggles to find out what the heck those people there on the screen are doing and  for me  almost done to the point of screaming at the television to say something and tell me more   br    br   it certainly was not  for me  a good adventure tale . but  for fans of jared rushton  it was one of the last few movies he made . so  watch it purely for nostalgia  if nothing else .  
after seeing only half of the film in school back in november  today  i saw that it was on flix channel and decided to watch it to see the rest of it and to write a new review on it .  br    br   the book that the film is based on  hatchet  is ok . this is a terrible adaption of it though .  br    br   awful  and i mean awful  acting  bad dialogue  and average cinematography make up this terrible adaption of hatchet .  br    br   the film starts off brian who is the clich image of a late   s teen  sporting a mullet  banging his head to cheap   s rock music  and his mother driving in a car for him to get on a plane to fly up to see his estranged dad  his parents are divorced . . . now cue the dramatic pause .  now brian has said goodbye to mom and dog and is flying up to see his father . the pilot is a fat  ugly  rude man  wasn  t like that in the book  who after  minutes in the air  has a heart attack and dies . in the book it goes into more detail with the pilot having more pains and it seemed to be that they were in the air much longer before the pilot had his heart attack .  br    br   the plane  within another two minutes  has gone empty on fuel  leaving us  the viewers  to assume that he  s been up there for hours even though the sun hasn  t changed position and the scenery looks exactly the same .  now  s he  s crashed landed .  br    br   this is the point in the movie where everything is a lot different then it was in the book . in the book it said his jacket was torn to shreds but in the movie it is perfectly fine with no tears or rips  looks like he just bought it   it never said he climbed a mountain  saw a wolf  and fell asleep up there on the mountain  it never said he was attacked by a bear  it said a moose but not a bear   it never said he eats the several bugs that he does  it never mentions the second tornado or that he learned to get those sparrows  skin them  and eat them or that little fish farm trap that he makes  that is destroyed by one of the tornadoes  nor does it mention him hurting his ribs from one of the tornadoes .  br    br   i don  t even think you can call what was depicted in the film a tornado . all it was was just a windstorm that knocked down several of his things .  br    br   my favorite part of this camp fest was brian  s lame flashbacks  that are never mentioned in the book  especially the clich scene of brian waking up  walking over to the window and seeing his dad  with all of his things packed that can all perfectly fit into just the back of his truck  leaving and screams  daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddddddddd       yet of course his father didn  t hear him even though he was just right outside  and he punches his fist through the window  wtf    br    br   the ending is the only thing that is close to what happened in the book  i said close .  in the book i think one of the key things that the rescue pilot said to brian when he landed was  you  re the kid who they  ve been looking for  they stopped months ago . . .  yet they left that line out in the movie .  br    br   there  s a pathetic epilogue with brian  somehow without counseling or therapy  getting back to normal with his family . i think we were supposed to assume that they were getting together for thanksgiving  because they had a turkey on the counter .  then it shows his temporary home  for what  in the movie  seemed like three days  but in the book was for several months  and his hatchet  still in a tree where he left it  also didn  t happen in the book  showing where he carved a message  so perfectly done  home   where we really supposed to believe that he carved that that perfectly with just that hatchet    br    br   no quote can sum this movie up better then when enid from ghost world said  this is so bad it  s gone past good and back to bad again .  perfect description of this movie .  br    br   i wouldn  t recommend it to somebody  who hasn  t read the book  and are just looking to watch a movie nor would i to somebody who has read the book  because they  ll be disappointed and bored to death .  br    br   for those who have read the book  leave what your imagination created as the movie . this is awful and will bring down your thoughts on the book .  br    br        
another big star cast  another glamour  s set  another reputed director  another flick filled with songs that  s topping the chart buster  but alas what  s missing at the day end is a story that every moviegoer expects of from such a big budget motion picture . so much hype is what that was lurking around the movie before it  s  red carpet premiere . a hype which went to an extent where anil kapoor envisages that the movie would be one of the finest love stories ever made after dilwale dulhaniya le jayenge . well anilji  which movie were you speaking of  well the plot of the movie is about  different couples and   different people  who have a total different stance towards life  but despite their different approach towards life they all have one common problem  that  s love . well indeed a luring theme . but little did we expect that the movie would be such boredom that it will let down the last expectation the audience would have from such a multistarrer movie . these are kinda movies which i totally abhor because after spending a hefty buck for a multiplex ticket i get locked in the theatre for  hours just waiting in agony for the climax .  br    br   the trouble begins right from the start . the director gets so confused with the plot that somewhere even he gets baffled as to how to share the time slot to six different star casts . some of the couples like anil kapoor  juhi and sohail khan   whoever the female is opposite to him  just doesn  t make any sense for their existence in the movie . salman  who calls himself rahul in a weird manner for the entire movie . well something like rahoooooool  again as usual tries to be extra cool with his videsi kinda hindi accent . hey sallu bhai  now that aish is getting married  at least go get some tip from abhishek to improve your acting abilities . a simple striptease wouldn  t make the movie a box office hit every time . and anilji stop shaving your trade mark beard or you look totally like a eunuch . and smooching a girl of your daughters  age just looks as uncool as watching jack nicholson in a romantic movie . and please nikhilji avoid putting such superfluous scenes in a movie that is totally not needed for the shot .  br    br   the other bigger flaw in the movie was that there wasn  t any perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples . every story itself looks as if it is taken from different flicks  put together to form a sadistic plot of salaam  e  ishq . bollywood still has to learn a lot from movies like snatch  memento where the director knows the perfect art of threading the different unrelated sequences to form a perfect blended storyline .  br    br   somewhere while i was evaluating the pre  release movie reviews someone predicted that the movie wouldn  t do good because the title of this movie adds up to the number    and   is considered a bad number in numerology . but i totally take my stand by saying the movie will fail not coz of its numerology defects  but because of the myriads of flaw that persisted in the movie . and when director like nikhil advani can make such major blunders in the entire storyline of the movie  any wonder wouldn  t have saved the movie from bombing at the box office .  br    br   my suggestion for all you guys is  please avoid watching this movie at any cost . it isn  t worth a pie that you pay for the ticket . there indeed are better movies on theater screens currently which are worth watching more than salaam  e  ishq .  
i was so excited and hyped up about watching this film when the promos first came out in november  it looked awesome and the songs  i was quite disappointed when i went to watch it  this is a film which weaves  couples together . it has a multi cast of   people  a huge amount of stars have worked on this film . i think the director  nikhil advani  has not managed the situation well and should not have had many people in this movie as this would of made it easier for him . compared to nikhil  s directorial debut  kal ho naa ho    salaam  e  ishq  falls quite behind . i think nikhil should have a smaller star cast . i think the best factors of this film is the songs  the songs are excellent and i think that all of the songs are awesome  shankar  ehsaan  loy done an excellent job and have done an excellent jobs over the years . i think the ratings of this movie may go up because of the excellent songs  one thing i was disappointed with  is that the director should not have included nudity in this film which is done by sohail khan and isha koppikar . i found this extremely rude watching this with family  although  some may find this nude as comedy  it is not something you would want to watch with parents  i think the best acting was performed by salman and priyanka overall  i think its an alright movie   
i have been waiting for this movie a long time . especially because juhi chawla is in this  she  s a great actress .  br    br   this movie contains six stories . it  s a new concept flew over from hollywood . so it  s not a new item .  br    br    . khamini  priyanka chopra  is a dancer . she wants to get famous and makes up a boyfriend to let news reporters be interested in her . but then rahul  salman khan  appears and he claims to be her boyfriend .  br    br   priyanka chopra is still not a good actress . when she yells  i get annoyed . salman khan cannot play comic roles . but in his serious parts he is marvelous .  br    br    . vinay  anil kapoor  is married to seema  juhi chawla  . he gets in a midlife crisis and gets attracted to a much younger woman  with forgetting what he really has in life his wife and kids .  br    br   anil kapoor en juhi are natural born actors  actresses . they are great . but this story is to thin for them .  br    br    . shiven  akshaye khanna  is going to get married to gia  ayesha takia   but he gets cold feet and blows the wedding off .  br    br    . ashutosh  joh abraham  is married to tehzeeb  vidya balan  . she gets an accident and suffers a memory loss . now she doesn  t know that she loves her husband anymore .  br    br    . raju  govinda  is a cab driver . he meets stephani  shannon esrechowitz  who is a white woman who is in love with an indian male but he is about to get married with an indian woman . raju has to bring staphani to that man  but falls in love with her .  br    br   i never liked govinda  s movies . he is very annoying  not funny . but in this movie i liked him very much  like he has been growing up the last years .  br    br    . oh yes  there is sohail khan  he plays ram dayal who is just married to phoolwati  isha koppikar  . he want to get some serious action with her  but every time her family comes in between .  br    br   sohail khan is not a handsome actor  but he is funny  i like his movies .  br    br   now here  s the problem . all these stories aren  t interesting . to make one story from six not interesting stories does not make the whole movie interesting  here and there the stories touch each other  but is not significant for the characters .  br    br   my conclusion priyanka cannot act  loose that woman in the bollywood industry . sohail khan should make more movies  this role for him was too small . salman khan cannot act comic roles  but real serious movies . that  s written on his life as an actor . this movie sucks  and is a waste of a cast of good actors and actresses like anil kapoor  juhi chawla  akshaya khanna and john abraham .  br    br   it  s just like you have the ability to make a movie with amitabh bachchan  and you only let him sing a lullaby .  
this movie has lot of downsides and thats all i could see . it is painfully long and awfully directed . i could see whole audience getting impatient and waiting for it to end . run time is way over  hrs which could have been edited to less then  hrs .  br    br   transition between stories is average . most people confessed being on seating expecting something better to come out .  br    br   its funny only in pockets . ambitious project and a below par execution . govinda does a fair job  anil kapoor disappointed me  rest we as expected . if u r expecting anything close to babel or love actually then its no where close .  
this is a terrible  terrible film           br    br   first of all tooo long . the longest movie i have ever seen .  br    br   the stories are all too damn over the top      br    br   as a matter of fact there are too many stories that the story line is ruined .  br    br   the comedy wasn  t comedy      it wasn  t funny at all . . . .  br    br   the story is so repulsive and badly written that it doesnot matter if the characters live or die . . . . . . .  br    br   i had some expectations from this movie . . . . . . . . . but my expectations were crashed completely in the first few minutes . . . . . .  br    br   the only thing good about this movie is the music . . . . . . and obviously vidya balan . she gives the best performance and stands out among all the senior actors . . . . . . she  s just a new comer and yet she shines and makes the rest of the cast look so pathetic      govinda and the blonde who playes his love interest also help saving this disastrous movie . govinda perfectly fits in the role of the taxi driver . and the blonde also gives a very subtle and consistent performance . . . .  br    br   another talented actress ayesha takiya is completely wasted in this movie     so is priyanka          akshay does his role well but it seemed too over the top      anil and juhi are also totally wasted . . . . . .  br    br   the only one not wasted is salman because he has no talent what so ever to be wasted           br    br   all in all this is a very impossible movie with mishmashed screenplay and tooo masladar that the storyline is shaped according to the stupid comedy scenes . imagine how stupid this movie is        br    br       it is four hours long     think and rethink before going to the cinemas      better avoid it       
six for the price of one  so it is a bonanza time for cinegoers . isn  t it  here it is not one  not two but all six  love stories  an ensemble cast of top stars of bollywood  plus all stories in the genre of your favorite top directors johar  bhansali  chopra et al . you will get to see every damn type of love story that you enjoyed or rather tolerated for years now . so no big deal for you . do you need anything more than this  no sir  thank you . why sir  enough is enough . please spare us . they signed every top star that they manage to sign  whether required or not  so they end up making a circus of stars  believe it or not . too crowded every thing depicted here is exactly how it is prescribed in bollywood textbook of romances . plus you have to justify the length given to each story  as each has stars . therefore  it is too long  three hours plus . the gags are filmy . characters are filmy . problems  barriers  situations  resolution  yes you guessed it right  again . filmy  tried and tested . same hundreds of dancers dancing in colorful costumes in background . why they have no other work to do  all couples are sugary  sweet  fairy tale type  picture perfect . all are good looking . each story beginning in a perfect way and therefore should ends also in that impossible perfect manner  too haphazard . you can  t connect to a single story . here you have everything that you already seen a million times . bloody fake  unreal  escapist abnormal stories considered normal for more than hundred years since evolution of this indian cinema . what a mockery of sensibilities of today  s audience  yes it could have worked as a parody if he just paid tribute to love  stories of yesteryear but alas even that thing is not explored . at least  director nikhil advani should have attempted one unconventional  offbeat love story but then what will happen to the tradition of living up to the mark of commercial bollwood potboiler brigade  oh  somebody has to carry on  no . imagine on one hand audience finds it difficult to sit through one such love story and here we have six times the pain . i mean six damn stories . i mean double the fun of chopra  s mohabbatein  year      in this age and time  get something real  guys . we are now desperate to see some not so colorful people and not so bright stories oh  what have you said just now  come on  that is entertainment . my advice  please don  t waste your time henceforth reading such reviews . go instead  have some more such entertainment  thank you .  
this horror movie is really weak . . . that is if this is the correct movie i am commenting on . nothing really terrible goes on as a family adopts a cute little german shepard pup . i had a german shepard and it is a really good dog . i did not get the idea to get one from this movie though  but rather from the comedy  k    . that is another story all together though . this movie really doesn  t have much horror at all as the most horrific scene is at the end and it looks really cheesy . also  we see a guy almost put his hand into a lawn mower . that is about it . the father suspects something though  as his family seems to be getting rather strange  somewhere he finds out if you hold a mirror to them while they are sleeping you can see if they are possessed . all in all a really weak horror movie even by television standards . . . television movies that do work are out there as  this house possessed  is pretty good and there is another haunted house movie about a woman and these strange creatures that is also rather good . this one is really rather dull .  
who are these  they   the actors  the filmmakers  certainly couldn  t be the audience  this is among the most air  puffed productions in existence . it  s the kind of movie that looks like it was a lot of fun to shoot too much fun  nobody is getting any actual work done  and that almost always makes for a movie that  s no fun to watch .  br    br   ritter dons glasses so as to hammer home his character  s status as a sort of doppleganger of the bespectacled bogdanovich the scenes with the breezy ms . stratten are sweet  but have an embarrassing  look  guys  i  m  dating  the  prom  queen feel to them . ben gazzara sports his usual cat  s  got  canary grin in a futile attempt to elevate the meager plot  which requires him to pursue audrey hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic . in the meantime  the budding couple  s respective children  nepotism alert bogdanovich  s daughters  spew cute and pick up some fairly disturbing pointers on  love  while observing their parents .  ms . hepburn  drawing on her dignity  manages to rise above the proceedings  but she has the monumental challenge of playing herself  ostensibly .  everybody looks great  but so what  it  s a movie and we can expect that much  if that  s what you  re looking for you  d be better off picking up a copy of vogue .  br    br   oh  and it has to be mentioned that colleen camp thoroughly annoys  even apart from her singing  which  while competent  is wholly unconvincing . . . the country and western numbers are woefully mismatched with the standards on the soundtrack . surely this is not what gershwin  who wrote the song from which the movie  s title is derived  had in mind his stage musicals of the    s may have been slight  but at least they were long on charm .  they all laughed  tries to coast on its good intentions  but nobody  least of all peter bogdanovich  has the good sense to put on the brakes .  br    br   due in no small part to the tragic death of dorothy stratten  this movie has a special place in the heart of mr . bogdanovich  he even bought it back from its producers  then distributed it on his own and went bankrupt when it didn  t prove popular . his rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic of hollywood stories  so there  s no joy in criticizing the film . . . there  is  real emotional investment in ms . stratten  s scenes . but  laughed  is a faint echo of  the last picture show    paper moon  or  what  s up  doc   following  daisy miller  and  at long last love   it was a thundering confirmation of the phase from which p . b . has never emerged .  br    br   all in all  though  the movie is harmless  only a waste of rental . i want to watch people having a good time  i  ll go to the park on a sunny day . for filmic expressions of joy and love  i  ll stick to ernest lubitsch and jaques demy . . .  
if you look at corey large  s information here on imdb  apparently there  s a movie called  reload  in production  as of june     in which he  s playing a character named sebastian cole .  br    br   first of all  how does such a crappy movie ever earn a sequel . . . and second  didn  t sebastian get killed at the end of  loaded    br    br   i watched this in the wee hours of the morning when i was battling insomnia  and so i was drifting in and out while it was on . i  m sure i missed some plot points  but overall  it seemed really weak . large  s performance was  for me  one of the stronger parts of the film . i  m also a bit surprised at all the people commenting on the beautiful girls  since i thought the actress playing brooke was pretty  but not exceptional .  
the only possible way to enjoy this flick is to bang your head against the wall  allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain  let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded  perhaps then you might enjoy this film .  br    br   the only saving grace was the story between raju and stephanie . govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the brit girl . perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in india and how they eventually fall in love would have made it a much more enjoyable film .  br    br   the only reason i gave it a  rating is because of govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy .  br    br   juhi chawla and anil kapoor were wasted needlessly . plus the scene at heathrow of the re  union was just too much to digest . being an international traveler in the post     world  anil kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love   but then again the point of the movie was to defy logic  gravity  physics and throw an egg on the face of the general audience .  br    br   watch it at your own peril . at least i know i have been scarred for life    
my sincere advice to all don  t watch the movie .  br    br   don  t even go near to the theater where this movie is being played   even a glimpse of it is bad for health . serious . no jokes . it  s  .   am in the morning . and i returned from this crappiest movie on this universe . four hours damn    i am proud that i survived after all of it  if this is called survival .  br    br   i am highly frustrated . annoyed . disappointed . it was sheer waste of time  money went in drain  no plot . hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with no memories of this night   rubbish movie .  br    br   happy republic day to one and all    
this is a sad film made for sad people . i was sitting in theaters tearing my hair apart  wanting to break the chairs in front of me as the movie spitted out one cringe  inducing scenes after another . and there were people roaring with laughter behind me  which made me wonder what kind of films these people must be watching to actually enjoy this horse  st .  br    br   nikkhil advani has six stories with no plot and no interesting characters . the screenplay is dull  probably he was drunk when he was writing this film . there is no strong hold on any of these stories . nothing new  nothing to hold the audience and filled with dialogs which you would have heard a million times before . one of the stories is about this couple not being able to have sex because of series of disasters taking place every time they want to do it . i mean seriously is this story really required  its not funny  not creative but only proves that advani has no sense of comedy . another of the stories  which was probably the only story i was interested in  is based on a man  s infidelity and that too ends in a lame age  old sati  savitri pati  parmeshwar crap . i have no idea what the salmaan  priyanka plot was all about . there was no issue in the plot for it to be a plot . she can  t take karan johar  s film because she has to marry salmaan   why can  t she marry him and still take the film   or does advani and priyanaka just want to prove the world that it is in fact true that female actors cant be successful if they are married or that they should not act in films once they are married   with six actors in the film obviously advani cant produce the film all by himself . so he makes full use of sponsors like the times group  shamelessly promoting their filmfare magazines . and also some jewelery brand which the women in the film absolutely seem to adore   i come to imdb to give it the worst rating and i am shocked to see posts praising the film . it just goes to show the sad state of bollywood and how star struck the fans are . with fans like these  movies like salaam e ishq will be continue to be made and worse probably be a hit .  
six different couples . six different love stories . six different love angles . eighty numbers of audience in the movie theater . looking at the eighty different parts of the silver screen .  br    br   i am sitting in somewhere between them looking at the center of the screen to find out what  s going on in the movie . all stories have got no link with each other  but somewhere down the line nikhil advani trying to show some relation between them . i tried to find out a few lines i could write as review but at the end of  hours   minutes found nothing to write . the movie is a poor copy of hollywood blockbuster love actually .  br    br   my suggestion . don  t watch the movie if you really want to watch a nice movie .  
clocking in at an interminable three hours and twenty minutes   salaam  e  ishq  is a pretty but superficial comic soap opera from india that regales us with six interwoven tales of romantic love  which is at least four tales too many in my estimation  .  br    br   filmed like a cross between an mtv music video and a super bowl beer commercial  the movie is a sprawling mishmash of exotic settings  dazzling colors  sexy showgirls  high  stepping song  and  dance numbers  dream and fantasy sequences  winking character asides  corny dialogue and way  over  the  top comical performances  all pretty much standard  issue stuff when it comes to bollywood happenings these days . it  s an exhausting chore just trying to keep all the characters straight as they dance  prance and preen their way through the incomprehensible storyline .  br    br   there  s plenty for the viewer to feast his eyes on here  not least of all all the drop dead gorgeous women  but he  ll need the patience of job to get him all the way through it .  
we all have seen some unending epics in our times  but this one really tops them all  the movie is so long and so slow  that  just to put things in perspective  i felt a lot older when i left movie hall  than i entered it . at almost  hours length  it could have rather been made into a tele  serial .  br    br   what starts as a promising comedy slowly loses its pace . nikhil advani has woven the plot around  love stories and he cant make justice to any one of them . . . there is no interconnection between them to start with  and links shown in last   minutes just seem to be forced to connect the story .  br    br   situation is made worse by silly dialogues  most of them repeated in hindi cinema over years  and stupid cinematography .  br    br   priyanka doesn  t realise that she actually needs to play her role rather than just looking glam on screen . . . an utter waste of beauty without acting skills .  br    br   and then there is loud  is  humorous govinda  my  face  twists  better  than  jim  carrey akshay khanna who keep belching at the top of their lungs to irritate already tired viewers .  br    br   only good part in movie is john  vidya  s love story  nice acting  comedy by sohail  isha . but they are so good at their roles that just these two couples could have justified the movie without jumbling it with other bunch of characters . their brilliance gets lost in the midst of other substandard plot lines .  br    br   my guess  director was making two separate movies  may be more   and some beginner assistant mixed up all the records  beyond a point of sorting them out  so director was left with no choice to show it all as a single movie . . .  br    br   watch it only if you want to test your patience     
ok the director remakes love actually the director nikhil advani after debuting with khnh does his second half and wait  br    br   he makes a     hours  film which loses on patience  time . etc the viewer seems like a  hrs sleep watching this film  br    br   ok they had  stories so it was necessary but why   stories   br    br   we have the anil  juhi story convincing but boring don  t tv serials show such stories   br    br   we have govinda  shannon story which is funny and works well  br    br   we have akshaye  ayesha story again believable but gets boring soon and the focus is on comedy more and that too slapstick boring comedy  br    br   we have salman  priyanka story which is the worst  not just acting terms  it makes no sense at all  br    br   we have sohail  isha story to make you laugh and the trick works at times thanks to the boredom set by most of other stories  br    br   we have john  vidya story a good story in all respects  br    br   but then by the time all stories come in bits n pieces the viewer gets bored and sleepy the climax isn  t appealing though especially the climax of salman  priyanka story nikhil advani  s handling is alright at places  some stories are well handled but weak at places music  sel  is good  but too many songs cinematography is nice  every story is given a different look  texture and it works  br    br   actors govinda rocks  after a dismissal comeback with bb he actually makes you laugh and love him in this film despite his age and weight anil kapoor acts his part well  though he looks out of shape and tired john excels in his part  akshaye khanna overacts for a change  br    br   sohail khan is too over  the  top and isha has nothing to do anjana suknani is dismissal  br    br   priyanka and salman deserve an award for this film you are shocked   br    br   salman khan doesn  t act only  just talks like he is in his sleep and that fake accent oh god priyanka overacts to such a standard you feel like throwing something on her  she does get better towards the end vidya balan is good  juhi chawla is okay shannon is okay  
it  s amazing to see how nikhil advani manages to attract people to the theater till the very day of the release . i mean . . . . . look at the cast here  the promotion is superb  good enough songs and the trailers are fine . this makes it a house full on the first day  but it  s only when people go and see the film they realize that there is no way their money is refundable . house full the first day  the movie is out the next week .  br    br   this film  inspired by  love actually  is what they say  didn  t manage to handle the whole cast well . they tried to put in big stars but ended up by not even managing to bring out even an average performance by any one . the stories are hollow and cheesy  so the audience can  t connect with any single one of them . it  s a big disappointment to all those who like big stars or for that matter nikhil advani after his big success of  kal ho na ho  .  
the problems with nikhil advani  s salaam  e  ishq are many . a one  line concept that looks good on paper  which also worked in an earlier english film  love actually  goes terribly wrong thanks to inept and shallow writing . a well  intentioned idea gets crushed to smithereens under the weight of its own gargantuan ambition . a director so completely besotted by his own much applauded first film goes overboard with the devices that worked in his earlier film  kal ho na ho   try counting the number of times the device of split screens is used in this flick . the problem is  what worked fabulously in kal ho na ho were the emotional excesses of the karan johar school of film  making  but here   emotion  doesn  t quite grace us with its appearance on the screen  no  not even cursorily . the writer  director gives us  six relationships with one common problem  love   but where is the intensity  where is the depth  where is the  emotion   a  tribute to love  sans emotion  and one that goes on and on and on . . . . . . nah  it just cannot work   br    br   in my opinion  the basic requirement for a portmanteau film like this to work is that not only should each individual story be  complete   it should  in some way or the other  follow the graph of the traditional three  act structure  screen writing guru  syd field  s paradigm  . that  s the real reason why salaam  e  ishq didn  t work for me . none of the stories had any depth or a roller  coaster ride of emotional ups and downs one expects in mainstream hindi cinema . also  the linkage between some of the stories seemed tenuous and very forced . it  s not clear what salman khan is doing at ayesha takia  s wedding . if he was required to be present at the wedding scene for a neat wrap  up  why not conjure a few more coincidences and bring the other two couples also to the wedding  that would be neater .  br    br   but yes  some of the stories did have a lot of promise . for one  the anil kapoor  juhee chawla story tries to address a very real situation  mid  life crisis  but its journey is so linear that you  re left wondering if it was really an issue . similarly  the problem of commitment in the akshaye khanna  ayesha takia story is also true to life . if only it was developed a little better . i felt that the more promising stories in this mish  mash were told from the male point of view  which is fine  but it brings down the emotional quotient of these stories because the female characters  juhee chawla and ayesh takia in particular  have all the depth of a half  filled bath tub . wasn  t this film supposed to be about    different lives   now the actors . john abraham still needs to learn acting  while vidya balan is dependable and endearing as ever . anil kapoor gets a role written just for him but sometimes overplay the boredom of his character . since she didn  t get a meaty character to portray  juhee chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover up for it . akshaye khanna is fine despite going a trifle over  the  top in a few scenes . ayesha takia has nothing much to do  but she does remind us that she  s the same girl who surprised us with her bravura performance in dor . govinda tries to make up for that huge mistake called bhagam bhag  and succeeds to a large extent .  br    br   that brings me the most irritating track of the film  which unpardonably ends up hogging the maximum screen time   salman khan and priyanka chopra . the track is irritating mainly because of them . but i must credit them for their consistency . they  re consistently bad all through the film . priyanka could well be the next queen of hamming  i don  t buy the crap that her role  that of an  item girl   required her to act over  the  top . somebody should tell her the difference between being flamboyant because the character demands it and downright hamming . if you  ve seen rakhi sawant  who seems to be the inspiration behind this role  in her interviews and bigg boss you  ll know what i mean . i strongly feel that if nikhil advani had taken rakhi sawant in this role rather than a bigger star like priyanka  the story would have worked better . salman khan  s phony accent is . . . . . well  shannon esra  s hindi is less accented than salman  s .  br    br   to be fair to the director  he does manage to add some good directorial touches to the film . i particularly liked the use of grey as the predominant color in the anil kapoor  juhee chawla story as a metaphor for their boring existence  and the bright colors that come into the story with the arrival of the other woman . but will anyone choose to paint their house in varying  depressing shades of grey  that  s acceptable cinematic license i would say . but when the film runs almost for  hours  it almost feels like the director is trying too hard to give the audience a glimpse of his  touch  in an endlessly meandering montage of uninspiring sequences .  br    br   maybe nikhil advani wants us to sit in the theatre for as long as is humanly possible  pata nahin  kal ho na ho .  
i had a video of the thing . and i think it was my fourth attempt that i managed to watch the whole film without drifting off to sleep . it  s slow  moving  and the idea of a mid  atlantic platform  which may have been revolutionary at the time  is now just a great big yawnaroony . apart from conrad veidt  the rest of the cast are pretty forgettable  and it is only in the action towards the end that things get really interesting . when the water started to spill big  time it even  on one occasion  woke me up .  br    br   but give the man his due . no one could hold a cigarette like conrad veidt . he doesn  t wedge it between his index and middle fingers like the lesser mortals . he holds it in his fingers  while showing us the old pearly  browns . there are a few scenes in this film where the smoke drifts up to heaven against a dark background  and looks very artistically done . but it does not say much about this film if all that impresses you is the tobacco smoke .  
very dull  obvious  tedious exorcist rip  off featuring a doberman with red eyes  that  s the extent of the special effects in this made  for  tv cheapie . richard crenna is about as animate as a chew toy . very    s dress  music only add to the torture . should put you to sleep almost as fast as  the corpse vanishes   or  the blue hand  . practically worthless . moocow says eaghhh what a stinky dog    p  
the acronymic  f . p .   stands for  floating platform    . the film portends the building of an  f . p .   in the middle of the atlantic ocean  to be used as an  air station  for transatlantic plane flights . based a contemporary curt siodmark novel it was filmed in german as  f . p .  antwortet nicht         in french as  i . f .  ne rpond plus         and in english as  f . p .         . soon  technology made non  stop oceanic travel much more preferable .  br    br   stars conrad veidt  as ellissen   jill esmond  as droste   and leslie fenton  as claire  find love and sabotage on and off the atlantic platform . karl hartl directed . mr . veidt is most fun to watch but  he is not convincing in the  love triangle  with ms . esmond and mr . fenton . the younger co  stars were the spouses of laurence olivier and ann dvorak  respectively . both the concept and film have not aged well .  br    br    f . p .          karl hartl  conrad veidt  jill esmond  leslie fenton  
john pressman  micheal  i shoulda called ditech  lerner  works at a doctor  s office as an orderly . his mother  zelda  poltergeist  rubenstein  hypnotizes him to off the people who see thinks wronged him . but this turns out to be a movie within a movie  but the lines soon blur as john goes a movie theater to kill . prompting a guy who  s watching the movie to do the same . lerner is suitably over the top in this  but zelda repeats lines of dialog over and over again . that gets annoying fast . but not as annoying as the two girls who are watching the movie within a movie . as a horror film this one fails  it  s too busy trying to be clever  trying to impart a message and seems to forget a slasher film must evoke a sense of tension  or at least a jump or two . no  what we have here is the worst kind of slasher an art  house one .  br    br   my grade d  
the dialogue was pretty dreadful . the plot not really all that inspired beyond the obvious twist it presents . not visually stunning . actually visually annoying at times . most definitely one of those films you find easier to finish if you keep one finger on the fast forward button . if you could watch it for free  have absolutely no other options open at the moment and you really dig seeing the little poltergeist lady . . . well maybe i  d recommend it to you  but not anyone else i could think of at the moment .  
i should have figured that any movie with the poltergeist lady in it isn  t going to be good . it actually starts out okay  but during the first murder scene you find out that the movie you  re watching is a movie inside of a movie . there  s people sitting in a movie theatre watching that movie . one girl in the audience is so annoying that i would have turned around and strangled her . a bit strange  but far from good .  
a somewhat awkward spy mystery with a predictable plot about world war two dangers . the mystery is whether or not jane graystone  nancy coleman  has amnesia . the best acting is done by raymond massey as dr . ingersoll  a good doctor turned evil . he is head of a spy ring attempting to get information from amnesiac jane  coded information related to allied activities . will she tell  can she remember  moroni olson  as mr . goodwin  is convincing as an accomplice to massey . the role played by john garfield  as dr . lewis  is nothing short of disastrous . he seems so badly miscast that the casting has to be ranked as one of the worst in film history . it is unfortunate that so talented an actor is stuffed into a role which not befitting his talents . the movie is worth one look  despite being a half spy and half gangster film  and despite containing a parade of stereotyped characters . it  s easy to forget this one  amnesia is not necessary .  
alfred hitchcok is not my favorite director by any means but imagine what he could have done with this  the plot holds much potential for suspense . john garfield is as almost always excellent and raymond massey is scarily cast against type . nancy coleman is not a very impressive leading lady but the supporting cast is large and very capable .  br    br   yes it starts to sag fairly early . there are too many coincidences . and an important subject is trivialized by its being made into little more  in the end  than a love story .  br    br   it  s fun to watch for garfield  massey  and the character performers . but it  s not awfully good .  
if bob ludlum was to see this mini series  he would have cried . this was complete waste of time and money . i have read the book and even though movies are not exactly what the book may be  cbs wasted time and money on this and it is embarrassing to claim that this was ludlum  s work .  br    br   may be the creator should check out the bourne identity with richard chamberlain and see how good that tv series was .  br    br   poor mira  blair  anjelica and colm  why did they sign to stoop this low   br    br   horrible    
i am a big fan of ludlum  s work  and of the covert  one books  and i had often thought how incredible they would be made into a film . imagine my excitement  then  on learning that such a movie actually existed  the  hades factor  being the first in the series seemed an obvious place to start .  br    br   from the outset the film was disappointing . simple elements from the film such as griffin  s first meeting with smith are needlessly different from the book  and much less exhilarating . several characters are poorly cast  too . for starters dorff is woeful as smith . not a bad actor  just an incredibly bad choice as he is far too soft  and fails to exhibit many of the features that are definitive of john smith .  br    br   re  naming  re  assignment and even omission of certain characters further degrades this film . for example the removal of victor tremont and the entire back  story of the virus  including the involvement of vaxham makes the entire point to the film somewhat hazy . marty zellerbach is a very large part of the book  and in the seat he takes vary much a back seat  not to mention that the film character shares nothing in common with the character in the book  is another big mistake .  br    br   rachel russel is presumably supposed to be randi russel from the book . not only is she supposed to be the sister of sophie amsden  should be called sophia russel  but she is also supposed to work from the cia  not  covert  one  . which brings me to my final point  and i think one of the most important . covert  one doesn  t even exist at this point  not until the second book of the series is covert  one devised by the president as a preventative measure against further biological terrorism .  br    br   to be honest i could go on all day . in short  if you like the books and want to see a good adaptation  i  m afraid you  ll be bitterly disappointed . even as an action movie it is thoroughly average  mainly due to very lack  luster editing and poor effects . the bumbled story line and dull  as  ditch  water script are the final nails in the very cheap coffin of this film .  
  a small time hood tricks the local mob boss out of a lot of money . of course the mob boss wants his money back and doesn  t care who he has to kill to get it . the punk enlists his friend and an old mobster to help him save his life .  br    br    if this sounds ridiculous  it is . the whole idea that this izod  wearing  dune buggy  driving punk could hold off one of the most powerful mobs in rome is just plain silly . his friend may be good with a gun  but he  s up against a group of trained killers . the old mobster is little more than comic relief and no real help when it comes to the face off with the mob . there  s also a sub  plot about how the friend  s father was killed years ago by the mob boss  but there  s little made of it and it doesn  t help the movie any at all .  br    br    the mob boss  mister scarface  is played by jack palance . i suppose he got the name because he has what looks like a shaving nick on his cheek . palance is as ineffective as the rest of the cast  doing what he must to get a paycheck .  br    br    i  ve seen some pretty good italian crime  cop flicks recently  but mister scarface isn  t one of them . check out syndicate sadists or revolver instead .  
i read a couple of good reviews on this board for  mr . scarface   but for anyone uninitiated in the genre of italian gangster films like myself  the picture will probably make very little sense . indeed  after the initial setup involving the ten million lira scam  the picture devolved into a fairly routine revenge flick with a minor twist in the identity of rick  s  al cliver  character . the whole gang war plot got muddied up for me with the inclusion of vinchenzo napoli  vittorio caprioli   but as most other viewers commented  he  s about the only one who gave this picture any life with his often ineffective attempts at violence . i found it somewhat unbelievable that manzari  s goons who chased tony through the streets didn  t actually stroke out before tony even laid a hand on them . for all of his buildup as the title character  jack palance was wasted rather unceremoniously in an anticlimactic near finale  making the u . s . working title   mr . scarface   rather moot . i  ve seen enough spaghetti westerns to know that they don  t all work i guess in this case  my first look at a spaghetti gangster flick didn  t quite make it either .  
devil dog sets your heart racing . it  s brilliantly paced  the ending comes like a bolt out of the blue and plunges itself into the very centre of your being . you  ll never look at your dog the same way again . in fact you  ll start thinking of having it put down  by a priest  fantastic   
this was such a waste of time . danger if you watch it you will be tempted to tear your dvd out of the wall and heave it thru the window .  br    br   an amateur production terrible  repetitive  vacuous dialog paper  thin plot line wooden performances lucy lawless was pathetically hackneyed .  br    br   seriously flawed story  completely unbelievable characters . the two worst concepts in film and t . v . are    the evil twin     amnesia . there are no twins .  br    br   the plot  twist   outrageously simplistic and obvious  like watching a train coming down the track in the middle of the day on the prairies . it doesn  t even resolve properly . the evil is not punished for the original crime .  br    br   please  please  please  don  t watch this even if its free and your only other choice is to go to a synagogue .  
that might be a bit harsh for me saying that  but sadly so far in his directing career its true . just have a look at what he as done so far . they barely make it past the  star mark .  br    br   why did i watch this movie   reasons . lucy lawless and heroes star greg grunberg . lucy was outstanding in this movie  her performance carries the whole movie . i do hope she gets a  blockbuster  and breaks into the bigger league of actors  she clearly has the skills . greg was not so impressive  typical tv acting style .  br    br   the movie is oddly categorized as a horror . the only  horror  is short flashbacks  and they last a max of    seconds with a little blood in them . i personally would call this more a  drama  thriller  .  br    br   but no matter how interesting the story actually is  bad directing  editing and acting  appart from lucy  destroys it . you get no real connection to the actors  something which is very important in a story like this one . you just sit there watching feeling nothing . its like watching a bad tv soap . . . . actually i think the tv soap would be more interesting .  br    br   my advice stay away from this movie . . . or better yet just stay away from anything michael hurst is involved with .  
the story idea is excellent . unfortunately  the execution lets it down .  br    br   the movie lacks pace  for one thing . it should be an exciting ride  but it is slow and more than a little boring .  br    br   i think the problem  s mainly in the screenplay and editing . there aren  t enough obstacles and reversals to ratchet up suspense  and there are scenes which don  t really move the story along very effectively .  br    br   the producers should have seen this in the screenplay and insisted upon a major rewrite . unfortunately  when the producer is also the writer and the director  this evidently ain  t gonna happen .  br    br   much of the acting seems kind of flat  and that is down to the director  all the actors have been quite competent in other projects .  br    br   it  s a shame  because with better writing  editing and direction  this could have been a really good thriller .  
reed diamond plays a man suffering from amnesia who  s been in a mental asylum for over a decade after he was found wondering the back roads with blood on his hands . the doctors want to test out an experimental new drug that  ll return his lost memories if it works . but when the drugs give him hallucinations of a demon  he chooses to escape instead . while outside he befriends a young boy whose stepfather  greg grunberg  mistreats his mother  won  t let her near the darkroom in his basement  acts suspicious in general .  br    br   while the general  mystery  of the film is a tad easy to identify way before it  s revealed  i found mr . diamond  s acting to be enthralling enough to keep my attention throughout .  in the interest of full disclosure  i  ve been a huge fan of his since homicide and his brief  but extremely pivotal  role in the shield up through journeyman  dollhouse  not a great film nor a good one  but serviceable enough . although i did like it better than the previous films that i  ve seen from director  writer michael hurst  room   pumkinhead   mansquito   br    br   eye candy one fleeting pair of boobs in a hallucination  br    br   my grade c   
quite the most boring nonsense i have seen in a long time . the plot was full of irrelevance  and the acting was the worst i have seen in a long time .  br    br   to make it worse  camera angles that made me feel sick were used  the incidental music was terrible and drowned out the dialogue  maybe not a bad thing then   and the shots of san francisco looked as if they had been stolen straight out of the city tourist board  s promotional video .  br    br   oh  and the obligatory sex scene was not even half well done . better lighting next time  please .  
this movie was on the romance channel  and i thought it might be a goofy    s movie that would be enjoyable on some level  so my brother and i watched it . boy did it suck . boy gets crush on girl   correction  his dream  girl  apparently there is a difference and i  m surprised he realized she was his dream girl   he was smitten with her from over   feet away . i guess that just goes to show the power of dream  girls   boy ends up masquerading as a female to be near dream  girl  creative in the sense that it  s a far  out plan  but un  creative in the sense that there are probably better solutions one might think up   awkward situations ensue  a match is made  all of which takes seems to take place around late afternoon   either the location was somehow responsible for this odd lighting  or the actors had to wait until they got off of their day  jobs to come to the set i suspect the latter  . very clumsily done  very pathetic . it  s almost never even amusing accidentally  so there really is nothing to redeem it . unless you  re interested in seeing chad lowe  s early days  before he finally got his piece of the pie with his role as the hiv  positive gay guy on the series  life goes on   or gail o  grady who was on nypd blue and probably got to stare at dennis franz  s buttocks  . but those are unlikely motives   i  d say  systematic derangement of the senses  would be a more justified purpose . i  m surprised i watched it all . i guess it  s the kind of thing where  halfway through  you find yourself still watching due to some morbid  self  flagellistic inner  issue  and think you might as well finish it so you can tell your friends and family that you actually sat through such a horrible movie  on the off  chance that it  ll garner you some sympathy for the questionable state of your mental health . can you take the challenge   
i really wish that when making a comedy  the people actually tried to make it funny . this is a film that you can sit through  but nothing is special about it . after watching it  you will say that it was alright . it was not boring to watch  but gave the audience no jokes to laugh at . entertainment should mean that you actually get something more than an o . k . story . this movie wanted to be  tootsie   but instead it failed .  br    br   i gave it a  out of   .  
i saw this movie in the middle of the night  when i was flipping through the channels and there was nothing else on to watch . it  s one of those films where you stop to see what it is  just for a moment   but realize after twenty minutes or so that you just can  t turn it off  no matter how bad it is . one of those movies that is somewhere in between being so bad it  s good and so bad it  s  well  just plain bad  it  s worth seeing just to experience the confusion of realizing that it  s both  great middle  of  the  night fare  if only for the fabulous tennis drag . don  t even bother asking yourself why nobody can tell that chad lowe is so obviously male  because logic does not apply .  
i concur with everyone above who said anything that will convince you to not waste even a briefest of moments watching this amazingly amateurish movie . very poor acting  offhand production values  utterly pedestrian direction  and a script so inept and inane it should never have been written  let alone produced . even hollywood  professionals  apparently go to work just for a paycheck  although no one should have been paid for this bad work . careers should instead have ended over this inconsequential drivel .  br    br   oth  there is something fascinating about watching something so jaw  droppingly bad . and chad lowe is terrifically and consistently bad .  
generally  i  ve found that if you don  t hear about a movie prior to seeing it on dvd  there  s probably a good reason for it . i hadn  t heard about this movie at all until i was in a blockbuster the other day and saw it on a shelf . since all the good movies had already been rented out  the ones i wanted to see  anyway   i figured i  d give this one a shot .  br    br   it  s really not much different than other movies in the genre  such as the singles ward or the r . m . if you  re into those type movies  you  ll probably enjoy this .  br    br   however  if you  re not a mormon  this movie probably won  t appeal to you . there  s no way to avoid the overtly religious  mormon  message contained within  and at times it comes across as sappy and cheesy . ultimately  if you don  t fall within the mormon demographic  you  re probably better off watching something else .  br    br   admittedly  there were some very funny moments in the film  but i didn  t think that it was enough to salvage the movie overall .  
a dog found in a local kennel is mated with satan and has a litter of puppies  one of which is given to a family who has just lost their previous dog to a hit  run . the puppy wants no time in making like donald trump and firing the mexican housekeeper  how festive . only the father suspects that this canine is more then he appears  the rest of the family loves the demonic pooch . so it  s up to dad to say the day .  br    br   this late    s made for tv horror flick has little going for it except a misplaced feeling of nostalgia . when i saw this as a kid i found it to be a tense nail  biter  but revisiting it as an adult i now realize that it  s merely lame  boring  and not really well  acted in the least bit .  br    br   my grade d  
  baptists at our barbecue  is the best film ever made . now  that i got your attention with that horribly inaccurate statement that should be a hanging offense if spoken  let me begin my short overview of this tacky  offensive  pretentious and boring hunk of junk i guess you could consider a movie . first of all  the low budget of this stinker is totally obvious based on the very poor and inexperienced direction of christian vuissa  and the tacky  overly preachy  whiny and stilted screenplay by f . mathew smith . i really despise the fact that it sends a very pro  mormon  and sort of anti  every other religion message . yes  the story is about a small town half full with mormons and half full with baptists . it shows all the main and role  model characters being mormon  and being so nice and perfect  yet they are being picked on by the evil  conniving and very judgmental baptists . it shows how beautiful mormons are and how cold  hearted and ignorant baptists are  instead of showing a little solidarity like would be appropriate and realistic . i  m a part of neither religion  i  m actually an atheist   but this offended me  along with another countless amount of baptists most likely . it shows the baptists as being very unopened and unwelcoming to the mormons  and the mormons being very accepting  when again  in reality there is a mutual like  dislike between them . sorry  i didn  t mean to go off on a rant .  br    br   another aspect of  baptists at our barbecue  i didn  t much care for  was the acting . the performances are very amateurish and unnatural  especially from the female lead heather beers . miss beers stumbles her way through her part without any passion or feeling for her role  and i wasn  t too much impressed with dan merkley  who  s the main character in this lackluster of a motion picture  but i have to say he  s way more talented or shows more talent in this film then heather beers . whoever played the town sheriff was awful also . although there is maybe a tiny laugh deep within the film  it is full of clichs . for example  the main character  tartan  merkley   finds solace with a native american who always gives him the best advice on things relating to a tribal way of life  how clich is that  to make the situation even more of a pathetic clich  tartan buys the poor  lonely heathen a puppy dog . ugghhh   br    br   if you want my advice  stay as far away from  baptists at our barbecue  as you can . i saw it on the shelf and thought it would be a cute and interesting little indie about religion . all i got was a  well  piece of crap . grade d   br    br   my ratings guide  a  absolutley flawless   a  a masterpiece  near  perfect   a   excellent   b  great   b  very good   b   good   c  a mixed bag   c  average   c   disappointing   d  bad   d  very bad   d   absolutley horrendous   f  not one redeeming quality in this hunk of hollywood feces  .  
first of all this movie is not a comedy unless you really force yourself you can hardly laugh . secondly  the movie is slow and boring . the acting is not bad but not special . there is a lucky luke comic about two families  one with big noses and one with big ears  fighting each other in a small town . . . you will laugh much more if you read this instead of wasting your time with this movie . religions and dogmas are not the best source to make a good comedy and this movie does nothing more than confirm this rule . there is a similar subject comedy   the home teachers    this had some good moments . my final comment is do not waste your time and money to watch this uninspired and boring film .  
this movie was awful . i had a very difficult time watching this all the way through . i didn  t get the point of the movie . what was the point of this movie  the soundtrack was bad  acting was bad and the story uninspiring . the two main characters in the movie were very boring and their dialog was uninteresting . there was no chemistry among any of the cast members . i don  t know this for a fact  but i suspect that most of the actors were first timers . the movie could have easily been cut down to about an hour and half without losing the plot . that indicates how many useless scenes there were in the movie . i would have rather ha a root canal during the two hours of the movie . i want those two hours back  if you want to watch good  funny movie that is family friendly and made by a bunch of mormons  watch napoleon dynamite instead .  
movie about a small town with equal numbers of mormons and baptists . new family moves in  cue the overwritten dialog  mediocre acting  green jello salad with shredded carrots  and every other  inside mormon joke  known to man . anyone outside the mormon culture will have a hard time stomaching this movie . anyone inside the mormon culture will be slightly amused with a chuckle here and there . you  ll be much better off watching hess  s other movies  napoleon dynamite  etc . .  than trying to sit through this one . the acting is mediocre . jared hess has had his hands on much more quality films like  saints and soldiers   and  napoleon dynamite  . i would recommend both movies over this groaner .  
the story of the film was as simple minded as its morality go find a girl  marry her  live with her happily ever after . though the film had some fine moments and turns  most of it stayed at the surface of what might have been shown in a film with the same storyline .  br    br   the baptist  mormon struggle was only touched superficially and was mocked about  probably intentionally . a more interesting story would have been a mixed couple .  br    br   if you wanna see a film which doesn  t need too much concentration  which can be watched by the whole family and which teaches your children modest and conservative values  besides the modern tolerance stuff      you will be fine with this film . might be shown at a family  home  evening . . .  
i expected this to be a lot better . i love tim burton  s work  so i was really excited to see these online short films . well  they weren  t at all what i had expected .  br    br   i don  t really know what exactly it is i don  t like . i guess they  re just sort of dull . the sound bothers me  and most of the characters  although i loved roy the toxic boy  and stainboy .  br    br   the match girl episode probably bugged me the most  although it was pretty funny .  br    br   i also don  t like the way some of the characters die . like how match girl basically set the gas station on fire  or how the girl who stares died  in general . roy  s death was amusing  surprisingly . death by a car freshener . very original    that made me laugh so hard . . .  br    br   there are some things that aren  t appropriate for kids . just some language and gore . that  s about all i have to say       
i wasn  t sure whether to laugh or cry . porretta was good looking but resembled like a mexican porn star not an english outlaw . costumes  what costumes  a t  shirt with strips of black leather on it . it was marion  s clothes   or lack of them   that really got me . do the  fans  of this stinker really believe women dressed like that in medieval england . the mongols and vikings were inaccurate and stupid  but the episode with an alien was worst of all . especially as his make up mainly consisted of oatmeal on his face   an old trick . the hedgehog monster was pretty funny  as was climbing up the side of a castle on a ladder of arrows   as if . the us accents grated as did the initial drawling voice over  raw  bin hood and liddle john  . the second robin and marion were really quite minging in looks and what was left of the show went totally down the pan . . .  
this series is one of the worst shows i have ever seen . terrible acting  terrible effects  terrible writing  you get my drift . the stories are so far from the legend of robin hood it  s amazing . looks like they just wanted to use the name robin hood to attract an audience . it might as well have been called new adventures of mr . bland acting .  br    br   someone commented before me that if you had imagination  you  d love this show . that is a horrible approach to a tv  series . a visual media like this should spark your imagination  you shouldn  t have to force your imagination into something to make it good . that would be like the simpsons episode where they try to brainwash homer with a religious propaganda movie  and he starts talking about who killed who or whatever .  if a movie is boring  i just make up my own story .   br    br   in conclusion absolute human waste .  
does anything at all happen in this movie . there are only the bizarre short scenes where i didn  t know what the hell was going on so that doesn  t count . this movie is sooo boring it hurts  and this is coming from a person who likes it when movies are about making movies . confused   well i was after watching this crap . what was donald sutherland on  because he missed it with this one completely . and what  s with the  pedofile  scene at the beginning of the movie . can put anyone to sleep       
as was to be expected  a mazursky film made in the   s would be counter  culture  sympathetic towards the hippies  and have a lot of hippies in it  and  naturally  it is childishly anti  authoritarian  e . g . the scene on the mexican border  when sutherland provokes a custom  s officer by showing little respect and then accuses the latter of making him open his luggage only because he  sutherland  has long hair  . the constant left  wing dribble could have gotten on my nerves had i not been prepared for it beforehand sutherland muses aloud to his family and friends about potential movie ideas for his next film  and most of these ideas are either about blacks or indians  needless to say  he would be welcomed with open arms in today  s hollywood  . one of his movie ideas is about a black uprising in beverly hills  a race  war  so  to  speak  in the middle of l . a . . this is the kind of nonsense that mazursky thinks about when writing scripts for his movies . fortunately  some of sutherland  s hippie friends make fun of this black  revolution premise  and the resulting dialogue isn  t bad a little later  the jewish guy makes a crack about sutherland making a movie about  masturbation and the black problem   when the latter starts talking about masturbation . another funny moment is when sutherland  s older daughter performs some pc crap on stage with her white school  mates  and they all say  we  the black people of the republic of south africa . . .  .  br    br   there is always a certain amount of self  indulgence when hollywood makes a movie about hollywood  especially when it  s hollywood making a movie about hollywood discussing hollywood doing movies . now  that  s very  very self  indulgent  indeed . the scene with fellini  playing himself  is more amusing than annoying  though . mazursky throws in the standard flower  children and anti  vietnam bullshit into the soup  and also pokes fun at corporate hollywood  but he was  is just as much a part of the  phony hollywood   lyrics from that song in the surreal war segment  as anyone else i am pretty sure that he  too  makes phony small  talk in beverly hills parties and grins fakely while shaking the hands of people whom he either doesn  t know or like  but whose money he wants badly for his next  left  wing  project . as for his hair he has the worst hair i  ve seen in a very long time  on film or elsewhere   it  s sort of like the kind of long hair that a middle  aged accountant would have if he grew it long . the film remains relatively interesting in spite of its aimlessness  but it bogs down somewhat into tedium in the last third . if you  d like to read my parody  biography of donald sutherland  and other hollywood actors   contact me by e  mail .  
the concept of this made  for  tv horror movie is ludicrous beyond words  but hey  it was the late      s and literally all stupid horror formats were pretty damn profitable  so why not exploit the idea of a satanically possessed dog  the plot of  devil dog  is easy to describe to fans of the horror genre simply think of  the omen  and replace the newborn baby boy with a nest of german shepard pups  seriously  i  m not kidding  that  s what the movie is about  during the opening sequence  members of some kind of satanic cult buy a female dog in heat only to have it impregnated by satan himself . you  d think that the lord of darkness has other things on his mind than to fornicate with a german shepard and take over the world one evil puppy at the time  but apparently not . exactly like little damien in  the omen   one of the puppies is taken in by model family and grows up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal . but lucky  that  s the dog  s name  is pure evil and liquidates annoying neighbors and nosy school teachers in derivative and tamely executed ways . he also inflicts his malignant character on the family wife and children  but he cannot force the father  richard crenna  to stick his arm into a lawnmower because he  s a  chosen one  . the whole thing becomes too moronic for words when crenna eventually travels to ecuador to search for an ancient wall painting and gets advice from an old witchdoctor who speaks perfect english . i guess he learned that living in isolation atop of a mountain his entire life . director curtis harrington   what  s the matter with helen    ruby   and lead actor richard crenna   wait until dark    the evil   desperately try to create a suspenseful and mysterious atmosphere  but all is in vain . scenes like cute puppy eyes spontaneously setting fire to a spanish maid or a dog dodging bullets without even moving evoke chuckles instead of frights  and not even spooky musical tunes can chance that . the  special  effects are pathetic  especially near the end when the satan  dog mutates into an utterly cheesy shadow on the wall .  devil dog  is a truly dumb movie  but it  s definitely hilarious to watch late at night with some friends and loads of liquor . there are entertaining brief cameos of martine beswick   dr . jekyll and sister hyde   as the terrifying cult queen and r . g . armstrong   the car    the pack   as the evil fruit  vegetable and puppy salesman . and  yes  that annoying daughter is the same kid who gets blown away complaining about her ice  cream in carpenter  s  assault on precinct    .  
i know nothing of the iliad so can not comment on it  s accuracy to that story . however  as a stand alone film i found this very boring . the battle scenes tried to be large and spectacular but they were just obvious cgi .  br    br   the acting is poor and no doubt brad pitt was cast just to attract the ladies . but he does not make a good warrior  too pretty i am afraid .  br    br   good points are is the design . this film does look good with the landscape and castle buildings  walls impressive . i do like a film that at least tries to get the characters accents true but this film just seems to ignore it completely . we hear american  scottish english anything but what you might expect for a film about an ancient eastern civilisation .  br    br   all in all  i do not recommend this film for a family sit down . it is too long and the young will get bored .  br    br   for adults  it is ok if you don  t care about the lack realism .  
well  were to start  this is by far one of the worst films i  ve ever paid good money to see . i won  t comment on the story itself  it  s a wonderful classic  but here it feels like a soap opera . to start with  the acting  except for eric bana  is soap opera quality . i  ve always been a fan of brad pitt  but here every actor on the bold and the beautiful puts him to shame . the camera action doesn  t help  either . how it lingers on him when he  s thinking  it just takes me back to brooke forrester  s days in the lab  peter o  toole has either had a really bad plastic surgery  or he is desperately in need of one . either way  he looks more like linda evans than linda evans  and to end my comments  diane kruger is a cute girl  but she sure is no helen of troy . peterson should rather have chosen saffron burrows for the role  since elizabeth taylor would be rather miscast by now .  
to confess having fantasies about brad pitt is a pretty tough admission for an heterosexual to make . but what can i tell you  maybe is that famous extra something that everybody talks about and makes a star a star . it crosses that barrier . it pulls you into unknown sensual and emotional territory . brando had it in spades  montgomery clift  gary cooper  james dean of course and in more recent times  tom cruise  jude law  johnny depp  ewan mcgregor and billy crudup . women fell in love with garbo  dietrich  katharine and audrey hepburn  grace kelly  marilyn monroe  julie christie  charlotte rampling  meryl streep  vanessa redgrave  julia roberts and very very recently natalie portman . but brad pitt has  singlehandedly  redefined the concept . he is the only reason to go out  get in the car  find parking  buy a ticket  popcorn and get into a theatre to see  troy  if you liked epics in the  jupiter  s darling  style you may enjoy this . but if you don  t  go all the same  we want to keep brad pitt in business .  
i like brad pitt enormously . he is an actor with brains and wit  not to mention face  pectorals and all the rest . since i saw him in  thelma and louise  a thought has been bothering me  who does he remind me of   troy  did it for me . he is the new brigitte bardot . the differences are obvious of course . male  american etc but brigitte bardot comes to mind nonetheless . he is so beautiful that he is at his most effective when he plays against it .  kalifornia     monkeys   fight club   snatch  his self deprecating humor makes him human  almost accessible . fortunately  troy  will soon be forgotten . only still photographs with pitt  semi naked in ravishing sprint positions will decorate the walls of legions of salivating fans . strange   das boot  is one of the great films of the second part of the   th century . what is wolfgang petersen doing directing this  well  i suppose it would be very hard to say no at the chance of working with the new brigitte bardot .  
went to see the movie  troy  this afternoon . here  s what i learned  br    br   contrary to popular opinion and history in general  greek men were not gay . ever . this was clearly established immediately at the start of the film and reinforced every five minutes or so thereafter . so it is safe for american dudes to see this movie .  br    br   helen of troy always had impeccable hair and makeup . she looked gorgeous in all of her brief cameo scenes which  though numerous  were probably all filmed on the same day  one after the other  with the director saying   alright  now look beautiful . . . good . . . ok  now look frightened . . . good . . . now look depressed . . . good . . . now look interested . . . good . . . now look beautiful again . . . good . . .   br    br   most greek and trojan men had british accents . those with american accents couldn  t act .  br    br   trojans looked just like greeks  but they tended to stay on the right side of the screen .  br    br   brad pitt does not blink on camera .  br    br   helen of troy  s biggest line was   they  re coming for me .   br    br   trojan music sounded remarkably like modern bulgarian music .  br    br   brad pitt  s thighs go all the way up .  br    br   achilles had a young male friend with whom he was very close  but it  s ok . they were cousins . never mind what history says .  br    br   peter o  toole can tell an entire story with just an expression .  br    br   trojan gods apparently all had greek names  but their statues either looked egyptian or like peter o  toole in drag .  br    br   greek men never touched each other unless they were fighting  much like american men .  br    br   all of the thousands of extras in the movie had exactly the same skin color . . . light egyptian  by max factor .  br    br   troy had only three women .  br    br   there were lots of blond greeks  which is good news for brad pitt  who would otherwise have really stuck out .  br    br   despite their coastal desert locale  greeks had the uncanny ability to find unlimited amounts of timber to build fires  funeral pyres  trojan horses and the like .  br    br   british actors look silly with greek hairdos .  br    br   brad pitt changes expression only when the sun is shining directly in his eyes .  br    br   greek soldiers fought constantly  but their outfits always looked impeccable .  br    br   greek soldiers wore underwear under their skirts .  br    br   apparently greek temples were always in ruins  even back when they were all new .  
hello there   br    br   this is my first post in imdb even though i use it as a reference for quite a while . i would therefore like to salute you all . the fact that i am a greek is inevitably going to affect my judgement i hope not to your annoyance .  br    br   i spent  years of my life   all we greeks did actually   analysing omirus epos  and not homers as you see everywhere   rhyme by rhyme . if i recall well it was iliada  iliad  on  th grade and odysseia  odyssey  on  th grade . warner  s troy  was a big disappointment to me and my fellow greeks around the campus  i study in the uk  .  br    br   iliad epos is one of the very best literature works ever made . it was composed by a greek poet omirus a whole    years after the actual war . historians put trojan war around     bc  and the actual reason of the war not being helen  s beauty but the strategically crucial position of troy . that said one may now understand that omirus epos is not presenting the actual events  as it  s not accurate historically  but this was never the purpose of this work .  br    br   reading this huge poem  one can find himself wondering for the very definitions of honour  love  anger  hate  heroism  discipline  loyalty and so on . the best part and the most educational as well were these prolonged talks between the warriors before the battle . none of these though were revealed in  troy   br    br   warner  s troy was really cheap to my eyes  and to other intellectual people english finnish and german colleagues of me as well . it is a shame to spend millions of dollars in such a bad scenario . by the way perfect storm was a bad and stupid blockbuster  computers graphics did the whole work   and yet it is wolfgang petersen  s best work .  br    br   i conclude saying that you  d better watch something else instead . i would give troy  out of   . it is a really expensive b movie .  br    br   cheers  br    br   alex  
i had high hopes for troy and i am so bitterly disappointed . the film was directed so badly it made my stomach ache . the pacing was so slow  the dialogue laughable and the film  well apart from a nice fight scene between achilles  pitt  and hector  bana   the rest was shallow .  br    br   and why  oh why does hollywood always insist on rewriting stories to fit  consumer approval  . agamemnon didn  t die in troy  the war lasted   years and achilles was killed by paris outside the walls of troy with an arrow to the ankle  it annoys me that such a classic story as this is turned into a soap .  br    br   and don  t even start me on the  lack  of chemistry between helen and paris . she was the woman the war was fought over and it didn  t even look as if the two of them cared a great deal about the other . no sparks  no emotion  no hope .  br    br   i have to say in the films defence brad pitt  eric bana and peter o  toole acted very well with a bad script but that isn  t enough to save this awful movie .  br    br   can anybody tell me where the     million budget went  maybe in all the trees they used for the funeral pyres  where did they get all those trees   br    br   i am so disappointed it hurts .  
i had the greatest enthusiasm going in to the advance screening for this movie . after all  this is one of the oldest and most complex tales known to mankind  and it was one of the first epic tales i read as a kid  even before tolkien  . i must say that it was a huge disappointment . they completely made the plot into a joke and turned the thing into one long soap opera . the elements that were faithful to the plot were sprinkled throughout in such a haphazard manner that the audience was laughing at many times at the silly script that just paid lip service to this battle of all battles . it was a huge disappointment to see a complex character like achilles  who has a strange combination of nearly matrix  like powers  utter ruthlessness and male lovers in the original poem  turn to  fabio on the beach  in the guise of pitt  who with a good script and more effort could have turned this into the most complex and original warrior figure hollywood has ever produced  . the actors were actually decent  trying to make the best of a ridiculous script . it was actually a waste of so much talent  peter o  toole stole the show  and orlando bloom and sean bean were pathetic  . compare it to lotr or gladiator and it doesn  t even hold a candle to them . plenty of hunks for the ladies to goggle over but not enough battle scenes for a movie that is about one long battle and siege . i wouldn  t recommend that anyone pay to see this story dragged through the dirt like one of the characters was  at least they got that part right  .  
i have walked out of about  movies my entire life . this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen . i don  t know how i sat through an hour of it . i must have been in a coma that night . i saw it in the theatre when it came out  years ago . i couldn  t even remember the name  but i knew that penelope ann miller starred in it . it must have really affected me to be wasting my time commenting on it today . yech  vomit  barf   
the box for  to die for  suckered me in   a shirtless hunky guy and the promise of some laughs and sex . there was plenty of thomas arklie  simon   who  s easy on the eyes  but no laughs and little sexiness .  br    br   the couple  mark and simon  have allegedly been together several years  but neither character is interesting enough to care about  so it  s hard to imagine that they care about each other . the fault seems to lie in the script  not the performances both actors do the best they can with what they  re given .  br    br   the ending is sappy and unaffecting  well  not totally unaffecting i felt relief that it was over  .  br    br   if you  re looking for a movie about gay relationships and aids that  s funny   parting glances  is far better .  
i remember devil dog playing on tbs almost   years ago  and my older sister and her friends watching it and laughing all the next day . it  s not that bad for a made  for  tv horror movie  but it is derivative  mostly of the exorcist  and businesslike  for lack of a better word . it won  t blow you away with artful cinematography or great acting  but it  s not a waste of time  either . it  s the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren  t in the mood to think too hard .  br    br   however  if you go into the movie looking for some laughs  you won  t be disappointed . the early scenes  with lucky the devil dog as a cute little puppy with children of the damned eyes are hilariously non  threatening  and the climactic blue  screen effects of a giant black dog  with horns   are pretty side  splitting . and keep an eye out for the cloaked satanist in maverick shades toward the beginning .  br    br   not a great horror film by any stretch of the imagination  but i wish they still made stuff like this for tv .  
i had read a few positive reviews of this film  and was truly surprised at how dreadful the whole thing was . positioned as some cross between an aids  related story and some kind of  ghost    blithe spirit  tale  this film can  t always make it  s mind up what it wants to be .  br    br   simon and mark are a gay couple who have an  open  relationship  simon is able to have anonymous  though safe  sex on the side when he wants . mark is hiv and he and simon don  t seem to have a sex life anymore . when mark dies  simon  who has made a habit of shutting off his emotions after being rejected years ago by his father  tries to erase his memory and just get on with being a bachelor . not that his behavior before mark  s death was much different . but mark returns in ghostly form and foils his various trysts  while getting simon to open up and admit his true feelings .  br    br   unfortunately  simon is such a selfish sob  it  s impossible to feel any empathy toward him for most of the film . by the time he is supposed to be more sympathetic  it  s too late to care . mark  on the other hand  follows in demi moore  s footsteps from  ghost   by crying profusely throughout the movie .  br    br   there is a bizarre switch in tone after mark returns . suddenly we get some lame attempts at humor  a la the tv show  bewitched .  but that doesn  t last long . once simon  s emotional health is at stake  the whole thing becomes increasingly mawkish  with amateurish attempts to jerk at your heartstrings . the finale  with a gold  plated muscle  boy angel guiding a tearful mark to heaven while a chastened  grief  stricken simon waves goodbye is just stupefying  chiefly because it isn  t intentionally funny .  
this film is  riveting  but in much the same way a car crash is riveting . it  s hard to look away . overall  this film is nothing more than an incredibly irresponsible social experiment   and a futile  biased experiment at that . the filmmakers are manipulative and seem to have no problems going for the lowest possible denominator . the manner in which the money is presented to ted is pure exploitation . the intervening steps that the filmmakers force ted to participate in  meeting with so  called experts  were empty and devoid of any substantive attempt to connect with ted . instead  it  s painfully obvious that they serve to cover the filmmaker  s posteriors and to further exploit ted  s situation . the worst part is that the filmmakers stop following ted after  months and seemingly are cut off entirely from the subject they had followed so closely months before . if they had cared  they would have found better  experts  to help ted . if they truly wanted to see what ted would do  then they should have let him spend the money without any intervention . this film is at best a high  brow jackass stunt and not a documentary . it  s sad to think how much         could have actually changed a homeless person  s life had it been put in the right hands .  
what happens when you give a free man just enough money to trap him into the rat race and watch him squirm  homeless people answer to no one . they have no mortgages  rent payments or idiot bosses . homeless people don  t have to worry about the irs or performance reviews or credit card payments . but  give them just enough money to rent an apartment and buy a car and  suddenly  they have to worry about entering the rat race  buying gas for transportation  paying insurance on their car  and working for someone else . they get a chance to be a  productive citizens .  this film was about as exploitive as a film can be . it  s a way for the rich and middle  class sheeple to say  see what happens when you try to help the poor   and it vindicates capitalistic arrogance .  br    br   why not a film that asks   what happens when you take away everything a rich man has    
as always this is an inaccurate picture of the homeless . tv told a lot of lies about panhandlers in the early     s and made everyone look bad  and claimed we all made over     a day when       a day was much closer to reality . when someone drove by where i held up a sign offering to work  and offered me work  i actually went and took the work if i was physically able . and if i would been offered the         id damned sure invested in in apt prepaid for at least  years  and kept most in the bank and still left myself          for nl     and     cash games at the casinos . i usually always win and could win decent if i just had a bankroll . instead i win about      a month is all playing in always minimum buying in due to not wanting to risk losing it all . i was only homeless cause i didn  t wanna risk spending all my money and going broke  sometimes i had over           in my sock while i slept outside . anyone wanting to talk contact sevencard     on yahoo messenger . i admit i was different than most homeless people though  due to the fact i never drank smoke or took drugs . im no longer homeless  am now in govt housing for     a month and getting ssi and spend most of my time winning at online poker . mom and sunflower diversified worked hard to get me ssi . glad my days of hiding in under the stage in the convention center of the casino at night sleeping  worrying about getting caught by security are finally over . had this tv crew picked me theyd been over a lot sooner . its a shame how they don  t better select who they pick .  
  what happens when you give a homeless man           as if by asking that question they are somehow morally absolved of what is eventually going to happen . the creators of  reversal of fortune  try to get their voyeuristic giggles while disguising their antics as some kind of responsible social experiment .  br    br   they take ted  a homeless man in pasadena  and give him         to see if he will turn his life around . then  with only the most cursory guidance and counseling  they let him go on his merry way .  br    br   what are they trying to say   money can  t buy you happiness    the homeless are homeless because they deserve to be   or how about   lift a man up  it  s more fun to watch him fall from a greater altitude .  they took a man with nothing to lose  gave him something to lose  and then watched him dump it all down the drain . that  s supposed to be entertainment  they dress this sow up with some gloomy music and dramatic camera shots  but in the end it has all the moral high ground of car crash videos  only this time they engineered the car crashes and asked   what happens when you take down a stop sign    
don  t spend your money or your time on this pitiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography . when every third word is devoted to foul language and there is no real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same dated performances from the past and have not evolved in their careers  leaves a lot to be said . i was expecting something better from award winning actor benicio del toro . the vision that others may have of puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such trash as maldeamores . a foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context  see the movie elsa and fred for example  but it should not permeate the plot . the movie is a total embarrassment and there was absolutely nothing funny or even cute about this film .  
this film is a good example of how through media manipulation you can sell a film that is no more than a very unfunny tv sitcom . in puerto rico the daily newspaper with the widest circulation has continuously written about the marvels of this film  almost silencing all others . coincidentally the newspaper with the second largest circulation belongs to the same owners . the weekly claridad is the only newspaper on the island that has analyzed the film  s form and content  and pointed out all its flaws  clichs  and bad writing .  br    br   just because a film makes a portion of the audience laugh with easy and obvious jokes  and because one can recognize actors and scenery  does not make it an acceptable film .  
charles bronson continued his    s slump with what could possibly be his worst movie of the decade  if not ever . in it he plays a detective who goes to great lengths to track down a pimp who has abducted an asian girl and is currently selling her to the highest bidder . it  s a shameful attempt at action and is quite possibly the most depressing movie ever made . a lot of people consider the death wish sequels to be bronson  s worst movies . the death wish sequels weren  t great movies but were in most cases competently made and very watchable . kinjite however is an utterly dull thriller which is punctuated by mean spirited racism and child molestation . it really is a rephrensible film and all of it is made worse by the fact that it tries to preach a  law and justice  mentality that is too overwrought to really say anything . indeed the movie begins with underage sex being interrupted with bronson then anally raping the pedophile with a dildo . the chicago theater i watched this in just gasped at the awkwardness of this scene  only to gasp at the awkwardness of the pimp raping the girl in this film . it has no point other than to exploit and really the movie wasn  t well written enough to rise above the exploitation level and deliver something that would work . bronson seems more into things but clearly this is far too repugnant to save . i want to point out that i think charles bronson is the coolest actor ever but this effort is ultimately his worst . the action sequences are poor also .  br    br       out of    awful   
repugnant bronson thriller . unfortunately  it  s technically good and i gave it      but it  s so utterly vile that it would be inconceivable to call it  entertainment  . far more disturbing than a typical slasher film .  
the     s were not very kind to one  time major star charles bronson . starting with      s  death wish ii  and ending with this truly gruesome film from     bronson  s screenwriters seemed to be trying to top each other in progressive grossness .  d . w . ii  left little to the imagination in its depiction of the rape and suicide of bronson  s character  s daughter   a rape and murder of his housekeeper was also shown in disgusting detail  .    to midnight  was the sort of loathsome film that made you want to take a bath afterwards . nothing redeeming about it . other films like  the evil that men do  and the remaining  death wish  films from this period straddled the line between high camp and high barf with their earnest depictions of brutality and revenge . i  m not sure if the producers  usually pancho kohner  got a kick out of showing a weary looking  senior citizen  aged bronson destroying punks young enough to be his grandchildren or what  but the shoddy craftsmanship  and terrible scripts  of these films usually destroyed what little energy they may have generated .  br    br    kinjite    the last of these films   is fairly well  made but truly takes the cake in cinematic wretchedness . in this film bronson sodomizes a perverse john forces a pimp to eat his rolex watch allows a male prisoner to get raped by another prisoner makes incredibly xenophobic remarks among other things i  ve thankfully forgotten . also depicted is the gang  rape of a young japanese girl  fortunately  this was off  screen  though well  implied  .  br    br   what were people thinking when they made this film  what was bronson thinking when he decided to ruin his career with these horrible films  for anyone interested in his best movies  check out most of the films he made in the     s and     s like  the mechanic    death wish    from noon til     once upon a time in the west    red sun    the great escape    the magnificent seven    rider on the rain   etc .  etc . . . .  
what  s this  a canadian produced zombie flick that i have never heard of before . a mortician works on the body of a recently deceased young man . this allows for an extended flashback that show how the guy got there . basically  he and friends went to a cemetery on friday the   th and raised the dead thanks to his silly chanting . cut back to the morgue where our dead body comes back to life and kills the mortician and owner  who gets his eyes popped out  . the final wtf  shot has the funeral home owner in a straight jacket and screaming   i  m not crazy   amazingly  he has his eyeballs back .  br    br   running a scant   minutes  this is certainly one oddity in zombie cinema . it feels a lot longer  but put me in some kind of trance where i couldn  t stop watching . the film also has one of those  if you see this image  turn away from the screen  gags . it is the image of an old man getting sick in a theater  prophetic   and when he pops up  only twice  the blood begins to flow . the scenes are pretty damn gory for the time period . there is a great gaffe where a zombie chops off a girl  s right hand with a shovel  but  when he pulls the fake hand into the frame to chomp on  it is a left hand .  
offering a killer combo of terrible writing  terrible acting and terrible direction  it  s a tossup whether kinjite forbidden subjects is offensively bad or just hilariously bad . it  s almost as if someone ran a competition to make the sleaziest  seediest cannon film . as if a glance at a cast list including characters like  lesbian pedophile    perverted gentleman    porno actress  weren  t enough  it  s your only chance to see charles bronson  s cop throw a lowlife on a bed and grab a dildo  but don  t worry  it  s okay  as the offscreen screams make clear he  s only torturing him for information . after all  even if he is a bit overprotective of his nice catholic daughter  he  s a nice catholic cop who regularly brings local catholic priest william o  connell a packed lunch and who believes in poetic justice  or at least ensuring that the bad guys end up in the slammer with the horniest inmates maximum security can provide to give them a taste of their own medicine . but then that  s what you get for telling him  look  i think you  re a little bit unstable .  still  when later offered a bribe  he may snarl  i  d like to shove this up your ass  but i don  t want to get my hands dirty   he  s clearly learned where to draw the line instead  he just makes him eat a        watch and sets fire to his cadillac . the anal obsession even follows through to the film  s title despite the poster featuring a naked japanese girl on a porn film set  the film  s only direct example of kinjite  forbidden subjects  as alex hyde white  s english teacher explains to a group of japanese businessmen  is  er talking about your bowel movements in polite society .  br    br   bronson isn  t just too old for this  as the opening fight makes only too clear  he  s too old for love interest peggy lipton  and she looks old enough to have grown  up kids . a better actor than he ever got the credit for when given the right material  here  s he  s given less a properly thought out character than a series of outrageous reactionary quirks . when he  s not widening the circles of suspects he  s accidentally dropping them to their death off the sides of buildings . he  s definitely not a p . c . copper  with a special loathing for the japanese  as if it wasn  t bad enough that they  re buying up american businesses  what  s worse  they double  park on a public thoroughfare  no racial minority goes unassaulted  be they black pimp or pakistani hotel clerk  no cop clich unrecycled  be it a boss who bangs his fist on the table or a dead meat partner  perry lopez and his spectacularly bad hair dye that  s so prominent it deserves screen billing all its own  . the twin plot strands  bronson  s l . a . cop trying to take down juan hernandez  s pimp who deals in underage girls and james pax  s porn  obsessed japanese businessman  take forever to intertwine  and then in the most unlikely of ways after copping a feel of bronson  s daughter on a bus   some oriental guy touched my holy of holies     in the film  s idea of poetic justice pax finds his own daughter kidnapped by hernandez . you half expect the writer to pop his head round the corner of the screen and say   how d  ya like them apples    br    br   somewhere underneath all the laziness is the germ of a good idea even if it is too muddily developed to ever be clear quite what that idea really is  but the execution is pure rising sun the archie bunker version  shot like out  takes from an r  rated   s music video with an outrageous and rather lazy dockside shoot   em  up  and  blow  em  up finale that sees a small army of machine  gunning sidekicks suddenly appear to up the gratuitous body count . the last of bronson  s mostly bad to in different collaborations with j . lee thompson  and sadly thompson  s last film as director  it  s a poor signoff for two undervalued players who increasingly never seemed to be that discerning about what pictures they said yes to .  
charles bronson stars as lt crowe a police detective who declares war on a pimp named duke  juan fernandez  who kidnaps the daughter of a japanese businessman who is the man who sexually harassed crowe  s daughter  amy hathaway  in this sleazy yet stylishly helmed revenge thriller . kinjite may not be for everyone with it  s somewhat disturbing plot threads but it is well made and indeed entertaining .  
when great director  actor combinations are talked about the team of j . lee thompson and charles bronson is not usually mentioned . probably because the output of nine joint ventures between the two of them runs the gamut from the really good action entertainment to the mediocre . unfortunately kinjite forbidden subjects falls in the latter .  br    br   that  s sad because kinjite could have been a whole lot better . but for the life of me i don  t understand why it was necessary to make the father of the missing japanese girl  a guy used to getting some cheap jollies because the romance in his marriage has run out . that might have been good for another film altogether  but it served no purpose here .  br    br   a straightforward cop drama with charles bronson as a vice cop who  s seen a bit too much in his line of work and has a strong prejudice against orientals . that part could also have used a little explaining as well . but he  s going to have to overcome it if he and patient partner perry lopez are going to locate a captured japanese school girl .  br    br   bronson  s time in the vice squad have told him exactly where to look for the kidnapper . a stylish  murderous pimp played by jaime fernandez is the guy and he and bronson have some history . in fact in the film  s best scene  bronson made him eat an expensive rolex watch and set his car on fire .  br    br   at one point fernandez happens to spot bronson and lopez in an all night delicatessen and this being after his rolex snack  he sprays the place with an uzi killing everyone  but bronson and lopez . i really think that little incident would have had more than a couple vice cops from the lapd after fernandez . but that  s another terribly big hole in the plot .  br    br   still there is a very rough justice in the end for fernandez . i wish the whole film had been better though . this was the last film of the bronson  thompson team and j . lee thompson  s last as a director . he should have gone out with something better .  
the husband  and  wife team of bennie fields and blossom seeley were huge stars in vaudeville  yet they made very few films . as is the case for some other performers of their era  george m . cohan  fanny brice  gertrude lawrence  the most accessible piece of film footage for fields and seeley is the biopic about them  in which they  re portrayed by other actors  somebody loves me   starring betty hutton and that inimitable song  and  dance man ralph meeker .  br    br   in their heyday  fields and seeley were so hugely popular that another husband  and  wife vaudeville act   jesse block and eve sully   achieved nearly as much stardom performing an almost identical act  effectively becoming the  second  team  fields and seeley . offstage  though  there was a major difference in the couples  living arrangements . fields and seeley lived in hotel suites  paying room  service rates for every meal they ate  and eventually running out of money . block and sully lived modestly and invested their earnings wisely  ending in comfortable retirement .  br    br   the first   seconds of this vitaphone short are occupied by two spats  wearing pianists . apparently these two men had some slight name value of their own in      although i  ve never heard of them . finally  fields and seely rush in and start performing . they both have plenty of pep  and she  s fairly attractive .  br    br   i was annoyed that both performers keep making movements as if they  re about to break into a dance  but they never quite do so until the third of the three songs they perform in this short . when they finally start hoofing  the results are not impressive .  br    br   i was delighted to have this opportunity to see these two major performers doing their vaude act . now that i  ve seen it  i understand why they never became stars in movie musicals . my rating for this one just  out of    and i  ll stick with block and sully .  
this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen  as it  s absolutely god awful  john carradine has very limited screen time . all the characters are boring  and the story is terrible  plus i could see the two twists at the end coming miles away  . the great setting and the creepy house definitely would have helped if it wasn  t so damn boring  and there isn  t one character to root for either  plus i hope it makes it  s way to the bottom     because it deserves to be there in my opinion . when john carradine finally shows up at the end  it  s a pretty good scene but it  s already way too late  and the only other screen time he had was in flashbacks  plus the only really gory scene in the movie is when a character gets his face messed up by bee  s  as it was rather gory . i got this in a dvd horror set called back from the grave and everyone really overacts in my opinion  plus it  s lucky this was included in a set i bought otherwise i would have chucked this out the window  . this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen  as it  s absolutely god awful  john carradine has very limited screen time  and i say avoid it like the plague   you don  t want to go through the torture . the direction is absolutely terrible  . carl monson does an absolutely terrible  job here  making every thing look cheap  wasting his potential on making creepy atmosphere and just keeping the film at an incredibly dull pace . the acting is just as bad . john carradine is good in his scene  but other then that he  s hardly in the film other then flashback scenes .  carradine ruled    . merry anders overacts here terribly as laura  as she didn  t convince me at all . ivy bethune is ok  and somewhat creepy  but also overacted  she did have a creepy smile at the end though . rest of the cast  i didn  t pay enough attention too  as i had a lot of trouble getting through it  but they were all really bad . overall please avoid this  it  s not worth the agony  . bomb out of   
back when i was a kid and i lived with my sister  she bought every horror movie she could find and this was one of them . vcr  s had just became a household item and we didn  t have but about    movies and we watched the hell out of all of them .  br    br   i was at a yard sale the other day and i saw this vhs copy of blood legacy and i buy any horror movie i don  t have and i knew this movie looked familiar . i thought for a second and realized it was one that my sister had bought . she had sold it years ago in a yard sale i am guessing  who knows .  br    br   i didn  t recall anything at all about it and i watched it the night i bought it and it refreshed my memory because of a few scenes . i am not sure how i felt about it as a kid but i am sure i enjoyed it because it was new to me and i  d watch and enjoy anything back then .  br    br   i am a horror freak  but there are certain requirements in order for me to consider it  good  and this one fell very short . it was one of those talk talk talk and bore me to death types . what death scenes you see are done using the shadow on the wall followed by blood splatter and thats if you  re lucky you get that much .  br    br   the story is good and i have seen a few with similar plots  so i think this one should be buried and forgotten . don  t watch this people unless you  re hard up .  
ok  how  s this for original  this mean  rich old geezer leaves his estate to his adult children  all of them ungrateful losers  and two creepy servants  provided they spend the week in his spooky old house . what happens that night will surprise only those who haven  t seen a movie or television show before . after a string of murders in which the victims look like they  re bleeding restaurant ketchup  we have a painfully obvious twist ending . the cast is lead by some once respectable actors must have been desperate for their paychecks . there are also a few second  tier actors who were rising at the time but long forgotten now . as a result  the film generates all the drama and mystery of an episode of  matlock .  i will give credit where it  s due  the closing scene is clever and amusing  if you  re still awake .  
you know a movie will not go well when john carradine narrates  a . k . a . reads the script  plot synopsis  over his character  s funeral procession  a mere  minutes into the movie . the narration is his character  s last will  testament . it stipulates that his estate be divided amongst his  children and servants . the children shall split     million equally  but if any should die then that share is split amongst the remainders . if all the children should die then it is divided amongst the servants . to be eligible  they must live in the family estate for a week . it sounds like the typical plot of a reality show .  br    br   there is little subtext as to the nature of the deans . they are a powerful and severely dysfunctional family  but the real trouble starts with the drowning of that dog . from the opening voice  over by john carradine you expect this movie will lead to a machiavellian cat and mouse game with a twist ending .  br    br   that journey is painfully slow and pointless . we trudge through minutes of watching people sitting around  playing pool  throwing darts  the misuse of the  through the fish bowl  shot  dramatic conversations between silk cravat wearing men  constant bickering  misplaced circus music  bizarre flashbacks reminiscent of faux  german expressionism  the horror aesthetic of the  th grade and heaps of dramatic overacting . this all inevitably leads to the expected  ungratifying ending . you will be happy to still be alive  but the pain might be too great to bear alone . share children  share .  br    br    celluloid rehab  
a family of terrible people must remain in a house for a week or else they will lose their inheritance which will go to the servants who will only get their inheritance if they agree to stay on and keep the house in order . people die  and so will you if you try to sit through this  if you  ve ever had any desire to see bad actors  many with ill fitting dentures  act or attempt to act in a bad horror movie this is your chance . this is just awful . its so bad i thought al adamson  one of the worst directors ever  directed it  but i was wrong .  br    br   its so bad i don  t want to say anything more about it  not because it isn  t polite but because once i start i may not be able to stop .  br    br   avoid  
a grade  z horror filmmaker carl monson was one of the most prolific directors operating within the field of the low  budget gory mayhem . his movies are full of inept gore  laughable acting  boring sub  plots and woeful dialogue . a mysterious black clad figure is savagely murdering guests staying at the family mansion . unfortunately this film is almost bloodless . you don  t actually see the murders except with shadows and a few blood splatters . the pace is lethargic and the plot is rather uninteresting . the acting is merely competent  but the lack of gore and mutilation left me disappointed . a generous  out of   . just bewaredo not mistake monson  s film with andy milligan  s equally weak  legacy of blood  .  
this thought long lost flick sometimes comes available on the web . so i bought me a copy . well  of course the acting is terrible and the story line is childish but it does have his moments . i think people who searched this one also knows the backstory of it . it was made by a grindhouse cinema owner for an extreme low budget . but for me he surely didn  t spoiled the money on props but on the make up . the make up is for that kind of flick well done . the zombies are watchable and the gore is intact . the only problem with that kind of movies is the quality of the pelicule . it  s terrible  luckely no hiss on the sound but sometimes it  s way too dark . so you have to watch clearly to see the gore . in a funny way they tried to sell this one as really not for the squeamish . a voice  over tells in the beginning of the movie to watch out for a sign and a man appearing with green flashes  that tells you there is gore on the way . of course that doesn  t work  made me think of cannibal girls  had that annoying bell when the red stuff started to flow . they had the original idea  cannibal girls was made a year earlier . don  t go for the storyline  go for the zombies and notice a continuity mistake . when the girl and guy are making love first she takes of her bra  then they make love and suddenly her underwear is back on . . . try to do that  or am i getting a bit offline  . . . eat it you ugly corpses  
i happen to have bought one of those  legacy of horror    movie pack collections and would you believe i  m still looking through them to find a good horror movie in it . sometimes you find an enjoyable yet campy one like the devil  s messenger or the devil bat  or one of the great alfred hitchcock  s films  some aren  t horror however and are only on there because hitchcock directed some horrors and suspense  but other times it seems that they put movies like the island monster and this on because they can  t accept the fact they would easily be forgotten and should be for that matter .  br    br   so we open up to sort of a westing game idea . the rich yet cruel and abusive father played by carradine  the one standing feature of this  has died and left his inheritance to his children and servants who he still hates . carradine gives a good enough performance as always  but he  s left mainly in a voice recording and flashback sequences leaving us to sit through the mediocre  terrible performances . the rest of the cast either overacts or underacts in scenes . given this was an independent film of the    s the lighting and effects are pretty limited . it  s hard to build a lot of tension when the viewer can  t see what  s happening that well in some scenes . some actors like the servants igor and elga give an effort at least and i  m ashamed to admit kind of left me chuckling at the end mainly for the sheer stupidity but still with some very minor happiness that they pulled some version of a twist to an otherwise pretty obvious who  done  it but not enough to enhance the quality of the film . you aren  t meant to like the characters as they are either selfish and cruel or psychotic  but it takes it to a whole new level and makes many unwatchable . the death scenes are pretty bad and the suspense is not really there . it proves that you would probably enjoy the   movie pack  chilling  containing films like house on a haunted hill  little shop of horror  s with jack nicholson  and night of the living dead over it . this is best avoided .  
terrible . . . just terrible . probably the worst film i have ever seen . and i did see some pretty bad pictures  throughout the years . the sound sucks so does the quality of the picture  the direction  the acting . . . etc  etc . the only good shoots  meaning funny  because they  re so bad  are the special effects . overall there are about  minutes worth of laughs . the rest of the flick gives you brain damage .  
blood legacy starts with the arrival of lawyer tom drake  norman bartold  to the dean estate formerly owned by the now deceased christopher dean  john carradine   upon his arrival he is greeted by mr . dean  s four children  gregory  jeff morrow   his wife laura  merry anders   victoria  faith domergue   johnny  richard davalos  plus leslie  brooke mills   her fella carl isenberg  john smith  . drake plays a tape recording of they  re late father  s wishes after his death  the estate worth    million dollars is to be split equally between his four children  if any should die then the money would be split equally between the rest  if all were to die the freaky servants elga  ivy bethune   igor  buck kartalian   the more mundanely named frank  john russell  would pocket the lot . well  not satisfied with a quarter share of     million  which is still almost    million back in     which doesn  t sound too bad to me  someone decides they want it all for themselves  it  s not long before decapitated heads are turning up in the fridge . . .  br    br   co  written  produced  directed by roy monson blood legacy disappointed me on two accounts . for starters this film  s alternate  much more common title is legacy of blood which is also the title of an obscure horror film directed by andy milliagn back in    which i  ve always wanted to see  both films are regularly mixed up as both have similar stories  when i checked my on screen cable tv guide for legacy of blood i was excited because it said it was the milligan film  even listed him as director so when i actually sat down to watch it  i heard john carradine  s voice  i then knew it wasn  t the milligan film that i had wanted to see  my heart sank . then  of course  there  s the simple yet undeniably straight forward fact that blood legacy is a total utter piece of crap that is literally painful to watch at times . the script by monson  eric norden is slow  boring  extremely predictable . the character  s are absolutely bizarre in an annoying way  the freak of a servant who ask  s his sister    to cane him  the strange set of brother  s  sisters who are just downright unlikeable  so far removed from reality that any tension or mystery that the simplistic whodunit story could have achieved is sorely missing  then there  s the awful twist ending that you can guess within the first   minutes . it  s boring to watch  it  s poorly paced  it  s just a chore to even think about it . please  someone save me as this is really bad stuff . i could go on all day about how bad blood legacy is  i really could .  br    br   director monson was either working with a none existent budget or judging by this he shouldn  t have even been directing traffic . the entire film looks ugly  it  s poorly photographed  there is no atmosphere or scares . the blood  gore is tame  there  s an axe in a head  a decapitated head  a scene when someone is stung to death by wasp  s  the best murder when someone  s face is eaten by piranha . however there are question marks over this scene  so there  s the victim  right . there  s the tank of piranha  right . victims head is placed in piranha tank  right . pirahna eat victims face  right . water remains crystal clear despite said victim having his face eaten  erm where  s the blood   br    br   technically blood legacy is terrible  it looks awful  the sound was obviously shot live  it  s muffled  hard to hear which considering the terrible dialogue is maybe a blessing in disguise . the acting was not going to win anyone any awards that  s for sure  the least said about it the better .  br    br   blood legacy is an awful film  there really isn  t a single positive aspect to it or if there is i can  t think of it . do yourself a favour  don  t bother with this one  there are much better films out there .  
spoilers with a gathering of family members and servants of the late christopher dean  john carradine  to hear his last will and testament they get somewhat of a surprise in that the dean fortune  some    million dollars . the money is to be divided between them but only after they successfully spend a week at the dean mansion . there seemed to have been a mix  up in the story when we later find out that it  s really an overnight sleepover  not a weeks vacation  at the mansion for the guests to qualify for dean  s money since almost everyone ends up dead by sunrise .  br    br   the first victim of the dean curse have nothing at all to do with getting and money from the departed christopher dean estate the local sheriff dan garcia  rodolfo acosta . acosta has his head chopped off refrigerated and then served on a platter to a shocked group of guests . later that evening cute little chin greg and laura  s  jeff morrow  marry anders  little pet pooch is found dead outside floating in the pond .  br    br   the movie has all the people staying at the dean mansion being picked off one by one until it  s revealed who the killer really is . we then have what seems to be a double  twist in the story where the original killer is suddenly killed together with two of the last remaining guest . the real killer ends up not only getting all the loot     million dollars  but then ends up not having to split it with his accomplice by doing him  or her  in by giving him a poisonous cookie that kills him on the spot .  br    br   nonsensical who done it  and haunted house  movie with a cast of such immoral and unlikable characters that even a mother  much less the audience  would have trouble liking . there  s everything you can possibly think of in the move involving the selective guests that includes incest sm sadism and of course double  dealing and back  stabbing not even counting murder . you just couldn  t care less who of the guests survives to collect the dean fortune at the end of the movie hoping against all hope then none of them do .  br    br   even the big surprise at the end isn  t really that much of a surprise since the killer  s identity is divulged with the film  maker having forgotten to keep his face in the shadows so you actual see who he is even before he reveals himself  we then have a plot  twist that eliminates the killer together with a number of remaining guest just to make the movie a little more confusing then it already is . the final plot  twist  that you can see coming from as far as ten miles away  was just to show how smart the very obvious killer was which fooled almost nobody watching the movie .  
ridiculous horror film about a wealthy man  john carradine  dying and leaving everything to his four children  and his servants to be divided up equally . one condition   they must spend one week in his estate to get the money . and if any of them die  the others get more . guess what happens next . . . .  br    br   i saw a brand new print of this film on cable . the colors were bright and vivid and the house itself looks beautiful . that  s about all the good things i can say about it .  br    br   let  s list just some of the problems this film has the killer is screamingly obvious the servants are called igor and elga   come on   some of the sound recording was so bad i couldn  t make out the dialogue  no great loss i  m sure   the gore was sparse and very poorly done the other murders were simply boring  stupid or impossible and this movie contains some truly abominable acting   so bad you just stare at the screen in disbelief . even pro jeff morrow was terrible  the only fairly good acting was from trouper faith domergue  who deserved better than this  and john carradine  who looks painfully old and frail here  . i do have to admit though   the closing line in this movie is a gem   br    br   why this was renamed  legacy of blood  is beyond me   there  s another     horror film with that name   br    br   whatever its name is  it  s a bad movie . to be avoided at all costs .  
this hamlet made for one of the boringest mst     episodes ever . i am not a shakespear fan  but i do not believe he ever intended his works to be this slow paced and drab . it is also one of the hardest movies to find because there are so many hamlets listed . like i said though this one is quite boring . it is in black and white  the pacing is slow  and there is minimal scenery . the actors are all dubbed too so that doesn  t help . this is the one mst     i can  t watch in one sitting cause the way the guy playing hamlet says his lines can put anyone to sleep .  
you all know the story of  hamlet  . i do .  br    br   well  the  to be or not to be  phrase  not the speech itself  has been beaten into the ground so many times that it  s not very interesting  in fact  it wasn  t that great to begin with  . in fact  i find  hamlet  a good but vastly overrated play . it  s not even shakespeare  s best  julius caesar  and  romeo  juliet  are ten times better  with  a midsummer night  s dream  and  othello  not too far behind .  macbeth  knock your table  off his drawers  puck will make amends  ow    isn  t that bad either . there are lots of others that are better than this by shakespeare .  br    br   i won  t really comment too much on the movie  rather i will dissect the utterly horrible mst  k episode .  br    br   okay . . . mike and the bots win a card game  get to pick the movie . . . they ask for  hamlet   pearl sends them this  yadda yadda yadda . . . and prepare for the most boring sci  fi episode of mst  k ever  admittedly  i haven  t seen any of the cc ones  .  br    br   while  blood waters of dr . z  makes the viewing of that episode horrible  since it is not really a movie  rather random  spliced  together scenes  i  m reminded of mike  s line from  future war    maybe this is an anthology of short  plotless movies    the sol crew a lot got off a good many good cracks . can  t say the same for here .  br    br   the riffs fall flat  the host segments  par usual  are at best mediocre  and when the movie itself  which isn  t that bad  is actually better  i mean  as a quality movie  not as camp  like  prince of space   than the mst  k version of it  you know the show must be bad . i laughed  the last time i saw it was several months ago   oh  maybe eight or nine times throughout . i tried and tried and tried to be entertained  but i just couldn  t . only the occasional line  like  hail queen dilbert  s boss    and when that  s the funniest line of the episode  well  ahem   and by occasional  i mean every ten minutes or so  maybe me even chuckle . the second time i tried to watch it  i didn  t even laugh at the few jokes i  d found funny before  and simply gave up forty minutes before .  br    br   the movie isn  t horrible it  s just a german version of hamlet . the actors are good enough  and though the dubbing isn  t the greatest  that  s not in itself a reason to hate this film .  br    br   four stars for  hamlet   three  yes three for the mst  k version .  br    br   ps why why why  mst  k   
ming the merciless does a little bardwork and a movie most foul   
i literally fell asleep  times watching this movie . granted  it  s shakespeare and that takes a certain mindset to be interested or not . but this movie exceeds any barrier of long soliloquies and what not  that may prevent many from just not caring about a shakespeare based story .  br    br   the largest roadblock to this production is the complete flatness of the characters . often during character  s interacting  it  s nearly difficult to distinguish who  s lines are who  s . granted  i believe this movie is dubbed in english . certainly they could  ve obtained voice actors which could  ve added a bit more drama to these classic  literary lines .  br    br   it would be difficult to rate this movie greater than   although perhaps that  s based on prejudices of perhaps age and what would seem a very low budget . still  it  s absolutely painful and boring . if you insist on hamlet  do yourself a favor and read the book again .      
poor will would be rolling over in his grave if he could this this horiible german  tv adaptaion of his classic play . it  s obvious that very little money was spent on it . a stage riser  a catwalk and some randomly placed columns pass off as a set . the movie was ineptly dubbed into english  with the english voice actors occasionally mumbling their lines . the whole production had an incredibly dark and dreary feel to it . and just where was fonterbras in this movie anyway  mst  k gave this sorry production the treatment it justly deserved .  br    br   to be or not to be  i wish this movie never was in the first place .  
kim basinger stars as della  a desperate housewife with a somewhat abusive husband  who gets into trouble while she  s out at the local mall doing some last minute christmas shopping . after placing a hastily scrawled hateful note on a piece of paper and sticking said paper in the windshield of a car that took up two parking spaces  she finds out the owners of the car are the rainbow coilition of villains comprising of a white guy  a mexican  a chinese guy  a black . they confront her about the note  cap a helpless security guard  and the chase is on . during the course of the film della will go for hunted to hunter as she unleashes her inner bronson .  br    br   i found this to be a somewhat tense little thriller . the acting was good enough  except for a few scenes  the  why god why  bit was cringe worthy in it  s badness though  it comes undone a bit due to the sheer fact that the villains della chases from  after are mind  numbingly stupid . if they hadn  t had the intellect of any given  home alone  baddie  perhaps their eventual defeat would be something to savor instead of the meh reaction it evokes . the unbelievability factor i  m willing to overlook as both the director  one of the producers had part in bringing  shoot em up  to the screen  a film which while throwing credibility out the window was immensely fun  . this film while never attaining the heights of that film  was good in it  s own rights .  br    br   my grade c   br    br   anchor bay dvd extras commentary with writer  director susan montford and producer don murphy a   and a half minute  making  of   a trailer  two tv spots for this film and trailer for lower learning  
i  m a fan of both shakespeare and mst  k  so i waited anxiously to see this episode . i  ll comment on the movie first  then the mst  k episode . the recipe for this movie take talented actors  rich and beautiful shakespeare material  and a   .   budget . mix well  then drain of all life and movement  until dull and lifeless . serve cold in a big  plain stone cauldron . movie  i give  out of    because the actors at least deserve a little bit of credit . okay  now the mst  k episode . i  ll admit it  the first time i saw it  i fell asleep halfway through . i understand that was the reaction of several other veiwers as well . however  when i watched it a second time  i realized that there was a whole host of intelligent references and good lines i missed the first time around . the trick with this episode is listen carefully  it takes a couple of viewings to catch each line . give it a second chance  and you  ll see what i mean . mst  k episode     out of   .  
note to george litman  and others the mystery science theater     riff is  i don  t think so  breeder  .  br    br   my favorite riff is  why were you looking at his  like     simply for the complete absurdity . that  and  right well did not   over all  i would say we must give credit to the mst  k crew for trying to ridicule this tv movie . you really can  t make much fun of the dialog bill s was a good playwright . on the other hand  this production is so bad that even he would disown it . a junior high school drama club could do better .  br    br   i would recommend that you buy a book and read  hamlet  .  
alas  poor hamlet . i knew him  dear reader  and let me tell thee  this version sucks  i don  t know who of all people put up the money for this flotsam  but i hope that they  re proud of themselves . they took the classic play and turned it into the most boring melodrama imaginable . this version is quite literally so bad  that not even the presence of a great thespian like maximilian schell in the title role can save it . this movie  s only redeeming quality is that it made great fodder for  mst  k   mike  servo and crow had a lot of fun with this one .  br    br   but either way  i  m sure that shakespeare  had he been alive when they made this  would not have wanted his name associated with it . this  hamlet  is not even so bad that  s it good it  s just plain bad . absolutely dreadful .  
yay  . . . i think . it  s hard to say . it  s hard to have an emotion about a movie that has no emotion . this movie is as sterile as a surgeon  s scalpel . for a setting  it has a few stone pillars  some stone seats  a couple stone crosses and some stone actors . they have no emotion  the only thing that saves this movie is the fact that it is hamlet  and hamlet is a terrificly written piece of literature . the dubbing really wasn  t all that bad though . the voices stuck true to the dull  gloomy  dreary  life  sucking atmosphere the movie gave forth . i have seen this version of hamlet on the fabulous mystery science theater     three times  and each of the three times  i was on the brink of turning off the tv  despite it being mst  k .  br    br   not an uplifting production of a drama that deserves so much better .  
take  br    br    . a famous play  br    br    . a director with now ideas of his own who is using  br    br    . a copy of the stage design of a popular theatre production of the play mentioned in  .  br    br    . an actor for the lead  who has no feeling for the part he  s playing and you  ll get  hamlet  prinz von dnemark   br    br   i listened to the radio play of  hamlet  with maximilian schell as hamlet and i was so disappointed . i hoped that the filmed version would be better  that schell would at least have a body language to underline what he  s saying  nothing . then the set . . . the minimalistic design is not everyone  s taste  but usually i like it when there  s just enough on the stage to make clear what  s the setting and nothing more . alas  that  s on a stage  in a theatre . it won  t work in a film based on a play that actually has believable settings . that the idea for the set was copied from the theatre production in which schell played the hamlet already . . . let  s say if that was the only thing to complain about . . . i ask myself how schell could get the part of hamlet anywhere in first place and how anybody could allow him to play hamlet a second time . if you  ve got the choice to view any of the about sixty films based on  hamlet   don  t watch this one  unless you  re a masochist  or really hardcore  or like to poke fun on untalented actors .  
there  s really not much need to begin this little review with a plot synopsis . i mean it  s shakespeare  s hamlet for goodness sake  probably one of the best known plays ever written . i  m not embarrassed to admit that i came to this version of hamlet the way most people on imdb have  through mystery science theater     . while the show may not be the best venue to use to judge a movie  in this case i cannot imagine attempting to watch it without the comedic quips . in a word  this german  made  for  tv version of hamlet is dreary .    minutes  no way  it  s too dark and depressing to be anything i want to spend almost three hours on . i  ve said it any number of times  but entertainment is the thing for me . and this wrist  slitter is far from entertaining . i will  however  give it a couple of points for what i felt was some reasonably good acting . a     sounds about right to me .  br    br   as much as i enjoy mst  k  their comments don  t help to make hamlet any more palatable . there are a few good riffs here and there  but overall  hamlet is just the wrong movie for mst  k . shakespeare is far too talky to allow the comedy to have any sort of rhythm or flow . as much as it pains me  i  ve got to give hamlet a    on my mst  k rating scale .  
 . . . this verson doesn  t mangle the bard that badly . it  s still a horrible minimalist production  hamlet  s dutch uncle is inexplicably dubbed by a spaniard  whether it  s ricardo montalban or not is subject to debate   and maximilian schell overacts like never before . most of the dialogue makes it through unscathed  and the fact that the mst  k version feels obliged to point out repeatedly that the speeches are long duh doesn  t strike me as incredibly humorous . mostly it  s just bad acting  though .  
i  ve seen all kinds of  hamlet  s .  br    br   kenneth branagh  s was most ambitious  mel gibson  s was quick and to the point  laurence olivier  s was the best  hands down . but now we come to maximilian schell  s take on the bard .  br    br   for one  this is a dubbed version of a german tv production of william shakespeare  s venerable chestnut . but if there  s a slower  more plodding  more lethargic and worse  staged version out there somewhere  it must have been acted at grade school  level .  br    br   having seen it on mst  k helps  with mike and the robots taking jolly good jabs at the old boy  puncturing the profundity of black and white tv  shakespeare and the wisdom    of germans acting out an english play and making it look like an ingmar bergman reject .  br    br   of course  the best parts are the mst riffs . best lines   i  m gonna unleash the great dane    i don  t think so   breather     meet the beatles    hey  dad  will you help me with my science project  and  my personal favorite  during a party   garrison keillor  s leaving germany  yaaay     .  br    br   but then there  s schell  playing shakespeare  s greatest character much like a department store mannequin would  only not as expressive . no doubt he  s a great actor  but here he comes off about as well as paul newman in  the silver chalice  . ever see that one  you gotta watch these two on a double  bill   br    br   in the end  this is one instance where it  s true that you  re much better off to just read the book . at least the book isn  t dubbed by ricardo montalban .  br    br   one star only for this  hamlet   ten stars  naturally  for the mst  k version .  br    br   good  night  not  so  sweet prince .  
i read the reviews of this movie  and they were generally pretty good so i thought i should see it . i  m a big francophile and art film lover  but i believe this is yet another case in which the critics make something  arty  or  intellectual  into something it is not . i will be blunt it contains scenes of sexual perverseness that i never  ever wanted to actually see . obviously  the piano teacher has some major psychological issues  but i really did not want to see them displayed so graphically . the film is  in essence  disgusting . i mean  when i saw requiem for a dream  i was repulsed by the last sort of scene with jennifer connelly  but that was not anywhere near the sort of disgust and repulsion i felt during this film .  
i rented the video of  the piano teacher  knowing nothing about it other than what was written on the video box . i did this with some trepidation because films that win awards at cannes are usually very good or very bad . unfortunately  this one falls in the latter category . about one quarter of the way into it i found myself saying out loud   this movie is boring .  about half way through i was saying to myself   where have i seen this before   at the three quarters mark i had figured it out .  br    br   in spite of its literary origins  this film is essentially a remake of robert altman  s much earlier        and better   that cold day in the park .  although the details obviously differ and altman  s work was more plot  driven and less of a character study  the two films are thematically identical . there is nothing  new  to be seen in this production . every aspect of it has been done before a character spiralling out of control with increasingly self  destructive behavior  abel ferrara  s  bad lieutenant        a perverse and doomed  love  culminating in an operatic  near  death scene  david cronenberg  s  m . butterfly        uncommonly brutal sex scenes  david lynch  s  blue velvet        and so on . hence  i am bemused by the fact that so many found the film to be  shocking    shattering   etc . this highly derivative film seems to have been made for the sole purpose of making viewers feel uncomfortable  and clearly succeeded with some . however  i largely attribute such a reaction to a lack of film  viewing experience . see enough movies and you really will  eventually  have seen it all . and while it is true that i saw the expurgated  r  rated  version  i doubt that the additional scenes would change my overall opinion of  the piano teacher .   br    br   technically  the film is not without merit . there is some very good camera work and the lighting is excellent . isabelle huppert  s creditable performance also helps save it from being a waste of time . this is the first of haneke  s films that i  ve seen  and if i were to see more i expect i would have the same opinion of him that i have of ferrara an interesting director but not nearly the genius others make him out to be . rating     .  
ok  if you  re a woman who  s got aggression issues  you might like this movie . hate your significant other  this movie is for you . for the guys  it will be a bag of laughs .  br    br   it  s sad when former award winning actresses have to do cut rate movies .  br    br   the only really good part is the last   seconds . even that was a load of cheese .  br    br   my wife is picking the worst movies lately . this is what you get  i  for letting my wife pick movies based on reading reviews on movie rental sites .  
although i can see the potentially redeeming qualities in this film by way of it  s intrigue  i most certainly thought that the painfully long nature in the way the scene structure played out was too much to ask of most viewers . enormous holes in the screenplay such as the never explained  your father died today  comment by the mother made it even harder to try to make sense of these characters .  br    br   this won first place at cannes in     which is a shock considering . perhaps the french had been starved for film noir that year and were desperate for something as sadistic as this film . i understood the long scenes as a device to keep the viewer as uncomfortable as possible but when matched with the inability to relate to the main character it went too far for me and kept me at arms distance from the story altogether .  br    br   this is a film for only the most dedicated fan of film noir and one who expects no gratification from having watched a film once it  s over . i loved movies such as  trainspotting  or  requiem for a dream   which were far more disturbing but at least gave the viewer something in the way of editing and pacing . to watch this teachers slow and painful silence scene after scene just became so redundant that i found it tedious  and i really wanted to like this film at every turn .  
well  the artyfartyrati of cannes may have liked this film but not me i am afraid . if you like the type of film where shots linger for so long that you wonder whether the actor has fallen asleep or the cameraman gone for lunch then it may be for you . a large part of it is like this with short sojourns into the realm of unpleasantness . i did not find it shocking nor disturbing as some other reviewers have  simply a little distasteful and pointless . the only reason i did not give this one star is that the acting is commendable ans the film is fairly well shot . the plot  however  has little to recommend . a large part of the film just shows a grumpy woman teaching or listening to piano  which might appeal to some people . but lest you think this is harmless enough be prepared for some snatches of pornography and sexual violence just to wake you up with a bad taste in your mouth . not recommended .  
i do not fail to recognize haneke  s above  average film  making skills . for example  i appreciate his lingering on unremarkable  natural  day  lighted settings as a powerful way to force a strong sense of realism . however  regarding the content of this film  i am very sad to see that in the   st century there is still an urge to pathologize domination  submission relations or feelings  and  or bdsm practices  . the problem that the main character has with her mother is unbelievably topical as is the alienation and uncomprehension felt by walter  i don  t mean the frustration of a lover which is not loved back in the same way  which is understandable i mean that he looks upon her as if she were crazy  or as if he was a monk  come on   . i mean d  s is not something new in the world and i think it is rather silly to treat the subject as if it were something  freakish  or pathological it isn  t . in general  films dealing with this subject are really lagging behind the times .  br    br   so  for me  i feel that this film ends up being quite a programmatical film  worried with very outdated psicoanalitical theories  isn  t it nearly embarrassing    and that does not really relate with real  life lives and experiences of those engaged in d  s relationships  personal experience  forums  irc chatrooms even recent scholar studies will show this  .  
isabelle huppert is a wonderful actor . the director of  la pianiste  understands this  providing the viewer with long takes of huppert  s face  and these are a pleasure to see . huppert is not an animated actor   she registers emotion with the smallest lift of an eyebrow or flicker of a smile .  br    br   other than the enjoyment of watching an experienced actor excel in her profession  there is nothing in this movie that makes me want to recommend it .  well  if you enjoy self  mutilation  sado  masochism  and bizarre behavior   la pianiste  might work for you . other than these attributes  i could not find any redeeming value in it .   br    br   buried in all this strange material there is a kernel of truth . people who compete at the very highest level   musically  athletically  whatever   begin as strange people  and are shaped into stranger people by the competitive environment .  br    br   not worth a trip to a movie theater to relearn this life lesson .  br    br    
this movie purports to be a character study of perversion . some reviewers have been gulled into assuming that because perversion is depicted  the film is psychologically deep actually  considering the salacious material  it is surprisingly tedious and shallow  with no motivational substance . why is the main character the way she is  you won  t find out from the script . for a better treatment of the same theme  and a more entertaining movie   try bunuel  s belle de jour .  
elfriede jelinek  not quite a household name yet  is a winner of the nobel prize for literature . her novel spawned a film that won second prize at cannes and top prizes for the male and female leads . am i a dinosaur in matters of aesthetic appreciation or has art become so debased that anything goes   br    br    gobble  gobble  is the favoured orthographic representation in britain of the bubbling noise made by a turkey . in the film world a turkey is a monumental flop as measured by box office receipts or critical reception .  gobble  gobble  and the piano teacher are perfect partners .  br    br   the embarrassing awfulness of this widely praised film cannot be overstated . it begins very badly  as if made to annoy the viewer . credits interrupt inconsequential scenes for more than   minutes . we are introduced to professor erika kohut  apparently the alter ego of the accoladed authoress  a stony professor of piano . she lives with her husky and domineering mum . dad is an institutionalised madman who dies unseen during what passes for the action .  br    br   reviewing the piano teacher is difficult  beyond registering its unpleasantness . what we see in the film  and might read in the book  for all i know  is a tawdry  exploitative  nonsensical tale of an emotional pendulum that swings hither and thither without moving on .  br    br   erika  whose name is minimally used  is initially shown as a person with intense musical sensitivity but otherwise totally repressed . not quite  because there  s a handbags at two paces scene with her gravelly  voiced maman early on that ends with profuse apologies . if a reviewer has to  yawn  extract a leitmotif  why not use a pretentious word when a simpler one would do   elrika  s violently alternating moods would be it .  br    br   a young hunk  walter  studying to become a  low voltage  engineer  whatever that is  and playing ice hockey in his few leisure moments  is also a talented pianist . he encounters elrika at an old  fashioned recital in a luxury apartment in what may or may not be paris . in the glib fashion of so much art  he immediately falls in love and starts to  cherchez la femme  .  br    br   repressed erika has a liking for hardcore pornography  shown briefly but graphically for a few seconds while she sniffs a tissue taken from the waste basket in the private booth where she watches .  br    br   walter performs a brilliant audition and is grudgingly accepted as a private student by erika  whose teaching style is characterised by remoteness  hostility  discouragement and humiliation .  br    br   he soon declares his love and before long pursues erika into the ladies where they engage in mild hanky panky and incomplete oral sex . erika retains control over her lovesick swain . she promises to send him a letter of instruction for further pleasurable exchanges .  br    br   in the meantime  chillingly jealous because of walter  s kindness to a nervous student who is literally having the shits before a rehearsal for some future concert  erika fills the student  s coat pocket with broken glass  causing severe lacerations to those delicate piano  playing hands .  br    br   the next big scene  by  passing the genital self  mutilation  etc  has walter turning up at the apartment erika shares with her mother . erika want to be humiliated  bound  slapped  etc . sensible walter is  for the moment  repulsed and marches off into the night .  br    br   at this point there  s still nearly an hour to go . the viewer can only fear the worst . erika tracks down walter to the skating rink where he does his ice hockey practice . they retire to a back room . lusty wally is unable to resist the hands tugging at his trousers . his  baby gravy  is soon expelled with other stomach contents . ho hum .  br    br   repulsed but hooked  perhaps desirous of revenge for the insult so recently barfed on the floor  walter returns to erika  s apartment . can you guess what happens now  it  s not very deep or difficult . yes  he becomes a brute while erika becomes a victim . one moment he  s locking maman in her room and slapping erika  the next he  s kicking her in the face  having sex with her and renewing his declarations of love .  br    br   am i being unfair in this summary  watch the film if you want  but i  d advise you not to .  br    br   anyone can see eternity in a grain of sand if they  re in the right mood . i could expatiate at the challenging depiction of human relationships conveyed by this film if i wanted . but i  prefer not to   because this is a cheap and nasty film that appeals to base instincts and says nothing .  br    br   i  m supposed to say that parentally repressed erika longs for love  ineffectively seeks it in pornography  inappropriately rejects it when it literally appears  pink and throbbing  under her nose  belatedly realises that she doesn  t like being hurt  blah  blah  blah .  br    br   the world has  for reasons not explained  stunted her . she apparently makes a monster out of someone who appeared superficially loving  but surely we all know that any man is potentially a violent rapist  because that  s his essential nature however much he tries to tell himself and the world otherwise .  br    br   at the end  if you have the patience to be there  there  s a small twist . before going to the final scene  where she  s due to perform as a substitute for the underwear  soiling student with the lacerated hands  erika packs a knife in her handbag . for walter   br    br   yes  you  re ahead of me . she stabs herself in a none life  threatening area and leaves . roll credits .  br    br   if this earned the second prize at cannes  just how bad were the rest of the entries   
a movie has rarely left me as cold as this one . there is not a bit of tension  not a second of fear  not a moment we jump  even a little bit . the girl is cute  yeah . that  s it . was that worth a movie  i knew it wasn  t supposed to be a great movie  but i was at least expecting one .  
i wasn  t really hoping for much when i went to see this . after mst  king the heck out of jasonx with some friends though  i was hoping for a similar experience here .  br    br   unfortunately the movie took itself way too seriously . do i care about jason  s problems  i  m sorry no . there are a legion ft   th movies that cover that anyway . at at then end of the day  he  s an undead serial killer  i  m just not going to get that sympathetic .  br    br   freddy was by far the most interesting aspect of the movie with the hallucinations and what not  but unfortunately they were few and far between and by the end of the movie  it had degenerated into a bad episode of celebrity deathmatch . . . only not funny .  br    br    
i rented this shortly after renting ben stein  s  expelled  and thought it would interesting to compare them . before i go further  it seems only fair that i point out the following so a reader can see if i  m prejudiced or not . i  m trying to be objective  for the record .  br    br   i tend to enjoy maher  s hbo show now and then  though i rarely think he  s the source of the humor . i don  t really care for his stand  up either . but he makes some good points on the show now and again  and i liked politically incorrect  though he was still fairly politically correct  which i deem a negative because the very term sounds orwellian or at least fascist  . as for my religious views  i  ll say for simplicity  s sake that i  m a non  denom . christian with some views that are objectivist and some that are agnostic mixed in .  br    br   that being said  this a bad  documentary  for reasons that haven  t been touched on yet by many reviewers   though the ones mentioned are valid too . the reason it  s not convincing isn  t just that he argues the main point without letting others talk  and his point boils down to nothing logical either  it  s just  come on  really   which isn  t a point  just a question . try david hume if you want a decent argument .  . the reason this isn  t convincing lies in his lack of experts on the subject matter . i saw this about  months ago and i only recall him talking to one person whose credentials as a professional were mentioned if he wasn  t a clergyman . there are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with masters or doctorates willing to do a bit of verbal sparring  particularly in the fields of history  anthropology or a host of others .  br    br   if one compares this to ben stein  s  expelled no intelligence allowed  he  ll find that stein interviews about   credentialed professors  professionals  clergy  etc . he does this with a variety of sources with various backgrounds . he also makes a point in his film regarding freedom of thought and education . maher could easily have pointed out wrongs committed by theocratic rules throughout centuries or persecutions from this . instead he idiotically refers to the   th century  s secular totalitarian regimes as evidence of why secularism needs more socio  political power      it  s in the bonus features where he  s standing in front of the anne frank house i think .  this is a true orwellian head  trip . he blames christianity in particular on many pointless deaths   which has had its share  though far smaller than most     without even including a basic view of the evidence . perhaps this is because that argument is dwarfed by secular humanism  s miserable record of the   th century alone .  br    br   another glaring weakness is his unwillingness to talk to anyone that would be considered a moderate or  average  practitioner . he picks out the weakest gazelles of the herd . how difficult is that  how does proving the existence of exceptions move toward disproving the general rule  it does not . wow  so people in cults think outside of the norm  how enlightening to know this . great work maher  again  it would be fairly easy to interview someone like laurence vance and include his work on refuting the idea of  patriotic duty  that demands a person fight in any war his country is involved in .  br    br   beyond all that  he  s just not that funny here . some of the clips that are overlaid in  clever  out of context  irreverent ways might garner a laugh  but mostly work to illustrate how a real contextual argument from maher will not be forthcoming  much less convincing . he spends most of his time bashing christians  spouting inaccuracies  and interviewing fringe groups that he doesn  t allow to really answer his questions .  br    br   for the record  there are good questions to honestly ask of religious folks and many they should ask of themselves . he touches on almost none of these . i get the feeling that i could  ve responded much better to most of his questioning than the people he interviewed  but the whole thing reeks of deck  stacking in terms of what is included and what was edited out .  
i  ve been a fan of all things bill maher for   years but this film was disappointing and at times disgusting . of course  i am catholic  come from a well  educated family and go to church of my own volition  which probably puts me at ends with quite a few of bill  s opinions .  br    br   bill  s problem is that he presumes that religion is uniformly negative . he  s correct to document the sociological aspects of it i . e . one faith builds its holidays on top of another and that many wars have been started because of religion  or  more accurately  by the sinister appeals of men to the ultimate and unquestionable authority of god   but that said he never looks at its positive side . quite frankly  i think that hell would freeze over before bill would ever humble himself and travel to the slums of calcutta where mother theresa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor . she  s dead now of course  but he could easily visit the jesuit priest in east la who runs homeboy industries  which works with young men typically with gang and prison backgrounds to teach them career skills  get their tattoos removed  and to become responsible members of society  or he could visit usc  s institute for advanced catholic studies  which has brought together some of the world  s finest theologians  diplomats  and investment bankers to study ways in which to ethically integrate the world  s poorest countries into global capital markets and thereby improve the standard of living for the half of the world  s people who live on less than   a day . of course he won  t do that because that would require him to consider evidence that does not easily fit into his preconceived beliefs about religion  and it  s so much easier to continue to make snide  superficial jokes .  br    br   that fits into the other large problem with bill  s movie  which is that he never subjects himself to anyone either on his level or who is better than he is . in this movie  you have maher the cornell grad spend most of his time talking down to truck drivers at a nondenominational christian truck stop service  in a night club with a dutch guy who smokes pot all the time  with the minister of a storefront church in miami who claims to be the reincarnation of christ  and with an actor playing jesus at a  holy land  theme park .  br    br   what you won  t see in bill  s film  beyond some superficial speculation alongside a ph . d in grand central station that religion chemically alters the brain like drugs do and that religion is the fallacy of tradition wrought on the masses  is any sort of serious and questioning interviews with philosophy and theology professors from schools like notre dame  byu  or wheaton college  who could easily rhetorically decapitate him in a debate on the matter . you won  t see any serious discussion of any of the writings of c . s . lewis  g . k . chesterton  or any papal encyclicals  and of course you also won  t find any discussion whatsoever of any of the non  abrahamic  judaism  christianity  and islam  faiths whatsoever . all you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of a condescending  snobby elitist from the west side of la who makes a movie for his own kind and who has absolutely no gut  level understanding whatsoever of how the other half of america that elected george w . bush  twice  lives their lives or about the school of thought behind it .  br    br   i get a lot of what bill  s saying  but for someone possessing his intellect and influence  this film was nothing less than pathetic . anyone interested in the kind of intellectual ferment that indie documentaries typically bring could find more stimulation in an old rerun of the teletubbies .  
fail . i  d love to give this crap a  . yes  i registered just to rate this garbage . i want to go back in time and cut my wrist . heres some copy and paste to take up   lines . fail . i  d love to give this crap a  . yes  i registered just to rate this garbage . i want to go back in time and cut my wrist . heres some copy and paste to take up   lines . fail . i  d love to give this crap a  . yes  i registered just to rate this garbage . i want to go back in time and cut my wrist . heres some copy and paste to take up   lines . fail . i  d love to give this crap a  . yes  i registered just to rate this garbage . i want to go back in time and cut my wrist . heres some copy and paste to take up   lines . fail . i  d love to give this crap a  . yes  i registered just to rate this garbage . i want to go back in time and cut my wrist . heres some copy and paste to take up   lines .  
when i first saw a glimpse of this movie  i quickly noticed the actress who was playing the role of lucille ball . rachel york  s portrayal of lucy is absolutely awful . lucille ball was an astounding comedian with incredible talent . to think about a legend like lucille ball being portrayed the way she was in the movie is horrendous . i cannot believe out of all the actresses in the world who could play a much better lucy  the producers decided to get rachel york . she might be a good actress in other roles but to play the role of lucille ball is tough . it is pretty hard to find someone who could resemble lucille ball  but they could at least find someone a bit similar in looks and talent . if you noticed york  s portrayal of lucy in episodes of i love lucy like the chocolate factory or vitavetavegamin  nothing is similar in any way  her expression  voice  or movement .  br    br   to top it all off  danny pino playing desi arnaz is horrible . pino does not qualify to play as ricky . he  s small and skinny  his accent is unreal  and once again  his acting is unbelievable . although fred and ethel were not similar either  they were not as bad as the characters of lucy and ricky .  br    br   overall  extremely horrible casting and the story is badly told . if people want to understand the real life situation of lucille ball  i suggest watching ae biography of lucy and desi  read the book from lucille ball herself  or pbs  american masters finding lucy . if you want to see a docudrama   before the laughter  would be a better choice . the casting of lucille ball and desi arnaz in  before the laughter  is much better compared to this . at least  a similar aspect is shown rather than nothing .  
now don  t get me wrong . if you need an insightful summary of everything that been wrong with the history of human civilization as well as a flawless path to brighter future for mankind  who better to turn to than a comedian and practitioner of pop culture  if you need a healthy dose of all the solid  sound reasons why religion has outlived it  s usefulness then turn to sagan or dawkins  not bill maher for god  s    sake  that  s a good point in and of itself . maher dismisses our religious past as a neurological disorder conveniently ignoring how his entire society  art and science is rooted in it .  br    br   in this film  he relies heavily on his keenly  honed skill set of irony and cynicism to make his point while attempting to appear erudite and wise . unfortunately  his intellect isn  t up to the task .  br    br   maher makes us laugh but is clearly not the brightest bulb in the box . as an example  he responds to an interviewee  s  and i use the term loosely as they were clearly all  ambushees   assertion that the existence of jesus is historical fact with a deadpan  no  it  s not  followed by a long stare meant to convey contempt at the subject  s naivety  a device nauseatingly overused in this film  . the problem is that the person was correct and maher dead wrong in his assertion that jesus is mentioned only in what he considers to be the historically  suspect gospels . i guess mr . maher has never read the contemporary historian josephus .  br    br   but the masses will flock to this pseudo  documentary as they do the fictional works of other intellectual giants like michael moore  and they will loudly bray and guffaw  they certainly did at my showing  .  br    br   it  s doubly telling  however  that the loudest and most mule  like braying occurred during the approximately    of the running time that the film devoted to it  s anti  christian tirade while the audience was wholly mute during the token    devoted to criticizing the self  described religion of peace . hmmm . either criticism of islam is off  limits to the hip and liberal target audience or they were just afraid to laugh . very telling  either way . .  
i saw it  i agree with him      but i didn  t care for his delivery . he just came off as an asshole in a poorly edited  contrived juvenile smear campaign . edit cuts galore  etc . . . the camera would be focused on him  and you  d see  or  edit cuts just over the course of a minute or two of dialog . add in the constant boom mikes in the camera shot  which is a film no  no .  br    br   this documentary hits a topic with so many angles  so many interesting stories  that the movie is just so easily done . picking on religious fanatics is like picking on the retarded kid . it is so easy it is just wrong . i mean how hard is it to make these people look like nut bags  to make them contradict themselves  you just let them recite more then a verse or two . i do like when he jumped back in forth between people of the same religion and showed them completely contradicting themselves .  br    br   i just think he could have done something a little more creative . the part with the neurologist talking about brain activity was never fleshed out . it could have been interesting to show brain scans of people during religious fits compared to drugs  or sex  or     he could have played more on the women all rejoicing over the passion play that looked more like a snuff scene in a new rob zombie movie . more could have gone into the history of john smith  the mormon founder who had quite the colorful past . delve into science v . s . religion . one is a very methodical  very strict process for increasing the confidence in theories . it builds on itself from a solid bottom up  a new layer on top of a more proved layer . an enormous burden of proof is required each step of the way . the other starts at the top and comes down with unchallengeable claims . it is so  because well i said so .  br    br   done right i  d say turn it into an hbo original series hit a different religion every week .  br    br   it was an eye opener about one thing . i must have been blind . good ole g . w . bush . . . no wonder he got elected . he had the religious majority . and well . . . now that is the blind leading the blind .  br    br   bill moyer . . well . . what can i expect from a guy who hands out at sutra in newport beach   
this film is really only bill maher  s interpretation of religion . there are several funny moments  and some interesting points  but don  t go into this expecting an even  handed discussion of religion . this is what i consider to be the worst kind of documentary  everything is arranged ahead of time and in editing to provide you with the opinion of the director  rather than letting you make your own decision .  br    br   editing  it  s very chopped up  inter  spliced with clips from pop culture and the media to reinforce the point . the interviewee barely has a chance to finish a sentence before he is interrupted by the editing . the only people given a fair chance to speak their mind are those who say what bill maher wants them to say . once someone deviates from the gospel according to maher  they get edited .  br    br   interviewees  they are meant to represent the absolute most extremist religions . from the tv evangelical to the ultimate jewish stereotype  to a truck stop chapel  seriously . a truck stop chapel  . he  s picked the worst money  grabbers  the heavy extremists  and those who don  t have the budget to say no to pick on . and when he does get a good person to interview  he edits the hell out of them .  br    br   stereotyping  all religions are portrayed as stereotypes . especially hard hit are the muslims . during the muslim segment  he barely gives anyone the chance to speak before interrupting them either himself  or through editing in pieces with suicide bombers . all muslims are portrayed as gun  toting extremists through the editing  and none of the people interviewed is edited fairly .  br    br   ending  the message at the end is incredibly heavy  handed  and while it is an interesting idea  it  s not presented with fairness to the countless people who are not religious extremists . bill maher explains himself while clips of destruction play in the foreground . this literally gives the message that religion is stupid and dangerous  and that it will destroy the world . he also states that everyone involved in religion is stupid .  br    br   with the faults to the film  it has some good points  and the humor  while very unfair  is actually funny . but know going in  it is a very one  sided view  bill maher  s view  of religion . he  s not discovering anything . he  s telling you what he thinks .  br    br        some good moments  but heavy  handed with an extremely irresponsible documentary style .  
some funny bits  but come bill  a film  quoting zeitgeist  keep the tv show and the interviews  but a film  i  m probably overreacting but what a unnecessary provoking film . . . i don  t know . i laughed  disagreed  agreed . . . this film is very confusing and inconsistent .  br    br   bill  s a funny guy . . . but also very cocky . . . bill  s rhetoric is similar to bill hicks  a brilliant comedian . but like many comedians  the borderline between comedy and preaching can be annoying . i think that the major problem in this film is his lack of sensibility . this might be just a personal taste  but comedy that constantly demeans somebody cannot be taken as truth . bill is obviously emotionally reactive to religious fundamentalism . i agree with bill that religious fanaticism is not sensible  but the response to it cannot be sensible . it will create unnecessary turmoil . we can do better than just react to fundamentalism . his conclusion is that  we don  t know  and he fervently tries to convince the spectator that nobody knows anything  to the point that the agnostic community has been concerned with his lack of serious research in comparative religion . his humility that he only knows that he doesn  t  is a contradiction as he tries to insist that all religious thought is non  sense .  br    br   i had great trouble seeing bits of zeitgeist  the movie in bill  s film . all the astrotheology  influenced non  sense that simplifies all religions as the same is simply disappointing . zeitgeist has provoked a lot of controversy and has messed up the validity of so much of the valuable religion studies scholarship . it is very sad how wrong facts have been tossed around with no reliable scholarly sources . astro  mystic sources that reduce everything to  the stars say it all  seem to be from the middle ages . this film is a confusing statement from a confused  agnostic  . agnosticism is far more complex and philosophically academic than defending every single issue as  we don  t know  .  br    br   this film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has been able to oversimplify and generalize major issues in human history .  br    br   watch the film  it has hilarious interviews and bits  but please do not behave like bill . you cannot expect anybody to have a mature conversation if you are making sardonic comments in every other line . his arguing techniques are demeaning and insulting  provoking emotional reactions rather than rational and logical argumentation . . there needs to be a more mature way of dealing with these issues .  
bill maher  s religulous is not an attack on organized religion . it  s an attack on christianity and islam . apart from ridiculing a bunch of rabbis inventing warped machines to get around sabbath regulations  he really doesn  t attack judaism and seems enraged when a rabbi actually challenges the existence of the state of israel . if bill maher followed his hypothesis to its logical conclusion  he would realize that the very creation of israel in the palestinian territories is based on the so called  holy books  of organized religion . this is evidence of his complete and utter lack of objectivity or focus in the creation of this film .  br    br   i find it really hard to believe that the man is atheist or even all that intelligent . anyone can go up to a religious person and laugh at them and call them stupid for their beliefs but what do you have to offer them in return  nowhere does he actually tell them why he thinks they  re stupid . what makes him the  rational  person in the room  in a way it reflects how he really isn  t and in the process ends up looking just as stupid as those people .  br    br   if you want to watch a good movie  documentary about the actual evils of religion and how religion can actually be detrimental to the human civilization  watch richard dawkins   root of all evil   . it is a brilliantly researched documentary  clearly outlining what it hopes to achieve and how .  br    br   bill maher  s religulous is not funny  poses no interesting questions nor does it provide any insight on so controversial a topic . it seems to be the rantings and ravings of an old man disgruntled with his catholic upbringing . i almost feel sorry for him .  
this was a disappointing film . the people seem to have no substance  the lead protagonist martin cahil has zero redemptive values  in fact everyone in it including jon voight epitomizes sleeze . i would not recommend this film to anyone . the violence is distasteful  though artfully done . the filming is to black  at least the print i saw fit this category . a disappointment .  
a craven  cowardly film . director boorman shows cahill burglarizing rich houses  but the male occupant is shown being unfaithful with the nanny  thats all right then . the forensic scientist investigating cahill is blown up in his car  but he is rat faced sourpuss  and doesn  t look like a nice man  so thats all right too . the beits  owner of russborrough house  made their money by exploiting  darkies  digging up diamonds  so it  s okay to rob priceless art from them and hide it in a bunker in the wicklow mountains . the garda kill his ferrets and are implicated in his murder . the moral equivalencing is sickening  boorman looks for a hit film  but doesn  t have the guts to stand against the criminality of the generals gang  who terrorized the neighbourhood  and unleashed another wave of scumbags upon dublin . he even liaised with the generals son while making it . disgusting . shame on him for his cowardice .  
like with any movie genre  there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies . if you asked me to name a good gangster movie  i  d have dozens to choose from . if you asked me to name a bad gangster movie  probably the first one to pop up in my mind is one that still has me in a sort of depression of disappointment about a week since i saw the film for the first and i promise you  the last time . that film is  the general   unrelated to the     silent film of the same name . this is a very dry  very slow gangster epic that raises questions not about the story  it  s more than easy to follow  but about why the filmmakers chose to make this rather flimsy endeavor .  br    br   like  goodfellas        and  american gangster        two superior mob movies  the general  is based on real people and true events . the film revolves around an irish criminal named martin cahill  brendan gleeson  who started his long chain of crimes stealing food as a teenager and then moving up to robbing museums and houses as an adult . meanwhile  the police led by an inspector named kenny  jon voight  try desperately and vigorously to prove just one of his crimes and convict  or kill  him .  br    br   perhaps because it  s a film in the same category as the marvelous  goodfellas        and the first two  godfather  films  i was expecting too much from  the general .  but that may be going too easy on it . this would have been a bad film had i not seen the aforementioned masterpieces before being swamped by boredom in this oater and its far  too  stretched running time of screaming bad scenes . let  s start knocking the film by just looking at the style in which it is presented . for some reason  director john boorman and cinematographer seamus deasy selected to film this movie in black  and  white while its style and presentation are clearly the elements that belong to a full  fledged color film . now i have nothing against b  w pictures  not even ones made in modern  day times .  schindler  s list        was more than ninety percent filmed in black  and  white and it  s a masterpiece .  the general   made just five years after  schindler  s list  is not . the cinematography is also far too blown out with high lighting keys that seem very distracting and give the movie a very video  game  like quality that i found simply annoying . the filmmakers were obviously going for a realist  s documentary  like style  like  schindler  s list  did  but they fail by making it seem too much like a documentary and at the same time  too much like a classic  style motion picture . performances in the film range from passable to poor . brendan gleeson and jon voight gave decent enthusiasm for their roles  but it seemed to me at times that even they were getting kind of run down by the awful screenplay from which they were quoting . the sound design is also very primitive  probably in an attempt to give it a   s crime  noir appeal  but that also fails because again  it  s made too much like a contemporary picture and seems vastly out of place .  br    br   but the worst thing that occurs is that there  s not onenot onecharacter in the film that i felt any emotions or opinions for . in fact  for every moment of every scene  the only thought going through my head was  okayso what   moments that in a better film might come across as shocking or appalling are just dull and time  consuming here . i did not sympathize or hate the brendan gleeson character because the way the cahill character is written is simply flat and dull . gleeson just plays the common criminal and does not strike out with the impact the real martin cahill obviously did . if a character is killed off  as they always are in gangster films   we feel nothing . no remorse  no relief  no surprise  nothing . we just say  so what   and that  s all i did during the entire running time of this very flimsy  very poorly  made crime film .  
just had to write that one liner  but it really is . i love the gangster genre and this is the weakest entry i  ve seen in recent years . i have praises for everyone involved in most aspects except the most important one  the script . it is a weak story about a petty criminal . no amount of fine acting or black and white film styling can make up for a total lack of substance . i love kevin spacey and i hear he  s gonna do another film about the general . my advice is don  t waste your time .  
john boorman  s     the general was hailed as a major comeback  though it  s hard to see why on the evidence of the film itself . one of three films made that year about famed northern irish criminal martin cahill  alongside ordinary decent criminal and vicious circles   it has an abundance of incident and style  the film was shot in colour but released in bw scope in some territories  but makes absolutely no impact and just goes on forever . with a main character who threatens witnesses  car bombs doctors  causes a hundred people to lose their jobs  tries to buy off the sexually abused daughter of one of his gang to keep out of jail and nails one of his own to a snooker table yet still remains a popular local legend an attractive enough personality for his wife to not only approve but actually suggest a mnage a trios with her sister  it needs a charismatic central performance to sell the character and the film . it doesn  t get it . instead  it  s lumbered with what may well be brendan gleeson  s worst and most disinterested performance he delivers his lines and stands in the right place but there  s nothing to suggest either a local hero or the inner workings of a complex character . on the plus side  this helps not to overglamorize a character who is nothing more than an egotistical thug  but it  s at odds with a script that seems to be expecting us to love him and his antics .  br    br   there  s a minor section that picks up interest when the ira whips up a local hate campaign against the  general  and his men  painting them as  anti  social  drug dealers purely because cahill won  t share his loot from a robbery with them  but its temporary resolution is so vaguely shot  something to do with cahill donning a balaclava and joining the protesters which we  re expected to find lovably cheeky  that it  s just thrown away . things are more successful in the last third as the pressure mounts and his army falls apart  but by then it  s too late to really care . adrian dunbar  maria doyle kennedy and the gorgeous angeline ball do good work in adoring supporting roles  but jon voight  s hammy garda beat cop seems to be there more for american sales than moral balance  overcompensating for gleeson  s comatose non  involvement in what feels like a total misfire . come back zardoz  all is forgiven .  
where to start . . . oh yea  message to the bad guys when you first find the person you have been tracking  in order to kill  that witnessed a crime you committed  don  t spend time talking to her so that she has yet another opportunity to get away . message to the victim when the thugs are talking amongst themselves and arguing  take that opportunity to  run away   don  t sit there and watch them until you make a noise they hear . message to the director if someone has a  or   minute head start in a vehicle or on foot  you can  t have the bad guys on their heels or bumper right away  time and motion doesn  t work that way . it would also be nice to think that a woman doesn  t have to brutally kill    men in order to empower herself to leave an abusive relationship at home .  
what is most striking about this semi  musical set in     s berlin is the marvelous cinematography and editing . it  s top of the line from first national in these departments . the story is mildly engaging and similar to the plots of miller  s other two films  sunny  sally  where working girl is romanced by rich boy with family disapproval  complications and final clinch . all the four musical numbers are bunched at the beginning of the film and we go for a long stretch without any further musical buoyancy . miller sings parts of i think of baby and reprises because of you . there are also don  t ever be blue and though you  re not the first one .  br    br   miller here is very engaging and delightful  quite reminiscent of irene dunne in manner and delivery . sad she does not dance as that is her forte . sally remains her finest film  with this trailing as second and the rather poor sunny a vastly inferior runner up . her life was tragically cut short by a sinus infection before the days when hospitals and antibiotics made such tragedies preventable . it  s worth visiting these films though to see ziegfeld  s top star of the twenties .  
written by a woman  and directed by another . whoppie . are we in for a feminist ride or what . fasten your seat  belts  ladies  for we are about to enter a world of mean men and innocent  well  intentioned women .  br    br   in this soaper trish comes across a guy in the employment agency who behaves  looks  and dresses like a pimp    and gives her a job with the hope of nailing her some time later . in his office he even touches her chin the way a megalomaniacal heavy in a bond movie would a touch a girl just after he  s captured her and just before he is ready to kill her alongside with bond . some time later the pimp  employment guy stalks trish in a ladies  dressing  room  harasses her  and even comes close to raping her . oh  these evil  evil men . they are all bad  don  t you know . you can  t even look for a job nowadays without getting raped  right ladies  well  we  ll show  em  in this film there is some kind of a divorced women  s club or something  headed by a janet leigh who speaks for all women involved in this film when she says that  men are all st  . she moans about how terrible men are she has been divorced five times . now  seriously any woman who marries twenty times and then uses that statistic as an argument that men are all  bad  must have realized eventually that the explanation might lie elsewhere  or  it must occur to her that a  she is a bad judge of male character  or  much more likely  b  she is the one impossible to live with  her ex  husbands were probably the victims  or if they were indeed aholes then she probably got what she deserved .  don  t the likes of zsa  zsa gabor and liz taylor prove this point  show me a likable woman who got married this often and i  ll show you a way to reach the planet mars using only roller  skates and a ladder .  trish eventually meets a computer guy who restores her faith in men  but hold your horses this guy turns out to be married  therefore proving without a doubt that men are indeed all  bad  . were it not  of course  for a kindly old vegetable seller around the corner who loves his wife even though she  s still dead  proving that all men are  bad  except for kindly old men whose penises don  t work and they  can  t get none  anyway so they are forced to abandon a life of aholocolism and finally give women the respect they deserve . even the supporting male characters are all  bad   the black guy in the employment agency is unfriendly  and the guy in the mortuary is out  right rude  and insensitive  the bastard  sob . . . sniffle  and what  s with this corny  corny ending  . . . minutes before court  time trish abandons the claim to any of her husband  s money  realizing that she is now  free  and that she can finally do that jump into the swimming pool . . .   what  s all that about   her jump into the pool is then  very predictably  frame  frozen as the credits start to role in  while life  inspiring i  don  t  need  revenge  nor  my  husband  s  money music starts kicking in . her girlfriends are shocked by her abandonment of money claims  but they don  t stay shocked for long and soon start kidding each other about what a heart  attack trish  s lawyer will get when he hears about this . the shyster lawyer is naturally a man . an evil  evil  terrible  bad  man  whose only interest in this world is money . . . ah  these men all they care about is money they know nothing of the higher values in life  like shopping . i am glad we have movies like this they bring the sexes closer together  but most importantly  they teach girls and young women that men are all horny  selfish  skirt  chasing bastards who will dump you into a world of poverty and misery the first chance they get . so  girls  open your mouths an stick your tongues into your girlfriend  s mouths . lesbian power   
i can  t believe i wasted my time with this movie . i couldn  t even call it a movie . it was so bad with nothing to recommend it .  br    br   i like low budget movies and weird flicks but this one had me bored to death . badly made and bad acting ruined it from being curious . you have to wonder what these people were thinking when they spent money to produce this movie . i wonder what i was thinking watching it to the end . i recommend this movie to no one . how did they release this  was there an audience who likes this kind of movie  there must be because you can find this at almost any video store . but why   br    br   deserves to be forgotten .  br    br   if you like bad movies then this is for you .  
townies is the laziest movie i have ever seen  and i saw the blair witch movies  parts one and two  . it seems confused in what it wants to be . it  s not funny enough for comedy  it  s not tragic enough for drama  it  s not bloody enough for horror  and it  s not good enough for watching . it has scenes of a man doing  slapstick  bloody  karate so i think  oh this movie will be in the vein of toxic avenger and street trash . then it leaps without warning into a drama about a missing girl  a retarded  mentally handicap  woman and a trusting mother . then it slaps itself into the only good part in the movie which seems to be set up like a sitcom without the laugh tracks . the part i  m speaking of is a lonely townie who is so lonely he finds comfort in a rotting corpse . that was the only part of the movie that gave me any feeling . the rest was a waist of my life . then  just to show how cruel wayne is there is a kind of documentary at the end of the film of wayne  the director  making fun of toby  the star  in public . it made me sick . even though killer nerd and bride of killer nerd  two other movies by wayne  aren  t the best  they at least are thought out enough were you can stay entertained until the ending credits . i even like killer nerd a bit  it had some great lines i still use to this day .  br    br   if you like underground films  if you like overground films  and if you like to watch your feet  just resting were they are  you will not like townies   br    br        out of    br    br    
the strange people living in a town go about their lives . there  s the licker a guy who licks everything  a dumpster diver that finds a body which he takes home to live with him  a crazy girl with a doll dressed like her  a guy who wants to cleanse girls of their wicked ways . . . offbeat in the extreme  this shot in black and white movie is better with out the color . the monochrome takes the edge off the two steps up from home movie feel . like a troma movie  this movie is fun in fits and starts but mostly its weird for weirds sake and soon becomes a crashing bore since one you see the set ups you can kind of guess where its going a lot of the time  not always  but enough for it not to be fun .  though i didn  t see the cleansing coming  . worth a shot if you  ve nothing else to watch and you  re waiting for the next set of golden girls to come from netflix .  
i  ve been working my way through a collection of lugosi films recently  and having just been blown away a couple of days ago by the combination of lugosi and boris karloff in  the black cat  i was really looking forward to seeing their collaboration in  the raven .  alas  it just didn  t work for me  and by the end of the film i was quite disappointed .  br    br   for the first three quarters of this movie or so i thought the story lacked any real suspense . lugosi was doing a pretty good job of holding things together as the somewhat mad dr . vollins  some sort of surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman  irene ware  he treats after a car accident but who can  t have her  partly because she  s already engaged  and partly because her father  samuel s . hinds  disapproves . to deal with that situation  he enlists the aid of edmond bateman  boris karloff   a horribly ugly man who wants vollins to make him look more acceptable . aside from lugosi  s performance  though  i found little to hold my interest . then  suddenly  in the last fifteen or twenty minutes  the movie shifts around completely . suddenly it becomes quite suspenseful  but i thought lugosi  s performance fell apart  largely because the movie tried to shift him from mad to insane  and there  s a difference . he plays the  mad  role very well  controlled and in control but evil .  insane  is a more out of control evil  and i didn  t think lugosi pulled that off well . at one point  he offers some maniacal laughter which just comes across as fake . in the meantime  karloff was a huge disappointment . he never grabbed me at all . as an aside  it must have grated on lugosi that  in movies in which they co  star  karloff gets the top billing  even though in  the raven  it  s clearly lugosi who is the lead actor . this surely gives a hint as to how universal ranked their two great horror stars  inexplicably  i would add  because i  ve always thought of lugosi as the better actor of the two .  br    br   in any event  there  s no real connection here to edgar allen poe  s story  the raven   except that vollins is a poe fanatic  who tries to recreate some of the torture techniques from poe  s stories . overall  a disappointment .     .  
i  m a don johnson fan  but this is undoubtedly the worst movie  done by anybody  that i  ve ever seen . the acting was bad  as was the cinematography . don should stick to doing action  because as the king  he just didn  t cut it .  
you may say to yourself   don johnson as elvis  can that work  is it possible  seems like an terrible choice to me  but perhaps i should have an open mind . maybe i  ll be surprised . maybe he can pull it off .   br    br   not   br    br   don johnson is not a bad actor . but he is an awful elvis . he  s too short  too weak  voiced  too sharply featured . . . well you  ve already imagined how bad he would be . add to that a hokey black wig and heavy  handed eye  liner and mascara and it  s a big fat embarrassing mess .  br    br   the best i can say is that since johnson  s acting is decent and since his impersonation is so far off  after a while you don  t even think of him as elvis anymore . you see him as some other crazed pop star instead . then  on that level  the movie becomes watchable .  br    br   stephanie zimbalist is also not ideally cast as the tall  beauty queen  linda thompson . but she is attractive in her own right and plays the part with the honesty  elegance and intelligence we  ve come to expect from all her roles . there may be too much intelligence in her performance . you have to be kind of a dope to stick with a dope abusing dope .  br    br   there  s nothing new to this story we  ve heard it many times before . if you  ve looking for new info or insight  you won  t find it . it  s told as a love story  an unrequited one linda for elvis and elvis for drugs .  
in      after his wife left to go her own way  elvis presley began dating linda thompson . miss thompson  a good  humored  long haired  lovely  statuesque beauty queen  is charted to fill a void in elvis  life . when elvis  divorce became final  linda was already in place as the legendary performer  s live  in girlfriend and travel companion until     .  br    br   this is a gaudy look at their love affair and companionship . linda whole  heartedly tending to her lover  s needs and desires . and even putting up with his swallowing medications by the handful and introducing her to her own love affair with valium . at times this movie is harsh and dark of heart a very unattractive look at the  king  and his queen .  br    br   don johnson is absolutely awful as elvis . over acting to the hilt is not attractive . stephanie zimbalist lacks the classiness of linda  but does the job pretty well . supporting cast includes john crawford  ruta lee  and rick lenz . watching this twice is more than enough for me  but don  t let this review stop you from checking it out . for most elvis fans that i have conferred with  this is not a favored presentation .  
previous commentator steve richmond stated that a walk on the moon is  in his words  not worth your    . i ended up paying a bit more than that to import what is one of the worst  quality dvds i have yet seen  of this film or any film in existence . even when you ignore the fact that the dvd is clearly sourced from an interlaced master and just plain nasty to watch in motion  the film has no redeeming qualities  save anna  s presence  to make watching a top quality blu  ray transfer worthwhile . not that this is any fault of the other actors . liev schreiber  diane lane  tovah feldshuh  and viggo mortensen all score high on the relative to anna paquin acting ability chart . far more so than holly hunter or sam neill did in spite of an equally lousy script  anyway . director tony goldwyn  s resume is nothing to crow about  but pamela gray  s resume includes wes craven  s most dramatic excursions outside of the horror or slasher genre  so one could be forgiven for thinking this is a case of bad direction .  br    br   as i have indicated already  the sole reason i watched this film is anna paquin . in her acting debut  she literally acted veterans of the industry with a minimum of twelve years  experience above hers under the table . while she is not as far ahead of her castmates here  her performance as a girl that starts the piece as a brat and grows into a woman whose world is crashing down around her proves her oscar was no fluke . for some time i have been stating to friends that she would be the best choice to portray the heroine of my second complete novel  and a dialogue seventy  three minutes into this film is yet another demonstration of why . this woman could literally act the paint off walls . anna aside  only liev schreiber comes close to eliciting any sympathy from an audience . sure  his character spends the vast majority of the film neglecting a wife with an existential crisis  but he plays the angered reaction of a man who feels cheated brilliantly . i should know  even if it is not from the same circumstances here .  br    br   viggo mortensen also deserves credit for his portrayal of a travelling salesman  although perhaps not to the same extent . in a manner of speaking  he is the villain of the piece  but he successfully gives the character a third dimension . yes  his actions even after the whole thing explodes are underhanded  but not many men would act any differently in his situation . nobody wants to be the other man in this kind of messed  up situation  so viggo deserves a lot of credit for giving it a try here . unfortunately  these are all participants in a story about a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage where tovah feldshuh tells us that the mills and boon archetype of women being the only ones who feel life is passing by simply does not exist . either writer pamela gray or director tony goldwyn thought they could just put this line into the film without thinking of how the audience might receive it . anna even gets to speak the mind of the audience when she asks diane who she is to be lecturing anyone about responsibility .  br    br   that said  the film does have a couple of things besides anna going for it . mason daring  s original music  while not standing out in any way  gives the film a certain feeling of being keyed into the time depicted that helps where the other elements do not . roger ebert is right when he points out that while liev is a great actor  putting him alongside viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her fantasy is a big mistake . he is also very correct in that when the film lingers over scenes of lane and mortensen skinny  dipping or mounting one another under a waterfall  it loses focus from being a story of a transgression and becomes soft porn . the film seems terminally confused about the position of its story . no matter how many times i rewatch liev  s scenes  i cannot help but feel he has been shortchanged in the direction or editing . one does not have to make their leads particularly handsome or beautiful  but taking steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the piece would have gone a long way .  br    br   ebert also hits the nail right on the head when he says that every time he saw anna on the screen  he thought her character was where the real story lay . stories about the wife feeling neglected and running into the arms of a man who seems interesting or even dangerous are a dime a dozen  to such an extent now that even setting the story in parallel with an event as earth  shattering as the moon landing will not help . in spite of feeling revulsion at the manner in which her character  s story is presented  anna might as well be walking around with a neon sign above her head asking the audience if they would not prefer to see the whole thing through her eyes . while i am all too aware that it is difficult to control exactly which character your audience will find the most interesting from your cast  it is very much as if they did not bother to try with lane and schreiber . fans of these two would be well advised to look elsewhere . hopefully by now my ramblings about the respective performances will give some idea of where the whole thing went wrong .  br    br   i gave a walk on the moon a three out of ten . anna paquin earns it a bonus point with one of her best performances  and that is saying something  .  
the only redeeming qualities this movie has are the fairly original death scenes . other than that this movie is a big dud . we have kim basinger  the beleaguered housewife slowly meandering thru the local mall for the first   min . of the movie  which added nothing . then the movie picks up a bit as she has a confrontation with  punks who took up  parking spaces on this busy xmas eve . they begin to chase her after offing the local security guard who tried to help her . from there this movie gets worse  way worse . i know its only a movie and you  ve gotta go with the flow but she  s got about a  min . headstart and she can  t hide or find someone to help her . instead she drives to a half built subdivision beside a forest . in typical fashion she does everything she can to allow her followers to easily track her . but now she turns into one tough mofu . you get the point . do not under any circumstances buy or rent this movie no matter how much you like this type . it  s so illogical you  ll be questioning every scene . it is embarrassing for basinger and craig sheffer and the rest of the cast  as well as the consumers .  
in what could have been an otherwise run of the mill  mediocre film about infidelity in the sixties  the subtle  free  love  period   the creators of this film pile on ridiculous scenario after ridiculous scenario and top it all off with a trite little cherry on top  happily ever after ending . at no time did i ever feel sympathy for diane lane or anna paquin in their troublesome middle  class care free life  nor did i feel for the emasculated liev shrieber . the story line plods along slowly to its predictable  pathetic conclusion and the only thing interesting and watchable about this film is the stunning diane lane topless . here  s a hint  it occurs about   minutes into the film . fast forward to that part and skip the rest .  
tony goldwyn is a good actor who evidently is trying his hand at directing .  a walk on the moon  appears to have borrowed from other  better made films . the present story takes place in the late sixties at a summer resort for working class jews not far from woodstock . the screen treatment by pamela gray doesn  t have much going for it  so it  s a puzzle why mr . goldwyn decided to tackle this film as his first attempt at direction .  br    br   the kantrowitz family is spending some time at the resort . we see them arrive at the small bungalow that is going to be their temporary home . marty  the father  comes only for the week  end he works in what appears to be a family small appliance business repairing television sets  mostly . in a few days the first man will walk in space  so the excitement is evident .  br    br   the kantrowitz women are left behind . pearl  marty  s wife and her mother  in  law  lilian  spend idle days in the place until the  blouse salesman  arrives . pearl goes browsing and she finds much more than a shmatte she gets the salesman as well . it appears that pearl and marty have no sexual life at all . after two children  pearl  who appears to be sexy and with a high libido is ready for some extra marital fun .  br    br   that is the basic premise for the film  which becomes a soap opera when the young daughter  alison  decides to play hooky and go to the woodstock festival nearby where  horror of horrors  she witnesses her own mom making out with the blouse salesman  what  s a girl to do  well  stay tuned for the grand finale when all the parties are happily reunited by the little son  s bedside when he is stung by wasps and the salesman comes to apply some home remedy  and daddy is called from the city  after knowing about pearl  s betrayal with the younger stud .  br    br   poor diane lane  she went to make  unfaithful  later on  which is the upscale version of this dud . viggo mortensen is the salesman who caters to his lonely female customers whispering little somethings in their ears  liev schreiber as marty  the cuckolded husband  doesn  t have much to do . anna paquin plays the rebellious alison and tovah feldshuh is the unhappy nana  who would like to have stayed in the city watching her soap operas instead of witnessing first hand one that is playing in her own backyard   br    br   watch it at your risk  or pop the dvd in the telly when you have a fun crowd at home and you really want to have a laugh  or two dishing the film .  
seeing as the world snooker championship final finished in a premature and disappointing manner with ronnie osullivan defeating greame dott by   frames to  bbc  found a gap in their schedule and so decided to broadcast a walk on the moon a movie i had absolutely no knowledge off  br    br   i missed a few seconds of the title credits so had no idea viggo mortensen starred in it and thought possibly it might be a cheap tvm  certainly the opening with the mawkish pearl and marty taking their kids to a summer camp has that sort of made for tv feel though the brightly lit  too brightly lit  cinematography seemed to suggest this was a cinematic film and it wasnt until the appearence of viggo mortensen as hippy guy walker that i realised this was a cinema release  after all someone of mortensens stature wouldnt star in a tvm  i mean thats like a legend like robert deniro appearing in a straight to video film . wait a minute  didnt bob . . . .   br    br   some people on this site have mentioned that pearl and marty are an unconvincing on  screen couple and i agree . i can understand why pearl would be attracted to exciting hippy guy but have no idea why walker would be attracted to plain house wife pearl . the sixties was before my time but surely if youve got the choice between hippy chicks and bored house wives its not really a choice at all . mind you a lot of people took lsd in those days so i guess that explains it  br    br   i feel the major problem of a walk on the moon comes down to the fact its a romantic drama at heart  just like youd expect in a tvm  with several cloying coming of age scenes so why include a fairly explicit sex scene  it jars with the rest of the movie and is possibly off putting to the menopuasal women who were   something in     . i say possibly because the movie also seems to aim at a teeenage market with the coming of age scenes and those teenagers will probably be bored with the historical and social context of man walking on the moon and woodstock . in other words a walk on the moon tries to attract many types of audience but will probably appeal to none of them  
recently  i had opportunity to view a working print in kansas city  olathe  ks .  of this title . it is difficult for me  being a lover of the art as i am  to report the following  but  the truth sometimes hurts  and quite frankly after sitting through this tripe  i  m using the slang definition here  worthless statements or writing  for an hour and a half  i feel obligated to share  warn  any interested parties . let  s begin at the beginning  a good place to start as always . the first   minutes are not really that bad  a couple of laughs  and decent development  but then it is downhill from there . this is the story of a woman  in her mid thirties  that  as the writer would like for you to believe  is dissatisfied with her life and unfulfilled . the first major difficulty occurs when if you don  t know that fact going into the movie  you won  t know it when she suddenly risks it all for  in my opinion  a very unkempt and unlikely fling with a local salesman . there is little development  drastically insufficient development  to justify her actions for the affair she has  and when it occurs  one feels  as i did  that she is just of low moral character . the word  slut  comes to mind  hopefully  they  ll let that pass the review and post the comment . this  in my opinion  is the first fatal flaw of the film . if you  re married or have ever been in love  irregardless of whether you are male or female  its going to turn you off . quite frankly  i feel that it would have made a much better  blue movie   that  s the level in my opinion of which the screenplay is deserving . the second fatal flaw is the casting  diane lane just didn  t work for me here  and viggo mortensen is not the right man for the job  believe me . the only saving grace to the entire film is anna paquin  the depth of her ability as a fine actress shines in places  conveying a subtle yet very blunt  i apologize for the dichotomy but it is accurate  portrayal of an emerging teen . bravo  well done . i  m not going to give the ending away  but i was disappointed  being billed as a slice of life romance is one thing . . . but an ending like that . . . . well  if that teased you enough to see this picture  don  t say i didn  t warn you  but you better look fast  if this celluloid is released  i doubt it goes four weeks before bursting into flames . i  d say wait for the video  but the free sex education tapes at most video rental outlets have more entertainment value . hmmm  dustin hoffman produced this  you think he  d learn after ishtar . this film once carried the working title  blouse man  and should have been left on the rack . if you  ve never in your life wanted to walk out on a film  give this one      minutes  the only thing worth staying for is anna paquin  if you can stomach the fact that you  ll find your mind drifting to whether or not you took out the garbage before you left home  which is probably where you should have stayed in the first place if you  re off to the movies to see this one . that  s my two cents  for what it is worth .  
any movie that portrays the hard  working responsible husband as the person who has to change because of bored  cheating wife is an obvious result of  years of the clinton era .  br    br   it  s little wonder that this movie was written by a woman .  
why do people who do not know what a particular time in the past was like feel the need to try to define that time for others  replace woodstock with the civil war and the apollo moon  landing with the titanic sinking and you  ve got as realistic a flick as this formulaic soap opera populated entirely by low  life trash . is this what kids who were too young to be allowed to go to woodstock and who failed grade school composition do   i  ll show those old meanies  i  ll put out my own movie and prove that you don  t have to know nuttin about your topic to still make money   yeah  we already know that . the one thing watching this film did for me was to give me a little insight into underclass thinking . the next time i see a slut in a bar who looks like diane lane  i  m running the other way . it  s child abuse to let parents that worthless raise kids . it  s audience abuse to simply stick woodstock and the moonlanding into a flick as if that ipso facto means the film portrays     .  
here again is yet another diane lane movie where she cheats on her husband . is this the only role she knows how to play  this time it  s set in     and she cheats on her husband with the blouse man . i am so not surprised because that is so very predictable . then her husband gets mad and throws the milk . i wouldn  t be surprised if she slept with the milkman as well . i wouldn  t be surprised if she slept with the ice cream man too because this is a very boring movie . then after some milk throwing  she says sorry and sees the blouse man again . duh . then while she is making it with him  her son gets stung by wasps . my mom always told me not to throw rocks at a wasps nest . this kids mom didn  t have time to tell him that  she was too busy with the blouse man .  
sorry fulci fans  but i could not get through this one . the soundtrack was about as annoying as they come  the acting was puerile  the story has been done and done  and the direction was non  existent .  br    br   massacre honestly looked like a children  s film project . but i  ve seen some of those  and they actually look better than this did  it appears to have been so underfunded they couldn  t afford . . . anything  not a dop  not a director  no one who even remotely had a clue what acting was . it was a very poor cinematic experience one of my worst .  br    br   this was about the worst suck  fest i  ve seen  next to terror toons which is second only to killer klowns from outer space . i  ve nothing else to say about it .  br    br   it rates a  .     from . . .  br    br   the fiend  .  
in case half of this film  s footage looks strangely familiar  it means you watch way too much of this gory italian cult  crap  for you see  the notorious demigod lucio fulci did not only produce this movie  he also took the liberty of re  using the most sadistic killing sequences in his own  and more easily traceable   cat in the brain  . the opening scene already  in which a prostitute is brutally decapitated with an axe  features in fulci  s later film and so do another handful of killings and sleaze moments . andrea bianchi  s  masssacre  fails miserably as a giallo  since the search for the sadistic killer among a movie  crew shooting a horror movie is all but compelling and suspenseful  but it  s still good entertainment if you  re into cheap  n shlocky horror trash . the incoherent script introduces a whole bunch of repugnant characters who  re all potential maniacs  but none of the red herrings biachi comes up with are plausible and you can point out the killer almost immediately . whatever remains to enjoy are the truly misogynous make  up effects and the hilariously awful acting performances of the ensemble cast . whenever there isn  t any bloodshed on screen  like between the first and second murder   massacre  is a slow and almost intolerable with its inane dialogs and thoroughly unexciting photography . thankfully in the second half  there are women getting impaled on fences and males being stabbed repeatedly with rusty spikes . the music is crap and the use of filming locations is very unimaginative . my advise would be to skip this puppy and go straight for the aforementioned  cat in the brain  . that one features all the great moments of  massacre   and then some .  
prior to this film  i had only seen two films by director andrea bianchi the trashy zombie flick le notti del terrore        famous amongst horror fans for its unforgettable performance from man  child peter bark  and the enjoyably sleazy giallo strip nude for your killer . neither film was a particularly spectacular piece of cinema  but both were entertaining in their own special way  and the fact that they featured plenty of gore and nudity didn  t hurt  . massacre  however  is dull  dull  dull  despite quite a bit of splatter and the odd spot of gratuitous bare flesh .  br    br   the story  about a series of murders in a hotel where the cast and crew of a horror film are residing during their shoot  is confusing and oh  so boring when the blood isn  t flowing and the skin isn  t on show  the film is a real struggle to sit through  it took me four attempts to finish   with endless scenes of unlikeable characters bickering among themselves and doing very little of note .  br    br   the only point of interest about the film is that its producer  lucio fulci  used several of its death scenes to pad out his mega  gory movie cat in the brain  aka nightmare concert  . and if you  ve already seen that film  then there is very little reason to bother with massacre .  
overall this movie is dreadful  and should have never been made . one of the problems with this movie is that there is no link to the audience and the characters  for example  if she is about to be attacked  you want to feel   oh my god  no    but you don  t in this case  you don  t care because there is no link that has been made to know the character . in the trailer  it seemed as though the movie would be great  yet there is no suspense what so ever really . there could have been maybe some mystery but there is not .  all she has is a toolbox .  was said on the dvd  s back  you would think that it was carefully planned this movie  and cleverly made  but it is not  the ending  was just awful  very straight forward  and pointless too . the acting is either average or below average  maybe even lower . in my opinion it was a waste of an hour of my life . the  special effects  and sets were average too  nothing special what so ever . there is not much gore  or bloody violence  not much blood is shown . this movie was advertised to make it sound quite amazing  yet really  its not even worth looking for  i do not recommend this to anyone  unless they are easily satisfied  by a few fights and a boring story .  
massacre is a film directed by andrea bianchi  burial ground  and produced by legendary italian horror director lucio fulci . now with this mix of great talent you would think this movie would have been a true gore fest . this could not be further from that . massacre falls right on its face as being one of the most boring slasher films i have seen come out of italian cinema . i was actually struggling to stay awake during the film and i have never had that problem with italian horror films .  br    br   massacre starts out with a hooker being slaughtered on the side of the road with an ax . this scene was used in fulci  s nightmare concert . this isn  t a bad scene and it raises your expectations of the movie as being an ax wielding slaughter . unfortuanitly  the next hour of the movie is so boring . the movie goes on to a set of a horror film being filmed and there is a lot of character development during all these scenes but the characters in the movie are so dull and badly acted your interest starts to leak away . the last   minutes of the movie aren  t so bad but still could have been much better . the gore in the movie was pathetic and since fulci used most of the gore scenes in nightmare concert there was nothing new here . the end of the movie did leave a nice twist but there was still to much unanswered and the continuity falls right through the floor .  br    br   this wasn  t a very good film but for a true italian horror freak  like myself  this movie is a must have since it is very rare .     stars  
kevin spacey is very talented  but unfortunately directing is not his forte . i had high expectations about the film before i rented it and maybe that is why i disliked it so much . i admire spacey  s attempt at making a film that takes place mostly in one small setting  but it  s not the attempt that counts . i found the film dull  boring  and stretched out . the acting was nothing spectacular . gary sinise has done much better  especially since he is conscious in most of his other films . skeet ulrich was disappointing  but this was one of his first films  i did get a kick out of how young and chubby this scream star looked  . the only thing that impressed me about this film was the one shot of the car wreck from above . the center line of the road was perfectly centered and the camera moved on along the line and past the wreck . however  that shot was very  usual suspects  ish and my guess is spacey got the idea from that earlier film of his  which is very good mind you  . if you want to see a fabulous film that takes place in one small setting  watch hitchcock  s lifeboat . maybe spacey should have watched it before filming this .  
a trio of low  life criminals  led by matt dillon  botches a late  night burglary . they flee but quickly cross paths with the police who just happen to be in hot pursuit of a terrorist . of course the police mistake the burglar gang for the terrorist  the real terrorist gets away  and the burglars are forced to take refuge in a small dive of a bar  taking hostages  unaware why the police are so intent on catching them . and guess who else has picked the bar as a sanctuary for the night   br    br   unbelievable  absolutely . and it goes down hill from there . spacey did acquire a good bit of acting talent matt dillon  faye dunaway  gary sinise  viggo mortensen  and m . emmett walsh  but they  re all wasted . mostly because after all the characters get stuck in the bar  all they do for the remainder of the film is argue . endlessly and aimlessly . long before the conclusion of the film you  ve stopped giving a damn about what happens to them .  
by dane youssef  br    br   a gang of crooks . the perfect plan . it all goes wrong . they  re in trouble . the police are outside . they  re cornered . what are they gonna do now   br    br   sound familiar   br    br   the movie seems like it  s trying to be a combination of the acting workshop  the  indie  film and the theater .  br    br   it  s the kind of things that actors love   it  s kind of like a workshop or a play because it mostly consists of tight focusing on the actors acting . . . acting angry  tense  scared  conversing  scheming  planning   giving the performers a lot of free range to really ham it all up .  br    br   a trio of crooks  one leader  one goon  one brother  come up with a big heist scheme . . . and a monkey wrench is thrown into the works . to top things off  there  s a bit of a  fender  bender  and one of the crooks in flung through the back of the windshield .  br    br   the cops are on their tail and they stumble into a bar named poetically  and leadenly   dino  s last chance .   br    br   spacey  as a director  tries to keep the focus on the actors  performances and delivery of dialouge . he pans over to a bright passion  red cigarette ad of a smoking and smoldering bogart . and he keeps all the violence off  screen  really .  br    br   i think that was a mistake . focusing on the intensity and gruesome violent scenes would have given the movie some edge .  br    br   the problem with the movie is that it moves too slow and suffers from miscasting in almost every role . matt dillon   drugstore cowboy  and  wild things   seems too young and too idealistic to be the leader of this gang .  br    br   gary sinese seems to brooding and deep in thought to be a spineless tag  along with these guys and joe mantaga is effective as the traditional routine foul  swearing mad  dog police lieutenant who  s all thumbs  but he isn  t given anything to really do here .  br    br   william fischter is the only actor who is believable in his role as a brainless grunt who just wants to spill blood .  br    br   and the crooks are in a tense situation where they either go to jail or they try to think of some way out of this .  br    br   spacey lacks the ability to create a lot of tension and keep it going . the characters are mostly chatting away  trying to think of a plan . . . and they  re to calm and too articulate . there  s even a scene where the crooks are playing pool with a whole swarm of armed cops right outside  ready to strike . at one point  one of the crooks even call the police who are right outside the bar . oh brother . oh bother .  br    br   these cops are going to either blow them away or going to lock them up . shouldn  t the holed  up crooks be a little scared  a little uneasy  meanwhile  all the real action is happening inside .  br    br   someone whips out a gun  a baseball bat  which leads to an ugly confrontation off  screen and there  s one more casualty that happens that  s . . . well  kinda sad . but . . .  br    br   faye dunaway also should have spent more time with a dialect coach  improving on her new orleans accent . skeet ullrich is fine in a smaller part .  br    br   a cop listening in reaches for a pack of matches at the absolute worst time is a nice look . and so is a scene where someone goes right through the rear windshield .  br    br   the dialouge is obviously trying to go for a david mamet approach and it  s as profane  but never as realistic or as insightful .  br    br   the movie feels like too much of what it really is . . . a really low  budget movie with an actor behind the camera for the first time directing other actors from a script that  s  not bad  but needs a few more re  writes .  spacey shows he  s not a terrible director  but he lacks a sort of feel for  shaping a movie  and it feels like he  s just filming actors act .  br    br   these actors are all talented and could work with the material  but they all feel out of place . as i said before  the movie really suffers from miscasting .  br    br   i don  t mean that the wrong actors were cast . i think they found just the right cast  but placed them in all the wrong roles . i think switching some of the roles would  ve helped immensely .  br    br   having veteran mob actor joe mantagna play the leader of the pack  gary sinese as the angry police lieutenant outside on his bullhorn giving orders and barking at his troops  keeping fischter in his  bloodthirsty goon  part and matt dillion as the sacrificial lamb . that would have been a big improvement .  br    br   when some actors direct  it works . they can even win oscars for it . but a lot of the time  when actors direct  they have a tendency to just focus on the performances . just shoot the actors acting .  br    br   sometimes it works . . . but they need a good showcase for it . an excuse for it .  br    br   hostage situations are all pretty much the same in real life just like coming  of  age stories so it  s only natural that movies about them will go from point a to point b as well .  br    br   there are a few really great entries into this genre .  spacey himself appeared in a similar movie about hostage situations  the negotiator .   br    br   this certainly won  t become a cult classic  let alone one of afi  s    . still  it does have a few nice moments and personal touches  but in the end  it  s instantly forgettable and the kind of movie that would play best on regular tv . it  s just not worth going out of your way to see .  br    br   i give a  out of   .  br    br   spacey  s other directorial credit   beyond the sea  was reportedly a better effort . hmmm . . . maybe it  s true . you need to fail before you succeed .  br    br   by dane youssef  
on the face of it  this should be a great film  a great cast  a plot with many possibilities and one of hollywood  s finest behind the camera for the first time .  br    br   however  its clear why it was another  years before spacey decided to try directing a movie again . this movie fails on so many levels . in a film where there is not much action and most of the scenes are shot in a couple of locations  it is imperative that suspense and continuity are provided by the director . not so here  the great cast is horribly under  used  none more so than the great  late john spencer  the plot is so run of the mill and nothing you haven  t seen in a hundred other tv movies . there is so little character development you end up not caring for any of the protagonists . at least we know spacey has a lot of mates and clout in hollywood studios to get away with a poor flick like this  
although it has been  years  i still remember the complete waste that comprises the entire plot of the movie . unfortunately  i came across this movie after my friends and i selected it while browsing through the new releases at blockbuster . we decided to pick the movie because it was the only one we all had not seen and it sounded like it may be enjoyable . although it has been quite some time since i viewed the movie  i still remember the lack of plot  seriously  there is no true plot   and complete waste of time that was spent watching the movie . if you are in the video store and this film catches your eye  walk on and find a better movie . if you did end up seeing this movie  i understand your pain    
i saw this movie on t . v . this afternoon and i can  t see how anyone can sit through this piece of trash . it  s not funny at all and it takes your i . q . down a few notches . i know this movie is for kids  but that doesn  t mean the writers should take their intelligence for granted . i bet that writers were sitting around a large wooden table and figured that a  the word  poop  equals big laugh . b  a four foot tall kid can dunk on a ten foot tall basketball net . c  kids should always fight kidnappers armed with guns because the kidnappers will fall for anything and d   months of karate training is all you need to beat up so  called  ninjas  with swords . one good thing i can say about this movie is it contains the weakest suburban  gang  in the world that couldn  t scare anybody . maybe the guys at mst  k could use this movie for a good laugh . don  t bother with this lame  ass excuse for a movie .  
oh my god  this movie insults the intelligence of everybody . i mean really  who thinks three kids can fight   to   ninjas and win . not to mention the brainless humor thrown in . this film is baaaaaaaaaaaaaad . the movie is an omen  the only thing it  s good for is a time killer or unintentional laughs .  
serious home alone  karate kid knock off with enough bad character stereotypes to have the writer sued and then shot . you could see blatant stunt man usage in almost every scene . oh  and the acting sucks too . although i must say that the line  sorry  dude  i have to take a major dump big time  made me laugh my ass off .  
i remember when this came out a lot of kids were nuts about it . i guess i was a bit too old to get all excited and i was a fan of real martial arts films and always found this a bit cheesy .  br    br   in the early    s we were swamped with programs such as this making kids feel like they could fight and be a power ranger or an equal to these kids on  ninjas . i think eventually parents and film makers alike got sick of it because all we had in reality was abunch of kids going around punching and hitting everyone .  br    br   many kids movies have some big point they  re trying to make and its nice for your kids to watch and get the message  this one doesn  t have any message at all . . . it just exploits a million difference things in less than   minutes .  br    br   the movie has no great visual qualities but would one expect it to  the acting is pretty bad . victor wong is a cool actor but it was embarrassing to see him here . . the short  fat  gimped eyed old fart as a powerful ninja that was just hilarious . the kids over acted way too much and the youngest ninja tum tum was maybe the worst kid actor i have ever seen .  br    br   the movie has a plot that anyone knows before they even read the review .  ninjas . . . yea you know they  re gonna fight a bunch of bad guys and win obviously . . . need i say more . sorry if i spoiled it for anyone .  br    br   with all that said kids will love it . this movie is aimed at kids and only children could enjoy it . if you don  t mind your kid seeing movies about kids fighting this is a good movie to let them see . if you don  t mind allowing your children to see complete garbage that has nothing to do with real martial arts  real acting or reality period then you have found a movie for your kids . . . i say kids because i think even the girls will like it . . . i recall all the girls having a crush on rocky .  br    br    out of   stars because i think you can make a movie for kids and still make it enjoyable for adults . . this movie failed big time at that . . it is beyond cheesy and nothing original or unique and i would not allow a child of mine to watch it . . . kung fu the tv series is on dvd and there  s tons of great shaw brothers films out there . . . why not show your children things that will really entertain them and not make them dumb along the way  perhaps even teach them some moves and not just how to kick a man between the legs as grandpa did on  ninjas . . . no no no . . . never kick a man between the legs . . . never . . thats so unninja like .  
i can  t believe the likes of guillermo del toro and kim bassinger got involved ins this piece of garbage  the script is so poorly written and the directing so weak  both by the same person  that its hard to find more one  dimension characters in a film . the dialogs are so lame that this so called thriller got laughs out of the few fools that got into the theatre . the setup it  s tricky  inviting you to believe you are going to watch a chilling thriller and suddenly it turns out into the most stupid persecution film . bassinger  s character is so dumb  that she actually stops to scream to god  where are you   so the people after her can follow  and then takes a leak     and then she apparently got into the smallest wood in the world  i mean  she runs all over the place and the killers never loose track of her  and this happens in the middle of the night . it really makes me wonder  is that really the best writing people in hollywood can find that they spend millions producing it .  
mimicking its long title the movie finds ways to come close to the    mark . the beautiful sets are here with all that made the hamer production values a trademark  yet paris drowned in the fog is a sign of indolent neglect . the story is obvious and can be summed up in a dozen words so there comes nothing unexpected and nothing worth more than   of your attention to be expected .  br    br   the directing is heavy as a direct transfer from the stage play  actors are mostly stiff as wax figures  ok this is a hamer feature  only it  s sometimes better featured in the whole package  . my conclusion this movie is trash  not worth the time i spend that evening . eternal life is a boring matter and i should have hoped the guys in charge of programming at the cinemathque would have known better .  
 . . . because   out of    times  the producers lied through their teeth  or someone else  s  to get you to rent or buy their mercifully censored .  br    br   shock  o  rama cinema proves the truth of this yet one more time with the release of  feeding the masses   a possibly well  intentioned but utterly inept and dismal entry into the zombie genre . folks  this is not only low  budget film  making  this is very low  budget film  making by a bunch of people who   i  m sorry  i know they have families who love them   will never  ever be in variety in any significant fashion . this is one baaaaaaaaaad mooin  pitcher  folks  and not just because it  s cheap .  br    br   the acting is mediocre  but i don  t blame the actors they had no direction . they had no direction because the script was a half  baked zombie fantasy with no sense of real cinematic storytelling . characterization is thin at best  no thanks to weak dialogue and soporific direction . have i mentioned yet that the script and the direction are pretty lame  they are . there  s no drama  no tension  no great character moments  nothing . the whole premise of government suppression of the media is squandered on sophomoric  commercial breaks  and an undramatic storyline that defies rational analysis and awkwardly shambles to its ridiculous finish . syd fields would not be pleased .  br    br   how could the government suppress the truth of a virulent zombie epidemic when the reality of it would be apparent everywhere  why would they give it more than a cursory try  in this day and age of cellphone cameras with wireless access  what could they possibly hope to accomplish for more than a day or so at best  now  if they were covering something up  like their own culpability . . . . but  feeding the masses  never explores such possibilities . instead  it dwells on absurdity and poorly staged events to dig for laughs and  or significance  praying its audience won  t notice the near total lack of production value beyond basic film  making equipment . did anyone in this film get paid  i hope the actors did  if only for their time wasted on career blind alleys like this one at least the techies got to rack up some legitimate work experience .  br    br   even zombie fans will find little to gain from  feeding the masses .  the gore is remarkably tame for no  budgeters of its rank  and there are no distinctive set pieces or memorable effects . they  re all eminently forgettable  in fact . knb has nothing to fear .  br    br   even junk like the aussie stillbirth  undead  was miles ahead of  feeding the masses .  sorry  guys  back to the drawing boards  and take your deceptive marketing with you .  
please  for the love of god  don  t watch it . now saying that  i know what you  re thinking  it can  t be that bad can it  if everyone says it as bad as they say  i have to watch it  don  t do it  it  ll be like looking at a horrible accident involving little babies and a gasoline tanker  you  ll be scarred for life . . . the image will never leave you  i could only watch a half hour of this before becoming violently sick . the acting is the worst i  ve ever seen  and i  ve seen barbwire    if you do risk ripping your eyes out and rent this movie . . . don  t say i haven  t warned you  the cover and storyline are a trap   zombies  satire  shaun of the dead was great  this movie must be the same . . . . right  no   the writing  crap directing  garbage acting  there was no acting . still not convinced  then forever your soul will be tormented     
first  a little summary . this reporter named torch is basically trying to get out the story of a zombie outbreak and finds the military  government censoring him . nice message  government censorship and all that  but the way they did the movie was  well let me explain .  br    br   this movie is beyond description . the idea that somebody holds it in higher regard than anything by george romero is justification enough for the reviewer to be committed to a mental institution . the script is atrocious on its own  like it was written by a sixth grader . as for special effects  i understand that independent films have low budgets  and some gore effects looked acceptable  but if you want a scene with fire  here  s a tip buy some nonflammable material  have an extinguisher ready  and get a fire going  don  t digitally add it in and make it look like an explosion from a nintendo   game . the acting  well let  s put it this way . in my summer theater program  a cold reading of the script is  compared to this  the godfather . i won  t even go into the inconsistencies . find them yourself .  br    br   what disturbed me the most  though  was when everything was finished after shooting and editing  somebody might have said   okay  this looks good . let  s release it .  it sends a chill down my spine to even think about it  to think somebody felt that this was good enough for dvd release . this isn  t dvd quality . this isn  t sci  fi channel quality . hell  this isn  t even film school quality . if you were to submit this in for a project at a film school  you would get an f . no  not even an f  more like an f  . i wouldn  t be surprised if he would try to get you expelled .  br    br   i felt used after i saw this thing . blockbuster and the makers of this movie have my money right now  and i  d prefer not to think of what they  re doing with it . i have been the pawn of some elaborate  nefarious scheme at legalized theft  and it doesn  t feel good to think that i walked right into it  looking at the back cover with pleasant memories of   days later only to find a film ed wood would watch and say afterwards   i didn  t much care for this .  this film is the single most terrible movie i have seen . i have not seen anything by ed wood  but i have confidence this is worse . if you are looking for serious cinema  so much as being within ten feet of it will probably give you a bad headache . if not  i still recommend that you personally write the director and ask how he sleeps at night . however  if you are the kind of person who get a laugh out of really bad stuff then i recommend you check this out . you won  t be disappointed .  
although nothing can compare to vampires vs . zombies . . . in any realm of film making i will attempt to judge this movie .  br    br   firstly  the special effects were breath  taking . when there was an explosion on the television screen i thought my entire house was going to explode  and when automatic machine guns were fired i thought the shells were landing on the floor right next to me . simply stunning my friends .  br    br   but the scene when the jack black sound  a  like is giving the worst monologue i have ever heard i nearly killed myself  but don  t worry since he was getting blazed in the movie he can pass his awful acting off on  i must be high  . seriously  he must have watched himself mindlessly babbling about non  congruent thoughts that make absolutely no sense and just added that he must be  high  to justify his awful acting . well if you can say that to excuse terrible acting then if you talked to the writers  directors  executive producers  sponsors you will probably get the same response . . . seriously .  br    br   with a production team called  shock  o  rama  i was shocked i didn  t place a sawed  off shotgun in my mouth and ended my life after this shockingly terrible excuse for a movie was played .  br    br   if you want to see this movie  then you should be murdered  br    br   yours truly   br    br   the general  
as you may have gathered from the title  i wholeheartedly believe this movie to be the worst zombie movie of all time . the acting  camera  work  writing  special effects and anything else remotely related to this movie sucked . people have argued that while this movie is terribly  acted and terribly  produced but it comes through with a witty intelligent script . wow . the plot has more holes than i or anyone else could possibly count . for starters  why would the government tell everyone to go back to work when it  s not safe  i know the government  s supposed to be evil but they don  t gain anything by killing the entire population of the country . there wouldn  t be anyone to govern  another thing that i was wondering about  even if the government told everyone to go to work  why would people go if the streets were swarming with zombies  were the zombies going to hide in the bushes and ambush the unsuspecting people in order to aid the government in their plot to kill everyone on the planet  and how about the ending  that stupid torch guy sacrifices his life in order to get a few close up shots of the zombies . he probably forgot that every camera made in the last   years has a zoom feature . and another thing  why does he say hindenburg before he dies . the hindenburg was a rare event seen by a very few people . the zombie menace will been seen by everyone in the country  possibly the world . he doesn  t think anyone else will get a few snapshots  they also managed to ruin the only semi  interesting scene in the film when the soldier is watching the exotic dancer . why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before attacking the girl  especially when the zombie could have come through the door . it  s probably just something an unintelligent zombie movie fan such as myself wouldn  t understand . every day i pray that god with increase my brain capacity long enough for me to figure out all the subtle nuances in feeding the masses .  br    br   anywho  i think it  s interesting that this is the first movie that gave me the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production . hey trent haaga  i  m calling you out   
this apocalyptic zombie film tries to be vicious and shocking but feeding the masses comes off lame as some of the stiff  legged zombies stalking the streets . in rhode island  a zombie epidemic known as the lazarus virus is being played down by the government manipulated newspapers and television stations . a couple of brave  but dumb  souls at channel  tv news feels its audience is being given false hope and no idea of the real danger at hand . an eager reporter  racheal morris  and her cameraman  william garberina   with the aid of a military escort  patrick cohen   risk life and limb to present a  live  broadcast to show the doom at hand . do yourself a favor and don  t watch . this thing is obviously very low budget and comes across with the feel of a high school play gone bad . acting is atrocious and the flesh  hungry zombies are almost comical . also appearing are michael propster  william decoff and brenda hogan . feeding the masses should be left to starve .  
this is perhaps the worst attempt at a zombie film i have ever had the misfortune to see . terrible  terrible  terrible . any review found on this site is obviously the work of either the filmmaker  the filmmakers family  or a friend of the filmmaker . how does this film suck  let us count the ways . . .  br    br   the plot  incoherent . dialogue  atrocious . i will not slam the effects  gore  as i understand that this is low budget . but was there even one zombie that was not obese  c  mon  and for a film set in rhode island  why did that truck sport a massachusetts plate  continuity  find some .  br    br   the girl dancing while the soldier  stands at attention  . please  don  t put your ex  girlfriend or buddy  s sister in your movie naked . this was an ugly movie filled with ugly people  and has no business even mentioning romero on the cover . next time you decide to make a movie  don  t .  
honestly  who in god  s name gave this movie an  .  rating   i guess the people who actually made or starred in the movie were the ones who voted . otherwise this movie sucks  this movie is nothing more than an amateur  or possibly student  film . i  m a movie fanatic  and have seen terrible movies  but there was literally nothing redeeming here . the story and acting was the worst i  ve ever seen . the props  including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects  where just as bad as everything else . i  m all for bad language in movies  but the f  bomb was dropped about every third word and i think we might have a winner for the most use of the f  bomb in any movie ever . the movie also appears to have been filmed using cheap video cameras and not actual film . i  d expect this to get awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country  but it doesn  t belong on a dvd .  br    br   do not buy this movie . do not rent this movie . all i can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon . this is valuable time that you will never get back . unfortunately for me  that time is lost  but it  s not too late for you . if you decide to rent this movie  consider this my warning .  
set in providence  rhode island  feeding the masses tries to be a satiric look at the role of the media in government . at best  it could be applied to how the us try to control media during the iraq war  but it ends up feeling hollow . there  s never any really tension in the story and the acting never very good . worst  the direction of the movie is atrocious  focus more on odd camera angles that fail to convey anything beyond  isn  t this an odd way to hold the camera .  special effects are pretty bad . . . at one point video of an explosion is green screened over the city  and it  s laughable at best .  br    br   the film does have a couple bright spots . . . namely the advertisements for post  zombie services  including a reclamation service and a party bus  . but it  s far too little to make the film worthwhile .  br    br   for a better zombie film  try hide and creep . it has the same weak production value  but there  s much more wit  humor and talent behind it .  
a friend once asked me to read a screenplay of his that had been optioned by a movie studio . to say it was one of the most inept and insipid scripts i  d ever read would be a bold understatement . yet i never told him this . why  because in a world where films like  while she was out  can be green  lighted and attract an oscar  winning star like kim basinger  a screenplay lacking in character  content and common sense is no guarantee that it won  t sell .  br    br   as so many other reviewers have pointed out   while she was out  is a dreadfully under  written woman  in  peril film that has abused housewife basinger hunted by four unlikely hoods on christmas eve . every gripe is legitimate  from the weak dialog and bad acting to the jaw  dropping lapses of logic  but basinger is such an interesting actress and the premise is not without promise . here are a couple of things that struck me  br    br     i don  t care how much we are supposed to think her husband is a jerk  the house is a mess with toys . since when did it become child abuse to make kids pick up after themselves   br    br     racially diverse gangs are rare everywhere except hollywood  where they are usually the only racially balanced groups on screen .  br    br     sure the film is stupid . but so are the countless  thrillers  i  ve sat through where the women are portrayed as wailing  helpless victims of male sadism . stupid or not  i found it refreshing to see a woman getting the best of her tormentors .  br    br     i loved the ending   br    br     though an earlier reviewer coined this phrase  i really do think this film should be retitled  the red toolbox of doom .   
feeding the masses is just one of many recent mediocre zombie movies to be after your hard  earned dollars . suggestion  keep your hard  earned dollars and let  s just say that good old theatrex took one for the team on this one . guess what the plots about  zombies taking over . this time though  for the sake of originality    this film takes place in rhode island  and to be honest i  m not sure i  ve ever seen a zombie flick based in rhode island . a tv station  controlled by the government  is supposedly keeping up  normal  broadcasts so that any remaining citizens won  t think that there  s any problem in the world  that is  those that never look or go outside  anyway . i will say though that a few of the commercials broadcast by this station were probably the most amusing part of this film . there is actually somewhat of a story to this but i  m not bothering with that because after a while you  ll either not care or have fallen asleep . at any rate  this has plenty of terrible acting to throw on top off all the  seen it all before  stuff that gets trotted out before the camera . trust me  you can find plenty of other things to do with your time than watch this .  out of   .  
this is quite possibly the worst acting i have ever seen in a movie . . . ever . and what is up with the casting . the leading lady in this movie has some kind of nose dis  figuration and is almost impossible to look at for any period of time without becoming fixated on her nose . you could go to your local grocery store on a sunday afternoon and easily find   more qualified  better looking possible leading ladies . i made the unfortunate mistake of renting this movie because it had a  cool  dvd case . this movie looks like it is just some class project for a group of multimedia students at a local technical college . i would rather have spent the hour or so that this movie was on watching public access television . . . at least the special effects are better and the people on there are more attractive than anyone you will see in this film  
some news reporters and their military escorts try to tell the truth about a epidemic of zombies  despite the  government controlling the media  . the makings of the film don  t understand that the george romero zombie films only worked because he kept his politics subtly in the background of most of his films   land of the dead  withstanding  . this satire is about as subtle as a brick to the face or a bullet to the head is more apropos for this scenario . what  s subversive or subtle about seeing a military guy masturbating to death and destruction  anything nuanced about the various commercials that are inter  cut with the film  nope . furthermore the acting is uniformly horrible  the characters thoroughly unlikable  and the plot inane . add this all up and you have the worst  most incompetent zombie film since   c . h . u . d .   reared it  s hideous head .  br    br   my grade d  
feeding the masses was just another movie trying to make a little money off of the zombie craze that is going around  mostly due to the popularity of movies such as land of the dead and the resident evil series .  br    br   it starts at a television station  which is guarded by the military  and are reporting that the lazarus virus  zombies  are close to containment and the city will soon be free to do their business again . the problem is  this is totally false . zombies are running rampantly and only a small minority of people are aware . among them are torch  william garberina   the camera man  sherry  rachael morris   the lead anchor woman  who for some reason is listed as playing shelly on this website  and roger  patrick cohen   their military escort . torch and sherry are against lying to the people but the station is being run by secret service  or some other government agency  and they are heavily censored .  br    br   this movie gives itself a pat on the back on the box  cover saying  we hold feeding the masses on a higher level than any o the three  of the dead  films by george a . rombero .  the source of that quote has lost all credibility with me .  br    br   let me just say that this movie is bad . i don  t mean bad like i was expecting more  i obviously was  though  but i mean bad in that i could not find any redeeming qualities in the film  whatsoever . the acting in all parts are either over done or too wooden . did anybody remember their lines or are they reading off of cue cards  i can  t even think of what the best part of the movie was or the best actor  actress . there really was not one . if i had to give a nod to someone  i would say roger  the military escort was probably the most interesting character but that is really not saying much .  br    br   i would have to recommend to pass on this movie  despite the box  cover looking pretty good  it  s what originally drew me to the movie  .      
you know how everyone jokes about the acting in porno movies  well if you  ve always found the plot line of a porn to captivate your interest  then this movie is for you . it truly was like a porn without the sex . or if that analogy is not to your liking  imagine you and your drunk roommate found a movie camera abandoned on a park bench . this is the movie that you would make .  horrible acting  bad camera work  music done on a casio keyboard this movie has it all  and more . for those who are masochists in the crowd  this is a premiere piece for your collection .  br    br   all i can figure is that the only people to submit reviews for this dripping pile of movie  were people who  starred  in it .  br    br   their movie career is over before it started .  
if this movie was written directed and produced with the intention of creating a bad movie cult classic  it might  i say might  have been a hit . have you ever sat and watched a movie that was so absolutely awful that it becomes fascinating in terms of its faults  well this is it . every one of the acting cast should be nominated for worst acting performance awards . it would be hard to find another film  with this kind of production budget  that contains so little of any value whatsoever . the whole thing  from the opening scenes defies logic . dialogue is completely unbelievable and illogical . ditto for the behaviour and general storyline of the film itself . what is really mind boggling  is that some buffoons in a boardroom actually made decisions to spend money on this piece of trash . wow .  
jesus christ  i can  t believe i  ve wasted my time watching this movie . i only watched because i have such a crush on jordan ladd . but watching this film almost put me off her . this is absolutely awful  i could have been watching survivor series   over this .  br    br   the lead guy in this was so bland and generic . i would love it if the great mistuharu misawa tiger drove     d his ass through a glass window . i was enraging every time he was saying  lake  and  cabin  . i  d kick his ass .  br    br   jordan ladd  on the other hand  was absolutely wonderful . a true angel . but she couldn  t even save this utter joke of a film . sadly  she couldn  t even act like she was off her nut when she took that truth drug . it looked hilarious .  br    br   i also loved the bit where jordan accidentally spilled yogurt on her . it reminded me of a time where . . . nevermind .  br    br   anayways  do watch this film because of it  s awfulness .  
i couldn  t believe this terrible movie was actually made at all . with the worst actors you could find  the worst script written  mark frost  sollace mitchell  and by far the worst waste of time in viewing . i won  t belabor the story as it  s really not worth it . but i will elaborate on some of the performances and definitely the story . as to the story  it is very hard to believe that this bitty crazy schemer could actually do what she did . that in reality the wife couldn  t defend herself against a little bitty of a thing . that the husband could actually find the nut case attractive at all . that the defense attorney could break every court rule there was and keep on doing it after the judge ordered the blankety blank to shut up . and the final result of the film is an insult to justice  movie codes  and the male species . the theme of this mess is let women do as they wish  kill whom they want  defend the killer and get away with it  while the guy rots in jail the innocent victim . hard to believe that sollace mitchell  the director and a man  would even want to make this dribble .  br    br   as to the acting jordan ladd  the killer  is awful . a loony toons  who does needlepoint during her murder trial  is this allowed in court   she bored me to the hilt . one more look of her batting her eyes and indicating how innocent she was and i  d throw up . she  s not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife . the husband  played on one level by vincent spano  just seems to look and act stupid most of the time . he was so predictable in his performance falling into the traps set for him by all the women surrounding him . the worst by far was holland taylor as the defense attourney . she over acted throughout the film and made a mockery of justice . if she would cross examine me anytime  i  d have told her to go take a hike . everybody else in this sleazy film did their job as directed to do so .  br    br   i wish i could give this film a zero rating . however we are forced to start with  . too bad . let  s not have anymore painful watching films like this . lifetime can do better then this  i know it .  br    br   this is a postscript made the mistake of turning this insipid movie on by mistake . as soon as i saw the bimbo jordan ladd i knew i  d seen it before and didn  t like it or her . i not only turned the darn thing off but had to add my anger at people like sollace mitchell who wrote the screenplay but also directed this horrible flick . doesen  t anyone see that her  his message is that sickness pays . being ill and going around killing people is okay with this director  writer . totally making the male species idiots . well  this male tells you to go stuff it somewhere painful . we  re not all that stupid and will speak out to your so called movie  which in this person  s mind deserves to be trashed .  br    br   and again this loser is shown . why     can  t you read the comments on this stupid and despicable movie  are we constantly subjected to see the bimbo jordan ladd again and again  get her off tv  films and out of sight . she  s just terrible in every sense of the word . phew      
 . . . . may seem far fetched . . . . but there really was a real life story . . of a man who had an affair with a woman  who found out where he and his new wife were staying   and she killed the wife   making it look like a murder rape . . . . . . .  br    br   in her delusion she had told everyone that the man had asked her to marry him . . so she quit her job in wisconsin . . . and moved to minnesota . . . . . . . . . .  br    br   last i heard she was in a mental institution  security prison . . . .  br    br   she was still wearing the  engagement ring .  that she has purchased for herself . . . and had told everyone that he had bought it for her .  br    br   the events took place in a small town in wisconsin        and the murder happened in minnesota . . . . . .  br    br   there even was a feature story in  people  magazine . . . spring of      i want to say on page   . i remember this as i was in college at the time   and a colleague of mine had met the individual in the security hospital . . . .  
i can  t believe i actually watched this but i guess i just wanted to know if this movie would get unintentionally funnier and funnier towards the end . and it did . the climax was the poorest performance ever given by the defence lawyer  so out of real life that even for a fictional story it was far too weird . no way anyone on this planet can behave in front of a court like she did . and probably the worst prosecutor on earth . why was he in court anyway  he did nothing and absolutely nothing to prove her guilty . a simple search of her house would have resulted in the find of the rings . but no go . he preferred to say  objection   or  times during the whole trial  that was it . the blonde lunatic was given a truth  drug to prove her innocent but not brett . the lunatic almost had an altar of brett in her home that could have proved her sick obsession . but again no go . during the court scene i felt the silent urge to take the needlepoint out of her hand and bang it several times against her head . even real weirdos do not look that silly fake  i am innocent  like she did . and what does this movie tell us  never marry a woman with a life insurance as soon as she falls down the stairs her husband will be thrown into jail  guilty or not . evil  evil men .  
i don  t often give one star reviews  but the computer won  t let me do negative numbers .  br    br   the opening titles tell us we  re in deep water already . although this is a low budget exploitation film  there are   producers credited . no . no .  br    br   at the beginning of the story abusive husband kenneth comes home to his family in an upscale gated community . the house is a pigsty . his wife  della  kim basinger  has let the children run amok all day .  br    br   ok . we  re already in deep water . ms . basinger was   years old when the film came out . uh  are these her children or grandchildren  it  s christmas eve . della drives to the mall  a lengthy scene that could have been cut . to bludgeon home the idea of eeeeeeevil male aggression rampant in the universe she drives past football players in full uniform playing in pouring rain on christmas eve . sure . for a bonus she sees a vehicle with a slaughtered deer tied to it .  br    br   we get some actual suspense in the driving scenes  though . it  s raining and traffic is bad . first we see della try to drive and smoke at the same time . then later della tries to drive and talk on her cell phone at the same time  at one point turning completely around to check the cluttered back seat for the charger for the phone .  br    br   she wanders the mall  sees an old friend from college  tries to buy stuff but her credit card is declined  gosh  maybe her husband is grumpy because he  s going broke  but that  s too complicated for the script to follow .  br    br   in the parking lot she runs afoul of the most ludicrous gang in the history of films . one white boy  lukas hass watching his career go down the toilet   one black  one asian  and one hispanic . imagine a company of up with people gone to the bad and you  ll have the idea .  br    br   although they have a gun she gives them attitude . a mall cop comes to investigate the ruckus and they shoot him in the head  firing more than once . the parking lot is crowded as can be  people everywhere  and nobody notices .  br    br   della escapes in her car and rather than choosing a police station or well lighted safe area  she drives to a construction site  where she kills all four bad boys one at a time with simply the tools  literally  at hand .  br    br   major spoiler ahead .  br    br   she drives back home . the car poops out so she walks through the pouring rain . checks on the children  goes downstairs  and when her husband petulantly asks what she got him at the mall shows him the gun and shoots him at point blank range .  br    br   the experience with the four punks was supposed to result in personal empowerment for della . instead we know that her children will probably spend christmas in foster care or a group home  because the state will collect them while she answers to murder one charges . the four punks can be classified as justifiable homicide in self defense . the husband  different story .  br    br   i  m so glad i saw this on cable . if i  d seen it in a theater  did it get any release   i  d have been furious . as is  i  m just sad seeing talents like ms . basinger and mr . haas waste themselves on garbage like this .  br    br   one very good thing  though . this was written and directed by susan montford . ms . montford has not gotten another writing or directing credit since passing this turd . there is justice in the world .  
i happened upon this flick on a rainy sunday  intending to tune  in to something else . out of curiosity  i accessed the comments here  and found myself watching it to the end . i really didn  t do so with intent   this was one of those movies where you  re  fascinated   and watch it for  another couple of minutes   until you finally just watch to the end . and the indictment of it in most of these comments made it more fascinating to view . the one comment where the person really liked it seems to be solely as a result of liking ladd and spano  and their earlier roles . but great isn  t anywhere to be found anywhere here  story  performances  and particularly the absurd courtroom hi  jinks . we all know that perry mason  before raymond burr passed the     lb . mark   and ben matlock  are granted some leeway in cavorting around the courtroom  instead of being boringly confined to a lectern . and matlock is especially granted the privilege of entering exhibits often by simply going to the jury and showing them  before the judge and prosecutor have even been informed of  or shown  them . no real  life judge or prosecutor would stand for this .  br    br   both perry and ben almost always ended the proceedings by wringing a confession of the real killer . actually perry nearly always did this  but often matlock would simply present overwhelming evidence of the true culprit  pronounce it  reasonable doubt   and then leave it to the cops and prosecutors to proceed against the guilty party  sometimes on  camera  sometimes presumed at the end of the show .  br    br   but that said  holland taylor  s histrionics and the amount of leeway afforded her  in the courtroom portion of this story  made the actions of matlock  mason more  closely resemble the slow  often boring detail such as seen on court tv and in real  life courtrooms .  br    br   every character in this presentation was either insipid  unsympathetic  obnoxious  boring  improbable  or some combination of two or more of these .  br    br   the ending was the most banal  absurd  even silly conclusion possible  but again  fascinating because of this . ladd and spano are attractive individuals  and t . v . movies would appear their best forte  probably best in  nd  lead  probably better if   rd    roles  even in this venue . taylor could be cast as the aunt or mother of one of them . give this one  star for the story  performances  and  additional for the fascination factor .  
  the deadly look of love  is essentially  fatal attraction  with a couple of twists added onto the back half . the ending will not surprise anyone who has seen more than two or three movies of the week . it is yet another cautionary tale about succumbing to temptation  and it adds nothing fresh to the genre .  br    br   brett  vincent spano  is engaged to a beautiful woman who just happens to have a sizable trust fund . even though he has it all  he risks losing everything by starting up a steamy side affair with janet  jordan ladd  . janet  a doe  eyed blonde from cedar falls  falls hard for brett  and she does not take it particularly well when he comes clean about his engagement . shortly after the wedding  mrs . brett turns up dead in the master bedroom of the large  luxurious home she shared with her new husband . when the police question brett  he promptly points the finger at janet . following her arrest  janet seems to get loonier by the minute  not that she was the picture of stability before . her defense attorney  holland taylor  is convinced that janet is innocent and is hell bent on proving it .  br    br   did she do it or didn  t she  how will it end  you can find out the answers to these questions the next time  the deadly look of love  airs on your local station . and be sure not to miss the moral of this beautiful story men are pigs  and women are crazy .  
this is not horror  as the first part was this is   campy   light and humorous entertainment . like in so many sequels  the action starts right away with no explanations . but there  s boobs  so i don  t complain . and real boobs that is . if i understand correctly  those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in u . s . of a . which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is pamela  bruce  s sister  springsteen .  br    br   this cannot be thought without the first movie  so i compare this to it . again there is too small clothing  mainly pants  and funny hair  it  s not hard to tell what decade this film is made in . again there is really strange characters  this time even more visibly  pathological  ones . especially the personnel of the camp . it  s like some mental rehabilitation summer camp . people are older most of the actors must be at least    but i think they  re supposed to be   or something . some  methods  used by the evil dyke are quite unpleasant . actually this movie don  t have much in common with the first part  and this is worse than it in every way .  
absolutely putrid slasher film has not one redeeming quality . it has camp councellor angela  pamela anderson . . awful as the killerher quips when she wastes people aren  t even amusing  on the warpath slaying teenagers who act the least bit naughty or resist her pleadings for good behavior . we run the gamut of boring  clichd killings such as the slashing to the throat to one kid looking for his freddy clawed glove  a kid who gets a chainsaw  one girl who gets drilled  one who gets shoved into the crapper  filled with leeches   one who is roasted  etc .  br    br   it doesn  t have one original idea to offer and is merely a waste of time . that is unless you want to see valerie hartmen  s  who plays the slut ally  tits . most of the violence occurs off  screen so even that will not satisfy .  
this movie is not good . the first one almost sucked  but had that unreal ending to make it worth watching . this one has nothing . there  s zero scare  zero tension or suspense . this isn  t really a horror movie . most of the kills don  t show anything . there  s no gore to speak of . this could almost be a tv  except for a bit of nudity and a bit of violence . the acting is not very good  either . and don  t get me started on the dialogue . as for the surprise ending  surprise  there isn  t one . i suppose it could have been worse  although i don  t see how . but then again  it is less than   minutes long  so i guess that  s a good thing . although it felt a lot longer . apparently this is the cut version of the film . i found it for a very cheap price  but it still not worth it . if you want the uncut more graphic version  check out the anchor bay edition . anyway  this version of sleepaway camp iiunhappy campers gets a big fat     from me . p . s . if you watch this movie  you will probably be a bored and unhappy camper . if you are a real fan  you might want to pick up anchor bay  s sleepaway camp  with survival kit  three disc collection containing the first three movies uncut and with special features  
so angela has grown up and gotten therapy and an operation to turn her into a real life daughter  rather than the son that she was born  and now holds a job as  wait for it  a camp counselor  how appropriate  right  i know  i love it . anyway  the first sequel to the sleepaway camp franchise obeys all the rules of horror sequels  more blood  more imaginative killings  which aren  t imaginative  but still more so than the original   more nudity  a more elaborate plot  and generally worse than the original .  br    br   it is entertaining in the same way as the original was  in that the characters and wardrobes are so goofy and so authentically    s that you can  t help getting a good laugh . at one point  a guy asks angela out  and she says  i  ll call you   and then quickly walks away . the guy says to himself   how is she gonna call me  i don  t have a phone   and then he sniffs his armpits  wondering what turned her off  it  s the hair  dude    .  br    br   it is a well  known fact that in   s slasher movies  the murdered teenagers were more often than not being punished by their killer for some kind of bad behavior  usually for being too promiscuous . when i first started getting into horror movies and saw the friday the   th movies for the first time in the mid   s  i didn  t realize this . i learned it in a film class a year or two later and was amazed that their was some method to the madness . i was pretty impressed  not only that the movies were passing on some kind of message  albeit a morbid one  but that there was actually some thought put into it .  br    br   but not in this movie  at one point just before angela kills one of her victims  she says  let this be a lesson to you . say no to drugs   real subtle screen writing there  guys . then again  the dialogue is the most entertaining thing in the movie . angela  who  by the way  went through all that therapy and those operations and all that trouble to clean up her past and reinvent herself as a normal and well  developed person and then changed her name from angela to  umm  angela   says at one point   i don  t like being the wicked witch of the west  but i know what happens when things get out of control .   people start getting killed . . . by me  ha    br    br   then later  she demands that one of the counselors  mare  make an apology  to which the girl replies   i  d rather die   sorry  mare  but you really walked into that one . . .  br    br   two years ago i was a camp counselor at a sleepaway camp similar to the one portrayed in this movie  except the camp that i taught at had more than three kids to the   or   counselors and it also had rules  which the one in the movie doesn  t  . this made me notice the myriad of discrepancies in the movie from what camp life is really like .  br    br   that  s okay though  you can hardly make a movie like this with a lot of  year olds running around  although there were some   or   year old kids killed in this movie . i hadn  t seen that kind of thing much before .  br    br   definitely bad taste  even for a cheesy   s slasher movie . . . .  
angela johnson  pamela springsteen   yes she  s related to bruce   the killer from the first film  is up to her old tricks again . she  s one of the counselors at camp rolling hills . as long as the girls at camp are nice and stay away from sex  drugs and swearing things are fine . but a few step over the line and angela kills them   cracking bad jokes all the way .  br    br   the original  sleepaway camp  was a vicious and nasty splatter film but had some good points to it . this is vicious and nasty too but has no good points to it . the plot has been done to death and this adds nothing new to the formula . there are plenty of gory killings in here  people are burnt alive  heads are cut off  throats slashed  but all the gore is so obviously fake it actually become comical . this also has the smallest amount of campers i  ve ever seen and virtually everyone is far too old for their roles  especially higgins  . as expected there  s the gratuitous female nudity  here provided by the tremendously untalented valerie hartman  and the obligatory good girl  good boy team  renne estevez and tony higgins  . with the sole exception of springsteen and higgins the acting is lousy   even by slasher movie standards . there  s also a cruel edge to this movie in which one character is drowned in an outhouse  boring and sick with a stupid plot  pointless nudity and bad gore . skip it .  
despite being a sequel to the more potent original  this is more of a comical remake of friday the   th concerning the further antics of psychopathic angela  killing more nubile teens for their  immorality  at a camp .  br    br   pamela springsteen  sister of bruce  looks great . there are some pretty darn funny sex scenes with some pretty darn attractive girls  but the movie  s so  unintentionally  comedic rather than suspenseful  it  s a stinker .  br    br    out of  .  br    br   mpaa rated r for graphic violence and gore  nudity  and for some sexuality  language  and drug use .  
this movie was bad from the start . the only purpose of the movie was that angela wanted to get a high body count . the acting was horrible . the killings were acted out very badly . like when ally got stuffed down that toilet i guess it was in the abandoned cabin . but when the end of the movie comes and molly and the other guy are in the cabin you see ally so angela must have gone in to get her . the part that really got me was when the black girl and angela were in the cabin and angela took the guitar string and chocked her . one it was horrible acting and two why wouldn  t you just turn around and punch the bitch      then when molly is getting chased by angela if you have the neigh why not just turn around and stab her    so stupid . this movie sucked . . .  
this is an immoral and reprehensible piece of garbage  that no doubt wants to be a friday the   th       clone . the poster for this movie makes it look like there  s going to be some sort of a cross between jason and freddy  which is likely to attract movie  goers . there is nothing good or entertaining about this movie about this movie . it just makes me sad  just thinking that some people are going to stumble upon sleepaway camp ii unhappy campers       on video or dvd  and waste their time with this sad  cynical  depressing movie .  br    br   angela baker  pamela springsteen  is a camp counselor at camp rolling hills  who hopes that the other campers are as nice as she is  and that they stay out of trouble . meanwhile  the other campers are realizing that people are disappearing one by one  with angela making up the excuse that she had to send them home . could angela be the killer  who was once a man  who underwent a sex change operation years earlier  who knows  who cares   br    br   the     s was home to a lot of movies that made the cross between the mad slasher and dead teenager genres  in which a mad killer goes berserk . some have a plot  some don  t  but they  re all about as bad as this one . sleepaway camp ii unhappy campers is   minutes of teenagers being introduced and then being stabbed  strangled  impaled  chopped up  burned alive  and mutilated . that  s all this movie is . it is just mindless  bloody violence .  br    br   watching this movie  i was reminded of the friday the   th movies  in which the message for its viewers was that the primary function of teenagers is to be hacked to death . the filmmakers of sleepaway camp ii have every right to be ashamed of themselves . imagine the sick message that this movie offers for its teen viewers  the world is a totally evil place   this movie tells you   and it  ll kill you . it doesn  t matter what your dreams or your hopes are . it doesn  t matter if you have a new boyfriend  or a new girlfriend . it doesn  t matter what you think  what you do or what your plans for the future are . you can forget those plans  because you  re just going to wind up dead .   br    br   and the sickest thing is   and by not giving too much away   the movie simply sets up room for a sequel . well  why not  they  ve probably and already taken the bucket to the cesspool by making three or four of these movies . i missed out on the original sleepaway camp        and  after watching its first sequel  i will hopefully stay away from the other sequels  as well as the original . and for parents  if you know kids who actually like this movie  do not let them date your children .  
the genre of suspense films really takes a dive in this one . the big problem is implausability . i realize that you need to create difficult situations which would cause suspense and the tense feeling of whats going to happen next  but this movie was so predictable  and is just not believable . i find that the more i watch this kind of movie  the more i am continually saying things to actors to direct them away from danger . continually making bad decisions just borders on being plain stupid . if they took the time to make it more realistic  i might have enjoyed it a little . having said that  you might be better off staying away from this one .  
no wonder pamela springsteen gave up acting to become a full  time photographer it  s a much better idea to have her behind a camera than in front of one . while this movie is not without its interesting elements  mullets from hell  etc .   it is outweighed by flaws . for one thing  angela  the murderous counselor  appears to be about the same age as the campers . having an older  more threatening camp director would have done a lot for the film . and then you have the murder scenes . the budget was apparently too low to execute most of them properly  no pun intended   although drowning someone in an outhouse toilet is certainly original . but overall  there are a ton of movies out there that are scarier  more fun to spend an hour and a half of your life watching .  
being a slasher film aficionado  i typically will settle in to watch every slash movie that passes over my retinas  which sometimes does more harm than good to my brain  i will say . while channel surfing the other night  sleepaway camp ii happened to cross paths with me . of course  i wanted to check it out  as i had heard of the sleepaway camp franchise  but have never actually seen any of them  for shame  i know  . i will note that since i have not seen the original  my criticism should probably not be taken too seriously  because perhaps what i think is wrong with it is totally intentional by the franchise  s own design .  br    br   now i  m assuming that the franchise of sleepaway camp is  in itself  a joke on itself . hell  even the name comes off as an intentional joke . sleep away camp  it  s good fun . i can appreciate the film for wanting to just put together something for pure camp horror value  but that  s about as far as i can go . the acting in this movie made the cast of the original friday the   th look like thespians doing a rendition of macbeth . campy requires bad acting  but come on . pamela springsteen as the evil out  of  touch  with  reality killer did a better job of killing off my interest than she did killing off the entire cast . as far as comedy goes  there were a few times where i chuckled  but it was few and far between .  br    br   ultimately  sac ii is pretty boring  and i really did want to sleep away the camp . the deaths are so obviously staged and fake that you can barely appreciate them . if you  re looking for a slasher film comedy with good camp  i recommend club dread . if your channel surfing takes you across this one  check and see what else is on .  
after the debacle of the first sleepaway camp  who thought that a franchise could be born . sc ii is superior in aspect . more inspired killings and just whole lot more fun . while that might not be saying much  compared to the first movie   sleepaway camp ii is worth the rental .  br    br   pros entertaining  doesn  t take itself too seriously like sc i . inspired killings . cons crappy acting and mullets abound .  br    br   bottom line      br    br    
me and my friend rented this movie for   .   . and we both agree on one thing  br    br   this is the worst movie ever made   br    br   also me and my friend counted    face shots .  which makes up    of the movie  .  br    br   so in other words do see this movie unless you like wasting money  and i do   br    br    
this is a big step down after the surprisingly enjoyable original . this sequel isn  t nearly as fun as part one  and it instead spends too much time on plot development . tim thomerson is still the best thing about this series  but his wisecracking is toned down in this entry . the performances are all adequate  but this time the script lets us down . the action is merely routine and the plot is only mildly interesting  so i need lots of silly laughs in order to stay entertained during a  trancers  movie . unfortunately  the laughs are few and far between  and so  this film is watchable at best .  
why review good movies when you can review  trancers ii    br    br   ooh  this film is soooo lame . i can just picture the cast and crew driving around l . a . with a camcorder  hurling extras in silly monster make  up at poor  long  suffering tim thomerson . the stars  families actually turn up to play cameos  probably because full moon couldn  t afford  real  extras . lame effects  lame sets  and a script so convoluted it would take eons to untie all the knots  this must be classic trancers   br    br   and yet . . . and yet . . . it rules . note this is the same thing i say about  trancers iv .  i say it because it  s true . what can beat watching an old guy in a trench coat mow down zombies  then bust out with quips like   don  t worry ladies  they  re bio  degradable   well  lots of things could be better  but anyway this is still good stuff .  br    br   my only significant reservation is megan ward  who really stinks up the joint . she  s a lousy rival for helen hunt  s character  they  re both young pieces of eye candy  and it would  ve been more effective if they actually contrasted a bit more . oh well  you can  t have everything . at least the wonderful plot device of the  long second watch  is back in place  and we  ve got more of hap ashby  the least  convincing athlete in the history of cinema  oh  wait a minute  he  s got a rival in the form of david ogden steirs in  creator   .  br    br   i haven  t seen this lately  but i do seem to remember that martine beswick runs away twice during the final battle . hooray for lousy continuity  just one of the many highlights in this fine film .  
the original trancers is not by any means a great movie . it had massive plot holes and very little in the way of internal logic . however  it was entertaining  better done than most low  budget b  movies  and could be surprisingly witty . unfortunately  trancers ii is none of these .  br    br   trancers ii suffers from many of the same problems of most flop sequels . the plot is thin enough to see through and the writing is insipid . it seems that the people behind this movie felt that bringing the familiar faces of the first movie back would be enough  and didn  t bother with anything else . not even veteran b  grade actors like tim thomerson and jeffery combs were able to drag this film out of the muck .  br    br   a brief plot overview jack deth  thomerson  is a cop from the future who was sent to     to save the ancestors of members of his government . trancers ii takes place six years after the events of the first trancers . jack deth is married to lena  helen hunt   the woman he met in the first movie  and both live with hap ashby  the man deth was sent into the past to protect . it is discovered that the brother of whistler  the bad guy from the first movie  has traveled back in time to create an army of trancers  people turned into mindless killing zombies  to kill ashby . complicating jack  s mission is the fact that his first wife  who had died long before jack traveled to the past  was also sent back to stop whistler  s brother  and now jack finds himself working with her .  br    br   i have two real problems with this movie . one is that the method of creating trancers in this movie is radically different from the methods used in the first movie . what makes it annoying is that  in a rather poor example of soviet revisionism  they act like it was always the technique .  br    br   the other thing that annoys me is that the love triangle between deth  lena  and alice stilwell  jack  s first wife  is given very little screen time . this bothered me particularly because it was much more interesting than the actual plot of the movie . it felt like it was just something that was thrown in to fill space in the movie . alice  s character in particular seems very unconcerned with the fact that she is reunited with her husband only to find he  s re  married  making her either very shallow or very poorly written .  br    br   the only reason i can think of for watching this movie is if you  re interested in watching the entire trancers series  currently totaling six movies  . otherwise  even if you  re a fan of the original trancers  stay away from this tepid sequel .  
since the   s  writer  producer  director charles band has been responsible for literally hundreds of science  fiction  fantasy and horror b  movies . some of them are wonderful examples of how to use a tiny budget to maximum effect many of them are pretty bad . trancers       was one of those rare gems .  br    br   a terminator style tale of time  travel and action  trancers saw tim thomerson playing jack deth  a future cop given the task of tracking down bad  guy whistler  who travels into the past by inhabiting the body of an ancestor . whistler is capable of controlling other humans with his psychic powers  converting them into obedient zombies  the  trancers  of the title   and attempts to alter the course of history by killing off the ancestors of the leaders of the future . jack follows him to      determined to stop him .  br    br   in this     sequel  jack is still living in     . having destroyed whistler  he has settled down and married leena  helen hunt   the young woman who helped him succeed in the first movie . but  for jack  things don  t stay calm for long  and trouble appears in the form of whistler  s brother  e . d . wardo  who is trying to build a trancer army .  br    br   trancers ii lacks the charm and simplicity of the original and is a huge disappointment considering how good the original was . the story is difficult to pick up if you haven  t seen the first film  or at least not for a long while   and there is loads of unimpressive action and a few poor special effects . gone is the inventiveness and wit that made trancers so much fun instead we get some cheesy one  liners and a script that feels like it was written on  the  fly .  br    br   about the only reason i can give for recommending this film to fans of the genre is the cast  which boasts many names that will be familiar to followers of sci  fi and horror movies jeffrey combs  barbara crampton  richard lynch  martine beswicke . unfortunately  most of them seemed to be having an  off day  whilst filming trancers ii  and performances are mediocre at best .  br    br   the trancers series obviously has its fans four further sequels have since been churned out . unless the quality has taken up massive upward swing  i can  t imagine them being any good .  
annie  s wig does not look good . she is not cute and pretty enough to play annie . annie sticks out in the movie  as her outfits look like halloween costumes . terrible acting and terrible plots . this movie is such a change from the     version . i think that a younger and smaller girl should have had the lead role . ashley johnson portrays a very boyish annie . not appealing at all . at least the casting director got it right with daddy warbucks . ms . hannigan was also miscast . camilla belle played molly alright .  warning  this movie might insult your iq so you might just want to only show it to very young children .  and younger . some of the plots are too fictional and could hardly take place in the real world .  
not even worth watching this tacky spoiler ruins everything about  annie  . the characters seem almost cheapened by the poorly written storyline and they low quality feeling to the production . it was very clearly made for tv  yet if i found it on my television  i would flick it straight over . the children in the film do an alright job  yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie fails to really draw you in . this film lacked the music  dance numbers thats made the original brilliant and truly does take the shine of the annie we all love . johnson  as annie is at times annoying and over acted . . you cannot convince yourself that she truly is annie . the differences in character appearance continued to irritate me throughout the duration of the film . sad to say this sequel was a total flop .  
its christmas eve and lazy and submissive housewife della  kim basinger  receives some violent threats from her troubled and abusive husband . leaving her twin children in bed she ventures off into the night for one last shopping spree at the local mall . its busy there and finding a parking space is nigh on impossible  della takes umbrage at one motorist who parks in two spaces  she leaves them a note saying as much . returning to her car after visiting the shops she is confronted by some yobs  yup the owners of the car she left a note on  they are very angry and want some fun with her  a kindly security guard steps into assist her  but things get out of hand and the guard is shot  della flees with the now murderous yobs in hot pursuit  they shoot at her  she looses control of her car and crashes  quickly grabbing her toolbox from the trunk  she hides in a deserted building site  but is soon caught  just before they try to rape and kill her  from her magical toolbox she produces a wrench  wounding their leader  chuckie   she manages to escape again into the nearby woods  in the fracas one of the gang is killed  it just happens to be the black guy here the night gets worse for all involved as a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues . a similar plot line to eden lake drew me to this  but that is where the comparisons end . this is a brainless and dumb film  shockingly scripted and horribly acted by all involved  the doe eyed disney  esquire twin kids are horrible to watch  but its lukas haas as chuckie  that must take the plaudits in the bad acting department  although he is given a run for his money by the equally awful husband . as a film its plot line is completely telegraphed all the way through  even in the set up early on della  s cell phone goes dead and then in the shops her credit card has been cancelled by her hubby and she has no cash and its christmas eve  now where could they be going with this i wonder    the only surprising part of this hit is when after killing all the clichd bad guys with the contents of her magic toolbox  she demands chuckie to fck her  if my jaw had not already been on the floor at this films awfulness  it would surely have dropped and smashed on the floor . even the ending is messed up  all the feminist grannies wanting their pound of flesh are left utterly disappointed . . i didn  t think i could be further disappointed  but then i saw that guillermo del toro produced this dreck  
this film is absolutely awful  but nevertheless  it can be hilarious at times  although this humor is entirely unintentional .  br    br   the plot was beyond ridiculous . i don  t even think a  year  old would be convinced by the ludicrous idiocy that the film  makers tried to slap together into a story . however  on the positive side  some of the horrifically inane plot twists provide a great deal of humor . for example   wow  lady hogbottom has a giant missile hidden in her back yard   it gets worse  and even funnier   but i  ll spare you .  br    br   the acting is generally laughable . most of the kids  roles are sort of cute  but not very believable . on the other hand  annie is pretty awful all  around . the adults don  t take their roles seriously at all  but this is largely a good thing . if they  d tried to be believable  the film would  ve been even worse . which is difficult to imagine .  br    br   once you get past the overall crappiness of the movie  there are actually a few standout moments of almost  not  crappiness . the scene where lady hogbottom  s son runs away with the maid is surprisingly hilarious  though it  s an annoying letdown when they get caught by the police . the butler character  while very minor  is a ray of sunlight that almost  but never quite pierces through the gloom .  br    br   watching this movie actually caused me physical pain . nevertheless  there were a few redeeming parts that made it almost watchable without beginning to hemorrhage internally . judged on its good parts alone  the movie would be about a   unfortunately  the rest of the movie hardly deserves a  . thus  i give it a  .  br    br   that  s being pretty generous  i  d say .  
unfortunately there was not a  for a rating or else i would  ve chosen it . this movie lacks the star power that the original movie had in such abundance . carol burnett  albert finney  tim curry  bernadette peters  edward hermann  the innocence of newcomer aileen quinn  and expert directing from seasoned pro john huston  father of actress angelica huston  is what made this film so charming . even the     remake with kathy bates  victor garber  alan cumming  and kristin chenoweth had more to offer than this sorry excuse for a sequel . before she did this movie all ashley johnson was known for was her role as little chrissie seaver on the prime time show growing pains . she had a few bit parts in movies but i don  t know who thought she had talent enough to carry a movie on her own . and adding joan collins as lady edwina hogbottom  ridiculous  they couldn  t get good enough actors to play the major roles like daddy warbucks  miss hannigan  and annie but they will sign joan collins to play some british lady  it doesn  t surprise me that this movie was as bad as it was . the critics were right to have not agreed with this movie  even if it was only made for tv  it was a poor sequel to an otherwise lovable movie .  
well where do i start  i think it  s very insulting to the original annie with aileen quimnn . i love the film annie  and i was expecting this to be a brilliant film  but i was so disappointed  the acting is awful  the original annie came out a few years before i was born  i  m now   and annie is still one of my favourite films  so i was really excited to see annie  . the acting was awful in the film  were any of the characters original  very badly written  directed and acted . this is not a film i wish to see again  and any annie lover i recommend that you don  t watch this film because it will only leave you very disappointed . the young girls singing isn  t bad but still doesn  t compare to the original  
christ . a sequel to one of the most cloying films of all time  this at least has the decency to leave out the songs  bar a reprise of the unbearable  tomorrow   but does continue the tradition of being nauseating and unfunny . this time  annie and her friends head off to london and get caught up in joan collins  s plot to blow up buckingham palace or some such shite . the movie has a bizarrely sycophantic attitude towards its eponymous character at odds with how irritating she is every time the little bugger squeals  leapin  lizards   i could feel my teeth grinding themselves down into powder . drearily photographed  slushy and plodding  the movie has only one memorable line   unhand me  you stupid genius    and the fact that it  s not the original to recommend it .  
worst movie   with the best reviews given it  i  ve ever seen . over the top dialog  acting  and direction . more slasher flick than thriller . with all the great reviews this movie got i  m appalled that it turned out so silly . shame on you martin scorsese  
what ever possessed martin scorcese to remake this film  and not only did he remake it  completely ruin it  the nonsensical decision to make the character played by robert deniro  in his most overdone performance  and that  s saying a lot  into a religious fanatic is ridiculous  and exemplary of attitudes harbored by hollywood  and mr . scorcese especially   attitudes that compel writers to think that the best way to make a character insane is to tattoo a crucifix on his back . in any case  this movie is awful .  br    br    
this remake of the     orginal film  o the book has some very good parts to commend it and some fine performances by some fine actors  however scorsese opts toward the end for the most formulaic of plot twists and an embarrassingly overacted shakespearean demise that had me looking at my watch .  br    br   deniro is a superb actor  dedicated to giving his all in the work he does  however he needs direction to focus his talent  and this is sorely lacking in the last five minutes of the film .  br    br   gregory peck  s cameo is serviceable but nothing more whilst robert michum is always fun to watch  even with as few lines as this .  br    br   nick nolte turns in a better performance than lorenzo  s oil but is not on the same form as  weeds  . joe don baker has some great lines while juliette lewis proves yet again that talent sometimes skips a generation .  br    br   some good points  the start credits     the first view of cody  s back when doing dips in the prison  the scene where cody is attacked with baseball bats  sam bowden  s decent into full  fledged panic  cody  s outwardly calm but unnerving prescence .  br    br   the worst  the  cleaning woman  but not really     part . clinging bare  handed to the underside of a car for a hundred miles at high speed .  are there no speed bumps in the us   the  he  s dead  but not really     parts and the aforementioned rambling ending .  br    br   i may watch the original again  but i  ve yet to be tempted to watch the remake in four years since seeing it .  
worst de niro scorsese collaboration in this horrible agonizing violent overlong mess . scorsese is totally out of his element in this film with the horror cliched suddenly loud phone ringing and door slamming gimmicks that seem laughable and embarrassing coming from such a master craftsman . the cast is totally wasted here and the southern accents are very annoying and forced . nick noltie plays the wimpiest lawyer in history who would ever believe he can defend anyone  de niro  s psychotic bowden is nothing more than the typical    s movie psycho killer . the scene with de niro and lewis early on is very awkward and the climax goes on and on and we should all be more than tired of the on psycho stalker that never dies . one of my most horrible movie experiences . rent the original it  s    times better .  br    br    
while i can  t deny that his movies are often entertaining  i have always personally felt that martin scorsese is just a little overrated in his abilities . his use of flashy stylistics in a good number of his movies seems to scream  look at me  aren  t i an imaginative director   . his best film that i have seen is the one with the least added flourishes  the superlative  raging bull  .  br    br   for this remake it appears it was business as usual  though . the dull film stock to convey a      s setting was so bland as to be a distraction in itself . the melodramatic close  ups combined with the sub  par imitation of the classic  psycho  score are more likely to provoke smirks of derision than a sense of atmospheric terror . the score for  psycho  was brilliantly unnerving  this  homage  just sounds shrill and annoying . even the cast  who can be decent at times  deliver histrionic performances that just scream  caricature   the notable exception to this being an intelligent turn by lewis as the impressionable teenage daughter of the bowden family .  br    br   the worst acting offender here is surprisingly de niro . sure  he looks suitably menacing but as soon as he opens his mouth that aura just drains away . now i  m no expert on american accents  me originally coming from near manchester in england an  all  but surely he could  ve come up with a more convincing southern drawl than that  being the gifted physical actor he is  he almost overcomes this fatal flaw  but not quite . it was disconcerting for me  as a de niro fan  to be wishing he was off screen  rather than rapt at his performance .  br    br    possible spoilers .   br    br   the over  the  top style of the whole movie extends to the ridiculously overblown finale . when will scorsese learn that underplaying the situation can sometimes build tension just as effectively as giving the viewer a visual and sonic bombardment  i also thought that he was too respected a reputation to resort to the  killer  not  dead  yet  cheap trick that less talented individuals might employ .  br    br   all in all  a thoroughly ridiculous  thriller  . scorsese and de niro have done much better work together .  
i  m surprised this movie is rated so highly  although if i were to go with typical grade scale   is a c  or d so perhaps that  s all right but this movie was just a typical thriller except boringly slow and unrealistic . not that a typical thriller is realistic but this one seemed to be trying to  and yet the woman who got rapped didn  t press charges because she didn  t want to be cross examined in a court even though she would be putting the man who broke her arm beat the crap out of her and raped her away for life not but also protecting the lawyer whom she had feelings for and his family not just random people she didn  t even know . there were other similar problems with the movie which would have been all right if there was some kind of moral to take away from the movie but the few moral questions like whether it was right to try to kill  beat kady before he did anything illegal were presented a little one sided since kady ended up being just a crazed bastard bent on revenge so sure the lawyer was justified in protecting his family since waiting for kady to actually rape his daughter so he could do something legally about it would be a bit absurd . so now i  ve just waisted more of my life for this stupid movie so please don  t see it so at least your life won  t be waisted and that way my     hours or so has meant something .  
so this is what actress kim basinger has succumbed to  mmm to tell the truth the film  s title is something quite eye grabbing to getting your interest and plot outline reads so basic  but simplicity can have its strengths . anyhow by the end of  while she was out  i was left feeling rather indifferent . not the worse  despite being engulfed by negatives   but there  s easily way better in what is an causally lukewarm  but compact and unbalanced late  night survival fable of a feeble suburban housewife stranded in the woods trying to fight for her life after she witnessed the death of a rent a cop that came to her aid  when she provoked an ugly exchange with some punks in a shopping car park .  br    br   the problem here falls on the misguidedly erratic and foreseeable material  taken from a short story   along with the very variable performances . the flimsy script was poorly thought  out  which isn  t so good when your plot has a slight structure to hang off   so many wretched inclusions and dubious actions just go on to find its way in this endless chain of events . as for the bunch of stereotypical goons  led by an unconvincing lukas hass as a loose canon  terrorizing basinger  well they were less than threatening  but hopelessly clueless . watching basinger scrounging around in the dank wilderness with a red tool box in her hand  don  t ask me why   knocking off these wannabe punks one by one became ridiculous because it didn  t elicit tension or emotion but instead clumsy jolts that were absurdly daft because of the stupidity of the lead up . basinger  s performance is stout  like  but doesn  t craft much empathy . craig sheffer shows up as her hot  headed husband . strangely i couldn  t keep my eyes off the screen thinking to myself that red toolbox is hypnotic  why would she be constantly carrying it  and what tool was she going to use to dispatch the next thug her choices were quite disappointing . watching her transformation through the traumatic situation when things are finally turned around is rather empty  due to its unsure tone and the ending is something you could see miles ahead .  br    br   susan montford  s soberly slick direction lacks cohesion and energy  as it pretty much chugs along . i liked the opening credits though  with its hauntingly sullen score  which is the most effective thing throughout the feature  and polished photography .  br    br   no great shakes . doesn  t ask much of your time  but i wouldn  t care to see it again . however with the inclusion of a joy division song  it made me grab a couple of their albums for a listen .  
one of scorsese  s worst . an average thriller the only thing to recommend it is de niro playing the psycho . the finale is typically of this genre i . e . over  the  top  with yet another almost invincible  immune  to  pain villain . i didn  t like the   s original  and this version wasn  t much of an improvement on it . i have no idea why scorsese wasted his time on a remake . then again  considering how bad his recent movies have been  i  m referring to his dull buddhist movie and all the ones with his new favourite actress  the blond girl di caprio  this isn  t even that bad by comparison . and considering spielberg wanted to do the remake . . . could have been far worse .  
i really don  t want to compare martin scorsese  s cape fear to the classic     cape fear film  but i can  t help it . not only am i a huge fan of the robert mitchum and gregory peck starred cape fear  but when scorsese includes scenes right out of the previous film  cady taking the keys out of the ignition  dog dying  and even using bernard herrmann  s score throughout the entire film  he  s not giving me a lot of opportunities to not make a comparison as i can  t help but think of the classic cape fear nearly every scene . when comparing scorsese  s version of cape fear to the classic version  the remake comes out destroyed by the classic but even when taking the film by itself  it  s still bad .  br    br   now scorsese and screenwriter wesley strick didn  t just remake the     cape fear scene for scene  they tried to do things differently . unfortunately this is one of the film  s problems . gone is the original crazy and animal  like max cady who is out for personal revenge  the max cady in the     version is a religious fanatic out to  save  sam bowden and who is in touch with his feminine side  his words  not mine  . also gone is the stand  up and strong sam bowden seen in the classic cape fear film  the sam found in the     remake is very goofy  magoo  distrustful  and very unlikable . even mrs . bowden is a completely different character  she  s crazier than max cady is  the overall story has also been changed around  sam didn  t testify against cady in court to put him in jail like in the classic version  sam is now cady  s ex  lawyer who cady suspects of not doing all he could to keep him out of jail and is out to  save  him .  br    br   the overall story has been changed  and i don  t hold too much against it  but the overall script is also weak all around . other sub  plots have been thrown into the mix that not only distract from the bigger picture  they are also just poorly written . the film also includes a few frankly absurd scenes and is filled with apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can  t take the least bit seriously . these aspects take away from the dangerous and thrilling nature that the film is supposed to have  but they have some help in this department as well .  br    br   now the classic version of cape fear was extraordinarily filmed with brilliant lighting and a powerfully effective suggestive subtlety combined with a barefaced brutality that delivered thrills when the film called for it and a sense of danger throughout its entirety . however  scorsese is unable to do any of this in his cape fear  giving the film a cookie  cutter early     s look  no sense of danger  no suspenseful scenes  and little style  unless you count animating fire and the skyline style  . yeah  there is some gruesome violence and some effort was put in to make this cape fear bigger than the original  but it ends up empty and all shock but no awe .  br    br   if all that wasn  t enough  the acting isn  t great either . robert de niro  being somehow nominated for an academy award for his performance  starts off alright as max cady  but he gets progressively worse until he begins to get nothing but laughs instead of scares by the end of the film . the opposite thing happens for jessica lange and her performance of mrs . bowden  going from overacting for most of the film to giving a convincing display of fear and desperation towards the end . as sam bowden  nick nolte stays the same throughout the whole film beige . juliette lewis  who also reeled in an academy award nomination  is decent enough in her role as danielle bowden  but she  s called upon to play a real stupid character and it  s hard to really like what we see on screen from her .  br    br   this film seems to be often counted as one of the few good remakes  and i can  t figure out why . i wanted to like it i really did  i mean  if there  s going to be a remake of cape fear i  d rather like that one too  but i just couldn  t . containing nothing to be great on its own and being crushed by the unavoidable comparison to the original cape fear  i found martin scorsese  s cape fear to be a very bad film indeed . the best things about the film are robert mitchum and gregory peck in their supporting roles  go figure .  
i think we all begin a lot of reviews with   this could  ve made a great movie .  a demented ex  con freshly sprung  a tidy suburban family his target . revenge  retribution  manipulation . marty  s usual laying on of the karo syrup . but unfortunately somewhere in universal  s high  rise a memorandum came down everyone ham it up .  br    br   nolte only speaks with eyebrows raised  lange bitches her way through cigarettes  lewis  ohmagod  s   her way though her scenes  and bobby d . . . well  he  s on a whole other magic carpet . affecting some sort of cajun  huckleberry hound accent hybrid  he chomps fat cigars and cackles at random atrocities such as  problem child  . and i want you to imagine the accent mentioned above . now imagine it spouting brain  clanging religious rhetoric at top volume like he swallowed six bibles  and you have de niro  s schtick here . most distracting of all  though  is his most overdone use of the  de niro face  he  s so lampooned for . eyes squinting  forehead crinkled  lips curled . crimany  bob  you looked like plastic man .  br    br   the story apparently began off  screen   years earlier  when nolte was unable to spare de niro time in the bighouse for various assaults . upon release  he feels nolte  s misrep of him back then warrants the terrorizing of he and his kin . and we  re supposed to give de niro  s character a slight pass because nolte withheld information that might  ve shortened his sentence . de niro being one of these criminals who  despite being guilty of unspeakable acts  feels his lack of freedom justifies continuing such acts on the outside . mmm  kay .  br    br   he goes after notle  s near  mistress  in a scene some may want to turn away from   his wife  his daughter  the family dog  ya know . which is one of the shortcomings of wesley strick  s screenplay utter predictability . as each of de niro  s harassments becomes more gruesome  you can pretty much call the rest of the action before it happens . strick isn  t to be totally discredited  as he manages a few compelling dialogue  driven moments  de niro and lewis  seedy exchange in an empty theater is the film  s best scene   but mostly it  s all over  cranked . scorsese  s cartoonish photographic approach comes off as forced  not to mention the horribly outdated re  worked bernard hermann score  i kept waiting for the wolf man to show up with a genetically enlarged tarantula  .  br    br   thus we arrive at the comedic portion of the flick . unintentionally comedic  that is . you know those scenes where something graphically horrific is happening  but you can  t help but snicker out of sight of others  you  ll do it here . nolte and lange squawking about infidelity  de niro  s thumb  flirting  he cross  dressing  and a kitchen slip on a certain substance that has to be seen to believed . and bob  s infernal  incessant  constant  mind  damaging  no  end  in sight blowhard ramblings of all the  philosophy  he disovered in prison . i wanted him killed to shut him up more than to save this annoying family .  br    br   i always hate to borrow thoughts from other reviewers  but here it  s necessary . this really is scorsese  s version of freddy krueger . the manner in which de niro relishes  speaks  stalks  withstands pain  right down to his one  liners  is vintage freddy . upon being scalded by a pot of thrown water  you trying  to offer sumpin  hot   please . and that  s just one example .  br    br   unless you were a fan of the original     flick and want a thrill out of seeing balsam  peck  and mitchum nearly   years later  or want a serious head  shaking film experience   avoid a trip to the cape .  
  look  i know this may suck right now  but pain is temporary  film is forever . whatever you do right now is burned into celluloid for all time and for thousands of years to come .   robert de niro  br    br   this was initially a film for steven spielberg  the director hiring several screenwriters to adjust the screenplay so that it more suited his themes . and so we have a dysfunctional family that is threatened by a deranged monster in the form of a recently released from prison robert de niro . like  jurassic park    poltergeist  and  war of the worlds   the dysfunctional family bands together to defeat the beast  the beast being the creation of the father  a lawyer who failed to defend de niro during his trial .  br    br   in typical spielberg fashion  the father kills the monster that undermines the family and is then promptly absolved of his sins . like oscar schindler  robin williams  sam niel  tom cruise and virtually every  daddy  figure in spielberg land  the father reclaims his paternal duty in the kind of bittersweet coda that spielberg so enjoys .  br    br   but spielberg eventually abandoned the picture and the project was instead turned over to martin scorsese  who at the time was seeking to try his hand at more commercial fare . the result is arguably the worst film in scorsese  s filmography  and  ironically  his most illuminating .  br    br   an artist  s failures or misfires are often very revealing  exposing the inner workings of their art . when the story doesn  t work  the characters don  t connect or the images don  t sear  we find ourselves left with a kind of inner core . this  the remaining carcass  is what the director  s cinema is about .  br    br   now  cape fear  is an impersonal film  so we won  t find any thematic connections to the rest of scorsese  s filmography   you already sacrificed me   de niro yells  but the films themes of catholic redemption are cookie cutter  . what the film does  though  is expose the kind of language that his filmography hinges on . watch how scorsese  s camera desperately whips back and forth  how he zooms frantically onto doorknobs and windows in an attempt to force tension and how his characters are all loud and screaming for attention . but more importantly  watch how the film makes no spatial sense . a showdown on a boat at the end of the film takes place on an obvious sound  stage  a street parade is claustrophobic and takes place within no larger context and the family  s house doesn  t seem to exist anywhere in particular . there is simply no geographical sense to anything in the picture  scorsese unable to film space or create any kind of spatial environment .  br    br   the reason for this is that scorsese  s camera always has to be bound  or intimately tethered  to his central character . for the world around the character to make sense  his camera has to be focused on the character . resnais can take you around a french hotel  welles and hitchcock can dance you down a street and up a building  cameron can give you a tour of the titanic  scott can recreate an entire future cityscape  lucas can give you an alien desert planet  and most other directors can create a sense of space by textbook  close up  mid shot  wide shot  combinations  but scorsese can  t do this . there  s no poetry  no sense of tangible space in his films . he  s all about the character . you break that tether  you leave that boxing ring  that taxi cab  you look away from de niro  and everything collapses . he simply cannot break away from this very documentarian style of shooting  which  in a way  is a prerequisite for action film  making .  br    br   scorsese tried to rectify this problem with  gangs of new york   where the space and the sets become the central character  but even this self consciously spatial experiment gets sabotaged by the magnetism of daniel day lewis  the actor drawing scorsese  s camera inexorably toward him like a moth to a bulb .  br    br        even as a generic b  movie  this is an ugly  vulgar looking film . look at the matte paintings  the inept attempts at tension  the silly rotorscoped special effects and hokey fistfight showdown . still  we have robert de niro to pick up the slack . de niro  who gives his body over to scorsese like a tattooed christ  gives the film its only great scene . in an improvised romantic sequence with young a juliette lewis  he sticks his thumb into her mouth and kisses her . a kind of symbolic rape  the girl runs away  both aroused and repelled by this man  s interest .  br    br   but de niro  s performance  so deliciously over the top  simply can  t be imitated by scorsese . you  d need the operatic tone and the baroque visuals of someone like de palma to make this work . but scorsese  nope .  br    br   worth one viewing .  
the film starts with a voice over telling the audience where they are  and who the characters are . and that is the moment i started to dislike the movie . with all the endless possibilities any film director have in hand  i really find it a very easy and cheap solution to express the situation with a voice over telling everything . i actually believe voice overs are betrayals to the film making concept .  br    br   i hate to hear from a voice over saying where we are  which date we are at  and especially what the characters feel and think . i believe that a director has to find a visual way to transmit the feelings and the thoughts of the characters to the audience .  br    br   but after the bad influencing intro  a very striking movie begins and keeps going for a fairly long enough time . the lives of a middle class family and all the members individually are depicted in a perfect realistic way . i think the director has a talent for capturing real life situations . for example  a father who has to make his private calls from the bathroom might seem abnormal at first  but life itself leads us some situations which might seem abnormal but also very normal as well . i think the director is a very good observer about real life .  br    br   but that is it . after a while the realism in the movie begins to sacrifice the story  telling . i really felt like i  m having a big headache because of the non  stop talking characters . it was as if the actors and actresses were given the subject and were allowed to improvise the dialogs . it is realistic really  but characters always asking  really  is that so  etc . to each other  or characters saying  no  or  are you listening to me   ten times when saying it only once is just enough causes me to have a headache .  br    br   i also think the play practicing and book reading scenes are more then they should be . i understand that the play and the book in the movie are very much related to the plot  but i think the director has missed the point where he should stop showing these scenes .  
the plot it  s not so original . if someone saw  l  ultimo bacio  there  s nothing new . a wealthy family in rome living everyday life that  s is boring and false  with everyone asking to others what they think about them . really boring after an half of hour because it  s simple to understand where the story is going to finish . this because it  s simple to see the moralistic view of muccino in this movie  so even the hardest parts seem normal . to summarise in the first  minutes of the movie it would be enough and the aim of the movie were already said . the family saw from a   years old  i don  t like to see movie that want to show the reality but for be coherent to his thoughts has to push more than the normal the situations . really good how muccino put the camera in the right place moving with the carathers and it  s the only reason that bring me not sleeping in the cinema though always in the movie scream from the begining . perhaps it could be good to see the family how they are in reality and not put the blame to something out of it . morante was intense and great as usual but unfortunatly on a bad movie   
the actors did a really good job playing their roles   particularly the mom . however  as the movie progressed i found i was watching it more for their acting and not because i cared in the least for the people . and  at times  i felt irritated by the irresponsible and hands  off approach to parenting displayed again and again . the daughter is a   year  old shallow skank whose main ambition in life is bedding famous men and becoming a dancing nyphette  complete with lots of  booty shaking   . the son is a guy with low self  esteem that seems very desperate for a relationship and friends   so much that he throws a drug party late in the film . the husband and wife are both bored  but rather than put energy into their stale relationship would rather seek out new partners  though the wife picks poorly  as the man she  throws herself at  happens to be gay    oops   . i just felt that all the characters needed to grow up and had a hard time caring for such shallow jerks . i think the author  s attempt was to demonstrate the utter banality and hollowness of the capitalist system . however  given that these characters are not typical of the average western family  it seems disingenuous .  
beast wars is a show that is over  hyped  overpraised and overrated . let  s meet the characters of this obnoxious show whose creators must have been on acid to try and make a show like this .  br    br   cheetor  seriously  they need to have censor bars on this guy . how come he dosen  t creep out the viewers having the same voice as baby taz   at least razzoff from rayman   hoodlum havoc is voiced by slip  slide  action blast  if you want a line of show that suck  get g  tranceformers cybertron  a show that should go down in a toilet . good job creators  sarcasm  show it self  retarded  boring  at least the super mario games are better  this show had a lot of followers sayin  bring it back  but i believe that it was cancelled for its own good .  
growing up with the beast wars transformers  i wasn  t very familiar with the original transformers  and now that i have seen the awesome movie  and now that i have seen the older cartoon on which it  s based  i have to say i like the original cartoon and the live action movie more than beast wars .  br    br   not that i don  t like the bw characters  i just think that characters like optimus prime are better than optimus primal .  br    br   i mean   autobots transform and roll out   sounds a lot better than  maximals maximize   the voice of the original optimus prime still makes me a strong believer that he  s a real commander  more so than optimus primal .  br    br   besides  powermaster optimus prime is a lot more powerful than optimal optimus . just look on the web   br    br   megatron in the bw character seemed more like a humorous version of the more evil version of him in the original series .  br    br   besides what  s cooler  robots changing into animals or robots changing into vehicles and spaceships  gimme the original transformers any day over beast wars   
  me and my sister have right now watch that movie . we have laugh to the deaf . can u imagine on covers there is nomination for oscar     first  musician have mix about    different style of music . . . and the music is not synchronized with the scenes and the character moves . . .  br    br      main character silvester do not fit in there . he look like mexican tarzan .  br    br       russian soldiers are everything but not russian faces         ok  the main points  . airplane called charter painted in black . . .  br    br    . what is an idea when rambo go to jump from the airplane  but he stuck  rope mix  . a girl  the best scene is when she dies . she means a lot to him . he knows her for ages  he cries for her  . . . o my god samurai  . how many arrows is he got  his arrow bag is always full of the arrows  i didn  t notice a scene where he collect them  but i have seen the scene where arrow stay in the vietnam solder head  that is very important  . how many rockets helicopter can hold     real one  i have seen  . but rambos have hit about   of them .  br    br    . the main part . what the russian special army helicopters do in vietnam          after the war   . first scene when he enter into vietnam  s camp . . . his first idea was to liberate the refuge who is standing on the tree on the open space  wow  what an idea than again  . with the knife u can cut the iron wire  maybe only made in vietnam   . mortar  using for hit one running man  o my god  u americans really need to learn about the weapons  do u know how much it takes to calibrate the mortar  i think writer have been watching to much movies from ii world war   
first of all  really kim basinger  your rich banker husband leaves you alone in your beautiful  most likely paid in cash for home  and you can  t even put on a decent shirt  i  m a woman  and yes  i  m going to come right out say it   clean something  starting with your hair . and while you  re at it  it  s christmas eve . buy your kids some presents . . . or at least a christmas tree . don  t drive   minutes to the crowded mall  park your car  miles away and cry about it the whole walk in  and simply buy wrapping paper . also  the next time you decide to leave someone a nasty note  don  t sign your name . i refuse to feel sorry for della . obviously  due to the fact that kim basinger is this masterpiece  s executive producer  she wants you to feel bad for the poor white blond woman . we get it . alec baldwin is a jerk  but seriously  don  t model horrible films after your own life . also  you  re in you   s . you definitely wouldn  t have  year old twins . and those names  terry and tammy . way to let your kids grow up with any decent chance of ever respecting themselves . it  s also pretty fantastic to hear the characters in the film constantly call her beautiful or refer to her as a  girl  . . . obviously ms . basinger had some say about what goes in the script . it  s also pretty awesome how none of the criminals can fight back . apparently  della  s magical ninja skills are impossible to beat . her driving skills are pretty nifty too . this film is so clich  it hurts . wahhhhh  they spelled your name wrong on the tea cup . or your husband put a hole in the wall but all you can think about is buying nail polish when you  re at the mall instead of maybe some plaster and paint . or the woman you went to high school with bought the teddy you were looking at . boohooo  the fact that she refuses to take off that bright trench coat while running through the woods screaming and breaking everything in her path proves my point   this woman is a moron . who thinks to grab the toolbox out of the car  but not their purse  full of identifying artifacts such as your address . i have never wanted the  bad guys  to succeed as much as when i watched this film . and did anyone else happen to catch the  african american  shirt the black guy was sporting  oh yes  rewind and feast your eyes on perhaps the most racially stereotypical prop in a film yet . don  t waste and hour and twenty minutes of your life . instead  go do what della couldn  t figure out how to do . . . take care of your kids  and maybe brush your hair . that powerful ballad at the end though was pretty impressive . singing  i  ll be home for christmas  in the rain while your bloody arm clings oh so tightly to your wrapping paper is about as emotional as it gets . thanks della   
whoever wrote the screenplay for this movie obviously never consulted any books about lucille ball  especially her autobiography . i  ve never seen so many mistakes in a biopic  ranging from her early years in celoron and jamestown to her later years with desi . i could write a whole list of factual errors  but it would go on for pages . in all  i believe that lucille ball is one of those inimitable people who simply cannot be portrayed by anyone other than themselves . if i were lucie arnaz and desi  jr .  i would be irate at how many mistakes were made in this film . the filmmakers tried hard  but the movie seems awfully sloppy to me .  
usually  any film with sylvester stallone is usually going to suck ass . rambo first blood part ii was no exception to this . the only movies that sylvester stallone were in that were good were rocky and first blood . this film is extreamly unrealistic  and boring . it has action  but not very good action . i didn  t enjoy watching it  and i would never ever watch this again . no wonder why it won the razzie award for worst picture . i would give this a      the only reason why it got the  was because it had somewhat good action  but not good enough .  
the summary pretty much sums it all up . this is nowhere near as good as the original . with a script co  written by both stallone and james cameron  at the same time he was also writing aliens  . most of the action was written by cameron and the political aspects were written by stallone .  br    br   sly was in the best condition physically as he was making this and rocky  and he does look in great shape or jacked up to the eyeballs on steroids  depending on your own viewpoint or opinion .  br    br   rambo starts off in prison and is visited by colonel trautman who asks him to go on a special mission that could earn him a presidential pardon . he eventually agrees and goes off to the briefing camp run by charles napier playing a washington suit trying to pass himself off as former ex  forces to placate rambo .  br    br   the mission is to find out if there are any missing pows still alive in camps in vietnam . rambo was chosen as the camp he was checking was somewhere he had previously been a prisoner himself . he is told it  s not a rescue mission and he is there to take recon photos only .  br    br   after a bad attempt at parachuting from a plane he loses most of his kit  meets his contact  who turns out to be a cute woman  and travels down river with pirates to the camp .  br    br   he finds there are still prisoners and rescues one . as the  flee from half the vietnamese army on their river boat they are betrayed by the pirates but rambo kills them all and they are forced to carry on to the pick  up point on foot after their boat is rammed and blown up with rambo almost on board .  br    br   rambo is betrayed again and abandoned as napier orders the recall of the rescue helicopter . it is clear as trautman returns to base to berate him that no survivors were expected to be found .  br    br   steven berkoff turns up as a russian spetznatz colonel and rambo is tortured and eventually escapes only to be pursued by more vietnamese troops and spetznatz . killing many of them  rambo finally steals a chopper and rescues most of the prisoners to return to his base .  br    br   he resists the urge to kill napier for abandoning him but destroys the ops centre .  br    br   a weak plot and very weak ending as rambo walks off into the sunset as a free man .  
by rights  there should never have been a  first blood part ii  . the original script for  first blood  had john rambo committing suicide at the end of the film  but this was changed to allow him to live  not because the producers wanted to make a sequel but because test audiences found the original ending too depressing . nevertheless  someone obviously thought that the character was too good to waste  because he ended up as the hero of two more films in the eighties  plus the recently released fourth instalment .  br    br   the official title of this film was  rambo first blood part ii   but it is more commonly known simply as  rambo  . it starts with the title character in jail  where he is presumably expiating the crimes he committed in  first blood   although this is never made too explicit . he is removed from prison by his former commanding officer  colonel trautman  for a secret mission . rambo is to return to vietnam to investigate reports that american pows are still being held captive by the communist regime . he is under strict instructions not to attempt to rescue any prisoners or to engage the enemy his is to be simply a fact  finding mission .  br    br   what rambo does not realise is that he is being set up  not by trautman  who is portrayed as brave  honourable and incorruptible  but by the organiser of the mission  a military bureaucrat named murdock . murdock intends that the mission will prove that there are no american prisoners in vietnam  partly because that will improve relationships between the american and vietnamese governments  partly because it will make his own life easier . unfortunately for murdock  rambo discovers that not only are americans still being held prisoner  they are also being kept in hellish conditions . of course  he is far too much of a hero to leave them to their fate  and tries to rescue them . the rest of the film is more or less one long battle between rambo and a few allies  including a beautiful vietnamese girl  and the evil commie soldiers and their russian allies . most of the evil commies  of course  end up dead  although i was surprised to learn from your  trivia  section that the total death toll was as low as   . at times it seemed as though rambo was trying to wipe out the entire vietnamese army .  br    br   the tone of this film is very different from the first . in  first blood  rambo was unquestionably a criminal  even though his responsibility for his crimes was lessened by severe provocation and by his mental instability . in  rambo  he is a bona fide all  american hero . a few years earlier the director  george pan cosmatos  had made  the cassandra crossing   a biased piece of left  wing anti  american propaganda . cosmatos  however  was nothing if not versatile  and  rambo  proves that he could also turn his hand to biased right  wing pro  american propaganda . the one thing the two films have in common is that both are laughably bad .  br    br    first blood  had its faults  but it also had its virtues . its stance  that the anti  war movement was partly to blame for the problems faced by vietnam vets in readjusting to civilian life  was a controversial one  but at least the film was trying to make a statement about war  social attitudes to war  and the roots of violence in society .  rambo   by contrast  has very few virtues  except that the action sequences are well enough done to please those who like that sort of thing . it is essentially a sort of jingoistic revenge fantasy for those americans who were still sore about the vietnam war . rambo re  fights the war single  handed  and this time the right side wins . take that  charlie cong   br    br   by this point  no doubt  the film  s admirers  and there seem to be plenty  more than      voters have already given it ten stars  will have concluded that i am a liberal commie  loving pinko . far from it  in fact  i have always despised communism as a pernicious ideology . what i dislike about the film is not its politics but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems  including ideological disputes  is to go in with all guns blazing and to try and kill as many people as possible . it makes no attempt to understand the political complexities of south  east asia or why not everyone in the region was pro  american . for all its anti  communism  the film is the sort of moronic sledgehammer propaganda that the communists were very good at churning out themselves  except that they attributed all the world  s problems to capitalism  or imperialism  or revisionism  or whatever other ism they had taken a dislike to . compared to  rambo    the green berets  was a masterly piece of political analysis .      
i think it  s time john rambo move on with his life and try to put vietnam behind him . this series is getting old and rambo is no longer a solider but a cold blooded killer . ever time he turns up on the screen someone dies . vietnam was not a fun place to be and frankly i am tired of hollywood making it seem like it was . this is not the worst of the films concerning vietnam  that honor goes to john waynes green berets . in any case john rambo carrying around a   cal machine gun taking on what seems to be half of the viet cong army plus a good many russians is an insult to watch . what is worse is rambos cheesy speech at the end . . . please   oh yeah i heard they are making another one . . .  
the ghost of the vietnam war has haunted the american psyche for thirty years now . if not because of the fact that tens of thousands of american soldiers went mia in vietnam  or the manner in which those who returned were treated  then because it was the first war that america could be said to have lost . many men came home from the war a shadow of their former selves  and the original first blood managed to provide a small insight into their problems as they attempted to rotate back into the world  as the saying goes . first blood part ii  on the other hand  is little more than a fist  pumping mess that goes to illustrate how sore america can be  both in victory and defeat . stallone puts in another sluggish performance as the titular special forces commando  while richard crenna attempts to hold up the serious actor quotient . where it all comes undone is in the script  which didn  t do any better when it was called missing in action and starred chuck norris . what little semblance of logic there was in the original is now gone  as the filmmakers decide to paint a big s on rambo  s massive chest .  br    br   the film picks up a little while after the end of first blood . the film  that is  the novel didn  t allow for the possibility of sequels . in this mediocre follow  up  rambo has been put to work at what appears to be some sort of open  air mine . as he is breaking rocks and working up a sweat  a prison guard pulls him away to go and have a chat with colonel trautman  who advises him that his government is willing to offer him an early release if he goes on a covert mission . rambo  never one to back down from a hard day  s violent work  accepts  and is promptly shipped off to a covert base in what appears to be cambodia or thailand  i forget which  . from there  he is commissioned to seek out a camp where american mias are supposedly being held  and photograph them . his mission quite clearly specifies that he is not to make any attempt to secure their release . rambo being rambo  however  has other ideas in spite of their possible political implications .  br    br   of course  things go somewhat awry when it turns out that the people commissioning rambo  s work have more interest in making sure no american mias are found . it is the age  old conspiracy theory  and makes no apologies for exploiting the plight of many an american family that was left without a son during the ten years that the official vietnam war had been raging for . of course  with the jingoism that was inherent in american society during the     s  they could not help but work in a plot tangent about the vietnamese army being in bed with what appears to be a single battalion of russians . together  the two antagonists attempt to extract what information they can from rambo  but it backfires upon them in an orgy of bullets  arrows  rockets  and destruction . about the only thing missing is the moment when rambo drinks from a grail  like chalice and declares himself invincible .  br    br   to be honest  first blood part ii is a well  photographed  and well  choreographed  action spectacle . the hand  to  hand combat with the larger russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has any dramatic tension whatsoever . the rest is simply a case of the lead actor and the director building a fantasy for americans to pump their fist to . fortunately  this fad of america ber alles action films soon died down when more introspective and intelligent war films such as platoon began doing the rounds . some of the kills shown here are quite creative  despite all the problems . the vietnamese commander meets an end that many an action film villain would envy . the russian commander bites it in a manner that is as spectacular as it is ridiculous . only in a     s action film would one see a law being used from inside a helicopter . sure  there have been action film clichs rooted in contradictions of fact  but never this ridiculous before .  br    br   i gave rambo first blood part ii a one out of ten . it is so bad it is ridiculous  and so ridiculous that it is often funny . one doesn  t even need to have served in the military to know how stupid some of the action sequences are . the only risk it takes is in trying to make a stupid political statement with what is a heartbreaking subject for those directly involved . keep the tongue firmly in the cheek  and it might be watchable .  
while the original first blood had its far  fetched moments  it was at least exciting in parts . in rambo first blood  part ii the emphasis is shifted very much onto comic  book action . plausibility is totally rejected logic nose  dives stallone becomes so impregnable that there can be no doubt he will succeed in his mission . just like any other wish  fulfilment actioner of that time  e . g . invasion usa  commando  red scorpion   rambo first blood  part ii cancels out its own opportunities for real excitement by presenting a hero too invulnerable to fear for . if you can tell from the word go that rambo is going to wipe out hundreds of enemy soldiers  what is left to get excited about   br    br   imprisoned after the events of the first movie  john j rambo  sylvester stallone  is offered a pardon if he will join a covert operation in the far east . the year is      and a mission is being arranged to find out if there are any american pows still trapped in the jungles of vietnam . rambo is encouraged to take the job by his old mentor colonel trautman  richard crenna   but the assignment is actually the brainchild of a government outfit fronted by marshall murdock  charles napier  . rambo  s job is merely to head for a prison camp in the jungle and check out if it contains any american pows  if it doesn  t  he is to rendezvous with a chopper if it does  he is to get photographic evidence of their existence so that they can be rescued at a later date . aiding him in his quest is a lady soldier with local knowledge  the beautiful and resourceful co bao  julia nickson  . sure enough  rambo discovers that there are pows in the camp  but he exceeds his orders by rescuing one of them when he reaches the rendezvous point  the rescue chopper abandons him on the orders of murdock who  it seems  doesn  t really want to find any pows because of the political and military implications . rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured  but following an explosive escape he sets out to free the pows and get his revenge on the treacherous murdock .  br    br   the few good points of the film come from jack cardiff  s polished photography  jerry goldsmith  s exhilarating score  and the sheer professionalism of the stunt team in performing various action antics . beyond these scant pickings  the film is a failure . the actors are reduced to macho posturing  the plot rings false  the action sequences are soulless and suspenseless  the dialogue is absurd even the violence becomes numbingly predictable . at the time of its release america was under the presidency of ronald reagan  a man with simplistic and near  hysterical anti  communist sentiments . for this reason  contemporary audiences lapped up this commie  bashing shooting  fest as if it was the greatest movie of all  time  transforming it into an undeserved box office success . thankfully times have changed  nowadays we can look upon it as a simple  minded action flick with a ludicrously high body count  ludicrously dumb politics  and a ludicrous hero .  
i don  t see much reason to get into this movie in much detail . sylvester stallone is once again john rambo  author and survivor of  a season in hell   recruited from prison by his only friend  major richard crenna  to secretly return to vietnam  take photos of the american prisoners believed to be still held in horrible camps  and return without engaging the enemy .  br    br   fat chance . what if he actually did nothing more than sneak in  take pics  and sneak out  who would come to see the movie   br    br   it  s essentially a celebration of stallone  s muscles . preparing for his mission  we see his well  oiled muscles bulging .  they are oiled and bulging throughout .  there is the ritual strapping on of black leather  ugly guns  and even uglier knives . the black guns are cleaned  assembled with loud clacks  and almost as oiled as stallone  s muscles . the bow is tested and  yes  it has enough poundage to drive a bolt through an enemy  s forehead . the knife is sharpened with slick snicks .  br    br   stallone and one of his pows are betrayed by one or two of the suits from washington  cynical politicians who  you can bet  were never even in a fist fight in grammar school . no guts  you know  just sit around with their feet on the desk and drink foreign beer .  br    br   the movie does what it set out to do  but what it set out to do is meretricious . it deliberately cashes in on the myth popular in the mid      s that there were uncountable numbers of mias quietly kept in wretched camps by the north vietnamese . the bumper stickers were ubiquitous .  free our mias .  why would they keep them  it was never quite reasoned out but perhaps to turn the pows into a slave labor force   in a country that has absolutely no resource other than labor . or maybe for their propaganda value as an instrument to humiliate the united states   a propaganda weapon that the vietnamese kept secret from the world .  br    br   as a captive  rambo is treated in a medieval fashion by the north vietnamese . dipped to his neck in pig excrement and then hauled out of it by his wrists  his muscles still on display . then  not content with subhuman vietnamese  a russian officer is brought in to play the part of the gestapo officer    vee haff vays of making you remember .  a high  tech type  the russian uses psychology and electricity  not just pig dump .  br    br   rambo returns and declares that he intends to drift aimlessly until  this country loves us as much as we love it   bringing up another myth that vets returning from vietnam were uniformly spat upon and cursed  which is why i guess we elected so many to the congress and appointed others to high  echelon positions . the last three losing presidential candidates were among that despised group . at least rambo  s aimless drifting left room open for a sequel  which arrived apace .  br    br   the action movies with schwarzenegger and willis and others were leavened by wisecracks but rambo is humorless . it marches dully through it  s phantasmal ideological swamp  killing without mercy  barely speaking  barely able to speak . to speak is a sign of weakness .  
i remember i loved this movie when it came out . i was   years old  had a commodore   and loved to play rambo on it . i was therefore really thrilled when i got to buy this movie really cheap . i put it in my vcr and started up man this movie is really bad  sylvester stallone says like  words in the entire movie  except for that awful sentimental speech at the end   and has the same expression on his face all the way . and that stupid love thing in the middle  it  s just so amazingly predictable . i just ended up fast forwarding the entire thing and went to exchange the movie for something else .  
as an army veteran  i was deeply offended by this film . in my opinion  it is a disgrace to those who fought in the vietnam war . to say that the real sf soldiers i knew were offended by this crap is an understatement . if the film were presented as satire or even as a cartoon  it was   it would have been better received . but it was taken seriously my many people  especially overseas . silly as it sounds  wherever i went in europe in the late    s people seemed to judge me and americans in general by this film . unrealistic  hmm  let  s see . a monosyllabic  muscle  bound cretin is pulled off a prison work gang to go on a secret mission to se asia to free some american pow  s . in a running battle he kills about    enemy soldiers with an m    machine gun that never runs out of ammo and never overheats . and he never misses  running with a   lb gun held up with one arm . i could go on  but i  m getting a headache . i gave this a     only because it  s slightly better than rambo iii .  
years ago  when i was a poor teenager  my best friend and my brother both had a policy that the person picking the movie should pay . and  while i would never pay to see some of the crap they took me to  i couldn  t resist a free trip to the movies  that  s how i came to see crap like the second conan movie and never say never again  now  despite this being a wretched movie  it is in places entertaining to watch   in a brain dead sort of way . and  technically the stunts and camera  work are good  so this elevates my rating all the way to a   so why is the movie so bad  well  unlike the first rambo movie  this one has virtually no plot  rambo himself only says about  words  other than grunts and yells   there is a needless and completely irrelevant and undeveloped  romance  and the movie is one giant  and stupid  special effect . and what stupifyingly awful special effects . while                  bullets and rockets are shot at rambo  none have any effect on him and almost every bullet or arrow rambo shoots hits its mark  and  while the bad guys are using ak    s  helicopters and rockets  in some scenes all rambo had is a bow and arrows with what seem like nuclear  powered tips   the scene where the one bad guy is shooting at him as he slowly and calmly launches one of these exploding arrows is particularly made for dumb viewers  it was wonderfully parodied in uhf starring weird al . plus  hot shots  part deux also does a funny parody of the genre   not just this stupid scene .  br    br   all  in  all  a movie so dumb and pointless  it  s almost like self  parody   
she may have an oscar and a golden globe  but this film shows why she also is a perennial razzie nominee . to do a film that is so bad must be an indication that she needs money . she could do ads on why you shouldn  t talk on a cell phone while driving  especially at night on the way to a crowded mall .  br    br   susan montford should stick to producing  shoot  em up  as she is not very good as a writer  director .  br    br   she is accosted by four thugs in the mall parking lot  and the first thing they do is tell her they have a gun . what does she do  she starts pushing and cursing them like she knows martial arts or something . she manages to get away  but gets lost in the forest after crashing . why didn  t she run to someones house  we get four thugs with guns chasing a lady with a toolbox . of course  their guns are no match for her wrench . ha  of course  she also has a tire iron and a screwdriver . those poor thugs .  br    br   now  she  s home for christmas  and she brought a gun   
this movie is a joke and must be one of the worst movies stallone ever made . this is a typical   s movie where you have one man destroying the whole army by himself .  first blood pt .   is very similar to schwarzenegger  s  commando   but there you have arnold killing the terrorist while here you have a specific nation showed as the bad guys . this movie is a typical american anti  soviet propaganda . true  this was the peak of the cold war  but i  m sick of having communists or the nazis always being shown as the enemy . there are so many american movies that have this one thing in common . why can  t there a movie that show americans as the enemy  who  s going to believe that one lone soldier will destroy the whole army  do you really think that something like this would have really happened  by the looks of it  an average  brain washed american viewer certainly would .  
george p . cosmatos   rambo first blood part ii  is pure wish  fulfillment . the united states clearly didn  t win the war in vietnam . they caused damage to this country beyond the imaginable and this movie continues the fairy story of the oh  so innocent soldiers . the only bad guys were the leaders of the nation  who made this war happen . the character of rambo is perfect to notice this . he is extremely patriotic  bemoans that us  americans didn  t appreciate and celebrate the achievements of the single soldier  but has nothing but distrust for leading officers and politicians . like every film that defends the war  e . g .  we were soldiers   also this one avoids the need to give a comprehensible reason for the engagement in south asia . and for that matter also the reason for every single us  american soldier that was there . instead  rambo gets to take revenge for the wounds of a whole nation . it would have been better to work on how to deal with the memories  rather than suppressing them .  do we get to win this time   yes  you do .  
an offensively over  the  top action adventure  first blood part ii seemed to catch the mood of the us at the time of it  s release in the mid     s  with right  wing reaganism and virulent anti  red feelings still not finished yet  though the emergence of a certain mikhail gorbachev in the heart of the  evil empire  in moscow would soon render these types of films redundanteven reagan himself eventually admitted this truism .  br    br   in that sense  we can be most grateful to  gorby   not for his disarmament treaties with the us  nor his policies of  glasnost   or even his support of democracy being restored to the eastern european countries in the former soviet union  s backyard . no  it  s the final diminution of foolish  jingoistic  bloated cold  war adventures like this . the first rambo film was hardly perfect  though at least was a mildly literate and adequate action thriller with a not too bad storyline . in this sequel  any sense of even the remotest conviction is instantly jettisoned for silly  senseless plotting and incident in which rambo single  handedly takes on scores of brainlessly stereotyped vietnamese and russian troops to rescue american pow  s ten years after the conflict ended  with the americans on the losing side .  br    br   perhaps the reason why the film was a huge box  office success was to let many americans wallow in fantasythey may have lost the war  but there was still unfinished business at hand  and ludicrous comic  strip heroics with a robot  like hero killing virtually every red on sight  with as much hardware as possible  fulfilled such whimsically far  fetched ideals .  br    br   this could have been entertaining on a superman  spiderman level  but sadly everything is played absolutely straight . but that is not to say that there is no humour in the filmsadly it is virtually all of the unintentional kind . the action scenes  though technically adequate  never once carry the slightest bit of conviction or persuasiveness  because they are always placed in the most spectacularly unbelievable of contextsnamely  our hero rambo is always unscathed  aside from a few cuts and bruises here and there  despite the tons of explosives  grenades  gunshots  etc . going around him .  br    br   in between the mayhem  what there is of a script consists of the dullest clichs and banalities . stallone  who co  wrote the script with james cameron  a long way from the exciting terminator made the previous year   deliberately seems to have given the rambo character as little to say in understandable english  and merely comes out with moronic grunts  almost as though he has invented his own brand of patois only understandable to himself . maybe his colleague cameron was thinking of the terminator again with so little communication involved for the lead character  in this sense rambo seems even less of a human than the terminator did  the rest of the cast do little better with good actors like charles napier and richard crenna doing their admirable best with the hackneyed dialogue they are given  and steven berkoff hamming it up outrageously yet again with another of his russian kgb  red army villain roles . berkoff  s overplaying is mildly enjoyable but not remotely menacing . how come that sly managed to survive berkoff  s electric shock torture to kill yet more of those red commie scumbags  well  credibility is never this film  s strong point . it is a work of fantasy comparable with the wizard of oz . at least that was meant to be a fantasy  and an immortal classic it turned out to be . this is only a classic of the most dismal  and indeed offensive  kind . and as for sly  s climactic speech . . .  rather hypocritical after slaughtering all those people  eh  by the way  in the same year  he also made rocky iv . . . . . . . . . .  br    br   rating  out of   .  
like  first blood   this attempts to make a point about the treatment of vietnam vets  but there really isn  t much time for that in between the monotonous gunfire  burnings  stabbings  torture and explosions as an impossibly indestructible rambo takes out half of asia  a ton of vietnamese soldiers  most of the russian army  various vehicles and anything else he can point a rocket launcher at . the only woman in the middle of all these boys toys is soon bumped off  allowing the testosterone to reach dangerous levels and the script to degenerate into a succession of loud noises . helpfully supplying a few hackneyed musical cues is jerry goldsmith  who carefully checks off all the clichd themes from russian rat  a  tat to chinese ching  chang  chong just in case we don  t quite understand who we  re looking at . stallone has a brain in his head this empty nonsense is beneath him .  
well what i can say about this movie is that it  s great to see so many asian faces . what i didn  t like about the film was that it was full of stereotypes of what typical racial characters would do in their role . the asian girl without confidence who has to play someone else to get ahead  the white guy infatuated with asian culture and chooses to leave his white world behind for the land of yellow and the  keeping it real  black cab driver . plus all the coke  shanghai tang and dunkin donuts product placement was a bit too obvious . the story plot itself was fun but pretty much how i thought the story would unravel . then again when watching romantic comedies you can  t expect much but then again i would have been wanted to just be surprised at least once . the parents are the best part of the flick .  
in what i can say was a theft of my time i was taken to see this movie and i must say what a horrible experience . fay ann lee is a terrible actress and is unconvincing in this movie . larryjoe   is obviously a shill reviewer . the plot is thin to say the least  the cantonese dialog is not funny . see this movie at your peril .  br    br   david tang from shanghai tang should be after the movie for the little or no revenue this movie will generate . the banal plot attempts to compete with other rom  coms out there  and just blends into the scenery . it was like watching paint dry .  br    br   in short this movie was a total waste of time and space . i  ve seen better movies on youtube .  
don  t get me wrong  i love david suchet as poirot . i love the series as well as the movies but enough already re death on the nile . everyone has done this one  we know who dies . we know why they die . we know who the killer is . we know how it was done . so i say enough already  mr . suchet could have used that awesome talent in another one of agatha christie  s novels . i will say that the acting by all the actors was superb . the sets were terrific and very realistic . i especially liked david soul but i was surprised at how  awful  he looked . i hope he doesn  t look that way in  real  life  i honestly can  t remember from other movies whether the very end was the same . somehow i don  t think so . i thought that was a rather brilliant touch whether or not ms . christie wrote it that way . i would much rather have that ending then wasting away in prison   
as low budget indies go  you will usually find that you get what you pay for  and let me just say  i didn  t pay much for  frightworld  . . .  br    br   writer  director david r . williams brings us the story of an abandoned amusement park  besieged by the vengeful spirit of a slain serial killer . not a bad premise  but executed with a bevy of low budget mistakes . the camera work tries to be too cleaver for it  s audience  by constantly using shaky quick  cuts to cover the fact that they really have nothing gory or scary to show us . this becomes evident right off the bat  as we are introduced to the would  be killer  and soon realize that the  acting  is the scariest thing happening . . . after a painfully long title sequence we are brought back to modern times  yet the acting remains the same .  frightworld  does generate some rather unique cinematography when showing scenery from inside the fun  house  but with an extremely long running time  it can  t save the film from it  s below average indie hell .  br    br   there is some mediocre nudity  but not much for gore  which is usually the saving grace for these types of movies .  br    br   fans of really bad b  movies might find something of interest here  otherwise  don  t spend a lot of cash .  
very bad . very  very bad . as a fellow who aspires to make  be in or  at least  sniff the catering table at a movie set  i find it hard to criticize independents who actually got a movie of any sort made . however  this movie . . . oh dear .  br    br   realizing frightworld doesn  t aspire to anything more than crude exploitation  an honorable thing in itself  and to try to make it conform to more mainstream standards is a mistake . and to be fair  it is more entertaining than  say  red zone cuba . . . but not by much . so i won  t try to critique  just let me ask throw out some observations .  br    br     if gore is the point of the movie  shouldn  t you be able to see it   br    br     if you have hire three sound men make sure at least one knows how to operate the equipment .  br    br     in a horror movie your lead maniac must be scarier than a smurf doll . difficult i know but really . . .  br    br     there is a lot of talented videographers in the buffalo  rochester area  most you can hire really cheap . get one who knows how to frame a scene .  br    br     just because you have someone who knows how to use after effects and other cool programs doesn  t mean he should do so every two seconds .  br    br     kudos for getting the girls to take off their tops but next time  get girls who  s tops we want to see taken off .  br    br     editing should help tell the story or set a mood . at the least in this sort of movie editing should sell the gore gags . a chainsaw suddenly appearing in a characters stomach is not scary  it  s sloppy .  br    br   some good things . not all the acting was bad . jack was pretty good and i liked acid once she started fighting back . there was some neat imagery  unfortunately it was thrown up on the screen without rhyme or reason .  acid poptart  is a name that deserves a better movie . i like the moxie of frightworld too . next time  now that they have a movie of sorts under their belts  i hope all involve aspire to something better than colman francis . upgrade at least ed wood .  
this was a weird movie . it started out pretty good . a solid sound track behind flash images of gore and mayhem as our psychopath did his thing .  br    br   next comes his  down fall  here i could tell i was in for a real cheesy  b  movie . poor acting  i mean how hard is it to hold a gun and act like a cop  these guys could not . after the death scene of our psychopath we get the opening credit and the movie starts . . .  br    br   from this point on it is bad acting big boobs  the occasional bucket of blood and poorly done death scenes .  br    br   that said i gave the movie a four because in spite of its flaws it did maintain a sort of creepiness that i just could not quite shake off .  br    br   i do not recommend this movie but i have to admit i have seem worse .  
i remember the days in which kim basinger was nothing more than a pretty face who adorned movies with typical characters of dumb blondie  romantic interest or damsel in danger . but  everything changed when she won an academy award as best supporting actress for her role in the excellent movie l . a . confidential  and i think i was not the only one who was surprised by her solid performance . however  after that moment  her career did not follow the ideal path . sure  the prestige she won thanks to that movie made her to participate on moderately prestigious movies  like people i know or the door in the floor   but we have never seen her again on a substantial character . the movie while she was out does nothing to put her on that situation and it is not only that her character is not too tasty  but also that the movie is really crappy . the screenplay from this movie could not be more hollow and basic . however  basinger brings some conviction to her character  and that makes this poor movie to win a few points . this movie is full of clichs and generic villains . the work of director susan montford is truly disastrous for many reasons but mainly  because the movie never gets a good rhythm and tone . the ending from this movie is extremely ridiculous . i do not recommend while she was out at all . this film commits the capital sin of being boring .  
this movie is actually worse than most movies i  ve ever suffered through  and i  ve suffered through a lot . absolute nonsense . it  s got terrible  forced dialogue pointless plot developments really drawn out  spooky imagery  scenes  which look more like a high school remedial art project than a horror movie     at best attractive women long  boring sex scenes involving said women  forget what you know about virgins  especially ones with lop  sided fake breasts   muttered  difficult to understand speech from some of the characters and they actually used the masks from killer klowns from outer space during a masturbation scene  which should be a saving grace because that movie was pretty funny  but it isn  t . veden fell is the lamest bad guy in the history of film .  br    br   absolutely give this one a miss .  
with the exception of the sound none of the above are really criticisms for this type of no budget   truly  independent horror film . make up effects and gore are very good and the lead actor was effective  the lead actress although attractive needs some coaching as she was particularly poor .  br    br   the major problem with frightworld is it  s length  at    minutes its half an hour too long to be effective as a slasher movie  plot wise only about ten minute of the first fifty are relevant .  br    br   in places it is visually engaging and sometimes the lack of lighting works in the films favour . however when this is combined with the poor sound as is the case with most of the film large sections are difficult to watch .  br    br   this could certainly be an entertaining if unoriginal  serial killer back from the dead  movie with some judicious and ruthless editing  in its current form it plays like an unfinished rough cut .  
  honestly  barbra  i know it  s you who  s klicking all those  no  s on my review .   times   how many people did you have to instruct to help you out here  don  t you have anything better to do  like look at yourself in the mirror all day    br    br   steven spielberg told barbra that this was  the best movie i  ve seen since  citizen kane   . that pretty much says it all  and serves as a dire warning   br    br   what are the ingredients for a sure  fire cinematic disaster  and one that will haunt you  never letting you forget the tears of both laughter and pain  the ingredients barbra streisand  s face  a musical  feminism  barbra streisand  s voice  barbra streisand directing  and an ultra  corny  idiotic premise .  br    br   hollywood is full of egomaniacs  this much we know . in fact  nearly everyone  by definition  has to be an egomaniac in hollywood . why would anyone want to act  for the  art     well  if you  re dumb enough to believe what they tell you in their carefully prepared interviews and streisand has the biggest ego of them all  this is quite an achievement . to be surrounded by narcissistic cretins  and yet to manage to top them all  remarkable .  br    br   the movie  like all her  solo  endeavors  is an ego trip straight out of hell . every scene streisand is in is automatically ruined . stillborn . but as it that weren  t enough  she sings a whole bunch of streisandy songs  you know  the kind that enabled the mariah careys  the celine dions  and the whitney hustons of this world to poison our precious air  waves for decades now . just for that she deserves not one but    south park episodes mocking her .  br    br   the premise  streisand dressing up as a man to study to become a rabbi  sounds like a zany zaz comedy . apart from it being a clich  the obvious problem is that streisand doesn  t look like a woman nor does she look like a man  in fact i  m not even sure she  s human . the way she looks in this movie  well it cannot be described in words . e . t . looks like a high  school jock by comparison . she looks more alien than michael jackson in the year     . she looks horrible .  br    br   the songs . they made me shiver . particularly  papa can you hear me squeel like a demented female walrus in heat   and  tomorrow night i  ll prepare the sequel  yentl   the return of the bitch  .  br    br   did you know that streisand considered having a nose  job early on in her career  but changed her mind when they told her her voice might change  can you believe that  she should have done it  killing two flies with one swipe  that  s what it would have been .  br    br   if you  re interested in reading my biographies of barbra streisand and other hollywood intellectuals  contact me by e  mail .  br    br   should barbra streisand finally go into retirement  click  yes  or  no  .  
i remember when this piece of trash came out  all the newspapers were squawking about how it had taken barbra streisand years to get the film made . well it couldn  t have taken that many years the play only opened in      eight years previously . it made a broadway star of the great actress tovah feldshuh  who probably should have been cast in the film  but nooooo . . . the great star barbra had to do it her way . and with music no less  this film is a total disaster from start to finish . for one thing  barbra was forty years old when she made it and she looked every minute of it . there was no way anyone could possibly swallow her as a young girl yearning to study torah . and then when she dresses up as a boy it gets campy . i get the impression that streisand could not bear to be unattractive so she played around with the make  up she is prettier as a boy than she is as a girl . and as if that is not bad enough  she gets involved with both her schoolmate avigdor  mandy patinkin  whose best moment is the shot of his naked rear end  and his fiance  amy irving  who does her usual sleepwalker routine  a bit of schtick the poor woman always resorts to when the director ignores her and she does not know what she is doing  . yentl even goes so far as to marry the girl i won  t even bother to mention the  wedding night  scene .  br    br   then there is the music . nine totally forgettable songs  all sung by streisand via voice  over  presumably as a look inside her mind   and each one as intrusive and irritating as fingernails on a blackboard .  br    br   i won  t say that streisand does not show a glimmer of promise as a director here some of the visuals are lovely  patinkin  s backside especially   and she has a good eye for balance . the problem with this movie is that she won  t get out of her own way . i did not believe her for one second in the title role she should never have added the songs  and on top of that the whole mess goes on for two hours and fifteen minutes . i was sick of the whole sorry mess after forty  five minutes .  br    br   awful  awful  awful .  
barbara streisand directs and stars in this very jewish story .  br    br   to have a chance at obtaining an education  babs enthusiastically disguises herself as a boy which isn  t the most difficult thing to do since she already looks like a boy  anyway . at her new school she meets many male classmates who have no trouble at all in believing she  s a guy .  br    br   don  t miss the best of many moments of unintentional humor when babs  male friend thinks she  s a man  but pins  him  to the ground  sits on top of  him   and looks affectionately into  his  eyes . . . . snicker .  br    br   mediocre film splashy story about nothing particularly interesting .  
my personal vision of hell is being locked in a room without the ability to close my eyes or block my ears and have this movie play for eternity on every available surface in that room . the whole notion that streisand plays a boy  man only begins to scratch the surface of how ridiculous a premise this movie is . the single most important thing about watching any movie is the concept of  willing suspension of disbelief  . . . it is impossible to do that in this movie .  
i know  i know   plan  from outer space  is the worst movie  or maybe  manos  the hands of fate .  but i can  t get worked up over those sock  monkey movies . of course they  re bad . how could they be any good  but if you  re talking about movies with respectable production values and bankable talent  the t . rex of all turkeys has to be  yentl .  all the treacly phoniness  all the self  absorbed asininity  that stains everything barbra streisand has done since      reaches its culmination in this movie . from its lonely summit of awfulness   yentl  looks back to  a star is born  and forward to  the mirror has two faces .  there is nothing else quite like it . what emotional undertow dragged streisand out to make this movie i would rather not speculate  and what audience she was playing to i cannot possibly imagine  although i  ll bet there  s a nine in ten chance you aren  t a member of it .  br    br   nobel prize  winner and saintly guardian of yiddish literature isaac bashevis singer was so outraged by what streisand did to his story that he blasted her in public for it . it is a tribute to streisand  s impenetrable vulgarity that she not only didn  t commit suicide  but went on to make more awful movies .  
this might be the worst film ever made  and is possibly worth seeing for that reason alone . streisand is laughably unbelievable as a young woman posing as a man in order to study judaism . the soundtrack is torturous  featuring barbara belting out some of the weakest blather ever put to film . and don  t even get me started on the plot . you will actually get more chuckles out of this film than many comedies because it is soooooooo terrible . the rampant ego of streisand  thinking she could somehow raise this stinker to oscar heights  led to this disaster . i  m pretty sure the novelist  isaac bashevis singer  hated this film and never forgave streisand . i can  t blame him . this movie is like watching a car wreck in slow motion for two hours with the soundtrack of  the sound of music  being played backwards on an old turntable . it  s truly that bad . i  m amazed that anyone from streisand enjoyed this movie on the level that it was intended .  
a seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating . the premise seems simple enough yentl  a girl interested in studying the talmud  wants to go to school . but only boys are allowed to study  so after her father  s death she decides to disguise herself as a boy to get in . she does and becomes close friends with avigdor  who is to be married to a beautiful woman named hadass . hadass  family learns avigdor  s brother committed suicide  and the wedding is called off . yentl  now calling herself anschel  is then selected to marry hadass . she does but it is never consummated . yentl  anschel and avigdor go away for a few days  and yentl  anschel reveals her secret to him . the movie ends with avigdor returning to  and marrying   hadass  and yentl going to america to continue her studies although she will have to continue to do so in disguise .  br    br   the plot above seems interesting at first for a movie over  hours long  but there are several things that ruin it . for starters  there is the constant singing .  i can already hear the critics shouting .  yes  i know this is a musical so there are supposed to be lots of songs and dance numbers . but the movie could have been improved if it were directed and played without them . the songs become tedious after a while  and there isn  t as much dancing as one would expect . many of the songs are forgettable  with no real memorable lyrics  and those with any significance could easily have been substituted by a voice  over . only one song stands out from the rest   papa can you hear me  . it is obvious that most of the others were deliberately placed so streisand could simply have a reason to show off her vocal abilities every five to ten minutes . chances are anyone who will see this film will already know what a superb singer and actress she is  so the songs really aren  t necessary .  br    br   second  streisand  s makeup  which can be seen during her scenes as a man  the lipstick  enhanced lashes  and traces of blush are all obvious  makes it hard for the audience to believe in the yentl  anschel character  that she is actually serious  and fooling her new friends  colleagues  and even hadass  into believing she is a man . yet we are asked and expected to believe that very thing . there seems to be a contradiction  as her character talks  or rather sings  of how she doesn  t think she can pull it off  but is surprised that everyone seems to be fooled because she is wearing men  s clothing . this means that we are then expected to believe the other characters are so naive they can  t see the other differences  such as her actions  which are clear giveaways . the facial differences alone cannot be included  as other characters in the film mention that some of their male relatives or friends didn  t have a beard or other facial hair . nevertheless  in the     s  if a woman dressed as a man  but wore as much makeup as streisand  s character did  and still tried to pass herself off as a man solely because she wore men  s clothing  it would have been deemed unacceptable and caused an outrage . chances are she would probably be forced to leave the town  or even the country . therefore the  feminine  makeup on streisand does not lend to the character  s credibility  and only weakens the plot . if it was only applied to make streisand look more beautiful  it should have been scrapped .  br    br   thirdly  when yentl  anschel herself reveals who she truly is toward the end  we are then asked to believe that the other characters are not as smart as streisand  s and only when they learn the  truth  do they become a little wiser . by now it becomes more and more apparent that the whole plot is so far fetched that it is nothing more than a custom  made vehicle for streisand to fuel .  br    br   lastly  there are those who are fans of streisand who will find no fault with this film  its plot  or the songs . to those i must respectfully disagree . while she has excellent vocal and acting abilities  i am not a  fan  of her style of singing . however  i have enjoyed many of her other features including musicals . there are even some songs of hers that i like  so i am not a  hater  nor have set out to bash her . i have written this review from an honest perspective  from someone who has tried their best to watch this movie  several times even  and has noted the problems within . if streisand was interested in creating a great or even believable film  she could have done so here by not injecting her need to show off and prove how talented  beautiful and smart she is at nearly every turn . this movie does nothing more than hurt her abilities  make her appear self  absorbed  and thus turn the film into a laugh  fest unworthy of her fans or audience .  
this movie started out good  i felt like i was watching an adult version of seinfeld . much to quickly i started questioning the situations and actions of the main characters  and found no answers to why they were doing what they were doing . all the acting was superb but only a few scenes had brief moments where they were actually funny . dan cortese was amazing . i loved him in this role . his agent should show this movie to casting agents . watch the first few scenes and then find something better  or else you will find yourself totally lost in this mess . i found this in a bin at a video store . it cost me two dollars and due to the rareness of this movie i feel like it was a good price .  
this is one seriously disturbed movie . even though the boys deserved some of what they got . . . . . the sadistic gruesome executions were  slightly  over the top . the only character showing some conscience early in the hunt was killed off before he could offer some help to the sad plot .  br    br   at the beginning of the movie  there looked to be some promise of a mediocre affair  but this was just a ploy to lull the viewers into a false sense of security  before the joy of what was to come .  br    br   the only thing that could have saved the movie for me was if jack nicholson had jumped out of the bushes and yelled   and  where is the batman   . kim basinger could have screamed .  br    br   now that would have been cool   
michael williams  who works for bbc  finds a somehow impressive italian picture which gets mixed in the material of his ongoing task titled diabolical art a documentary . but since his wife  s mysterious death her daughter  emily  has been emotionally disturbed  so he goes spoleto  where the problematic picture is  with her and her nanny  jill . and there is a countess  who is also a psychic  and she informs him that the picture was somehow made at the night that a young witch named emilia was executed . michael doesn  t believe her story  but after that emily has hysterical spasm and jill is killed . . . this italian film is  of course  almost innocently influenced by the exorcist  but this one is much cheaper  much simpler  and in a sense  much dirtier . first of all  it should be said this film is full of confusion . for instance  the story shows emily is a reincarnation of emilia . but when emily sees her in the flashbacks  she perceives her exclusively from a third  person  s point of view . but if she is the reincarnation of emilia  she should and must see the past from nothing but emilia  s point of view . confusions of this kind  which the film has many  are almost exclusively based upon a problematic fact that the film is too cowardly  rather than ambivalent  to specify its own quasi  freudian theme  namely  pre  adolescent girl  s one  way incestuous wish . to make matters worse  this film also has characteristic problem  if not confusion   every character is too naive and helpless to be realistic and  or believable living human . regarding emily  or emilia   she is after all a child  and one can say it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naiveness and helplessness .  and according to the freudian theory  every girl wants to have her father  s child  ren  in her own way . in this sense  emily is not exclusively pathological only her way of excluding other women from her father  s love is problematically pathological . but  as i already mentioned  this film per se is too cowardly to be freudian .  the problem is that adult characters are as childish and naive and helpless as emily is . and because of this characteristic weakness even the psychic who can see almost everything cannot do anything down  to  earth  and because of the same weakness the very story of the film is ended in a badly escapist way . in addition  special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and laughable . although stelvio cipriani  s music is noteworthily beautiful  indeed this one is so good that it seems to be worth having it alone   the film as a whole is nothing but a cheap b  film which can disappoint even the     s   italian  horror  film  lovers .  
i saw this movie  and at times  i was unnerved believing this movie  saw me .  munchie sullies the  farce  for years to come . re  watch star wars  don  t  watch munchie .  br    br   as a responsible parent  i  m speaking to those who are parents now   i  you  would not let my  your  child ever partake of this video festival of the pseudo  occult . to insinuate munchie is satanic  to a co  viewer  is likely to illicit a chilled  duh .  he is fiendish  alien  rodential  and wholly malevolent  like the bogey man made flesh  invisible to adults  tempting children with lifestyles they could never afford  without the income made possible by years of self denial and prudent stewardship  . he is a peddler of easy answers  and false ideals . he is everything the morally conscious viewer is not . he is the devil  s own ron popeil .  br    br   i pray  i mean this literally and figuratively  with an emphasis on the former  that this movie has not made the format jump to dvd . it is my hope that this type of  yellow film making  died an un  mourned death in the cold nights of     .  br    br   munchie also loves pizza . i forgot to mention that . it comes up a lot .  
terrible story  poor acting and no humour at all  apart from the final joke at the end   br    br   some sort of ugly angel is sent to earth to save a boy and his mum from being thrown out of their home . supposed to be a kiddies movie  but even they will not be amused by this terrible film  
i just don  t see how a concorde  new horizons film directed by jim wynorski and featuring the acting talents of andrew stevens and a puppet could be bad . it just boggles the mind  doesn  t it   br    br   well  let  s make no mistake about it .  munchie strikes back  is indeed a bad film . munchie is a puppet who has been around for many centuries . for reasons not fully explained until the end of the film  he is sent to earth to help a single mother and her son . the mom  s problem  her main problem at least  is that she has a balloon payment due on her mortgage in two weeks . . . to the not  so  tiny tune of        . ouch . she can  t come up with the money because she just got fired . ok . . . just is the key word in that sentence . what the . . .  was she planning on paying it off with a single paycheck  maybe it would  ve been a good idea to have spent the last several years saving up for it . . . ya think   br    br   munchie has magical powers similar to those a genie would possess . . . but there isn  t a limit on the number of wishes you can make  munchie gets the boy a bunch of fancy stuff for one night but then the kid asks for it to be sent back to the mall munchie was  borrowing  it from . the annoying furball also uses his otherworldly skills to help the boy win a baseball game by means of cheating . a baseball is hit so hard that it orbits the earth several times . sadly  those dumb parents watching the game don  t think it  s at all strange . hmm .  br    br   anyway  i  d like to wrap this up because this has already drained away enough of my lifeforce as it is . you  ll be truly moved by the scene where leslie  anne down  playing the mother  kicks a dog which is yapping at her . your heart will melt at her charm when she notices dollar bills fluttering down on her front yard and she wonders how it could be snowing during the summer .  munchie strikes back   s credits promised another film to follow entitled  i believe   munchie hangs ten  . to date  the movie viewing public has been robbed of what would surely have been a cinematic tour de force . heh .      
i think that it was just pointless to produce a second part of a movie like  my girl  .  my girl  was a very good movie but it is ridiculous making a second part of a movie in which one of the main characters  macaulay culkin as thomas j .  dies . the story was over after the first movie . i wonder why someone tried to find a way to make the story going on . that was senseless   
if you want to know what kind of music white people listened to in      this is the movie for you . but you  ll have to listen to a lot of flutes and violins  too  see my remarks on my girl  for the reference  .  br    br   indulgent admission i approached my girl  with cynicism and annoyance  having just viewed its predecessor . but as an adoptee preparing to finally set upon a search for my birthmother  my girl  made me look  with its theme of searching for mother .  br    br   put another way  anything i liked about my girl  had nothing whatsoever to do with my girl   but relating to a protagonist who asks  like so many adoptees   who  s my mama   and if there are home movies of my mom in an acting troupe  i  ll be sure to make my own movie about it .  br    br   people are listless . movies should not be listless . my girl   like my girl   is just . . . listless .  br    br   avoid unless you  re a complete sap who  s comforted by a series of small annoyances .  
quite simply this shouldn  t have been made . it  s predictable and clichd . the on screen chemistry which made the first  my girl  so captivating is nowhere to be found here  and the acting as a whole is stilted and forced . the writing also leaves much to be desired  some of the  memorable  lines such as  earpeircing a barbaric custom  are just shocking . where  my girl  provoked a genuine feelings of sadness and some genuinely funny moments  like so many sequels  my girl   tries to recreate these emotions generated by the audience  and fails miserably . maybe i  m being hard on this film because of how great the first one was  but quite honestly it insults the quality of the original with the sort of drivel this installment serves up . surely this has to come close to  son of the mask  as being one of the worst sequels of all time . in both cases  the old saying rings true  if it ain  t broke  don  t fix it  .  
original claymation rudolph pretty good . original frosty cartoon needs a little work  but could be worse . but frosty and rudolph together on the fourth of july  c  mon  give me a break    this was one movie that shouldn  t have been made . it was bad . it didn  t really go for any holiday in particular  except july  . that made it especially bad since frosty and rudolph are usually associated with the christmas season . and any movie can be ruined by too much singing . the frequent songs made this movie seem a lot longer than it really was . the movie tried mixing two familiar chirstmastime characters with an american traditional holiday  which almost seems to  limit  it to america   too many pointless songs  and a lousy plotline . the result  a bad movie that can  t really be watched at any time of year . i would suggest you forgo this movie even if you like frosty and rudolph .  
a concept with potential  and it was fun to see these two holiday icons together  but . . .  br    br   rudolph  s glowing nose didn  t require the  explanation  offered in this film  much like the force in the star wars films didn  t need the explanation of  medichlorians in the bloodstream .  but mainly  the film left me cold because of winterbolt  s over  complicated plot to destroy santa . he  s got the power to put suggestions into people  s minds  so why does he do things in such a roundabout way  breaking the magic of rudolph  s nose  framing rudolph  threatening to melt the frosty family . . . the comedically exaggerated plots of pinky and the brain and  phineas and ferb  s  dr . doofenshmirtz  which are done that way on purpose and played for laughs  seem simple and straightforward compared to winterbolt  s  which we  re expected to take somewhat seriously .  br    br   there is a particularly  and amusingly  strange moment when a character throws her two guns at the bad guy  like boomerangs . i understand if they don  t want to have guns being shot in a family film  but then why have guns in the first place   
ever since i was eight years old i have been a big wrestling fan . it didn  t matter what federation i watched . wwe  wcw  uswa . to me the action is all i watched it for .  br    br   may   rd     . that was my   birthday . i ordered over the edge and i was just expecting another pay per view . but this time . i was wrong . instead that was the night one of the best wrestlers to come out of canada a true human being fell to his death due to a stunt gone wrong . not much you can do to change the situation . but what happened affter owens death made me very mad .  br    br   rather then ending the pay per view and doing the right thing as human beings the wwe decided to protect what comes first and that was the money by keeping the pay per view going as if owens death never happened .  br    br   i gotta tell you . vince mchmaon has made some stupid decisions in his life but this was by far the stupidest decision he ever made .  br    br   and this crap with saying owen would have wanted the pay pew view to keep going . give me a break . when someone dies on a pay pew view its comon sense to stop it . thats like a police officer shooting a robber or a mugger with a run and then just leaving the man to die so he can go home and call it a day as if the mans life never mattered .  br    br   but no matter what happens . owen will be missed and thanks for the memories for all the times you gave us .  
what a weekend . two days ago i watched the first half of  war games   dead code   now  while she was out  . i am trying to come to a decision which one was worse in terms of pain in my mind while watching . i guess   while she was out  was worse .  br    br   it has all been said before in other comments unrealistic  illogical etc .  the only thing i really have to add is that at some point i started feeling more for the evil guys than for the woman because i would have recommended her for a darwin award if she actually died  only watched first half  so i don  t know  . soon i was at two darwin awards  if that  s even possible  for her immense stupidity .  br    br   and  hey produced by kim basinger  so she did not only know the script but was also responsible for bringing this waste of money to us  the people  i consider humans who waste considerable amounts of money to be evil because the money could have used to feed and clothe quite a few people instead of hurting   percent of those who saw it in the cinema and giving   percent  which are idiots  a good opportunity to show just how much of an idiot they are .  
not to long after jeff jarrett left the wwf for good he spoke of that night . owen hart and him where good friends and both  nd generation wrestlers . jeff first remarks  i was literally pushed thru the curtain as my lifeless friends body was wheeled past me  . debra mcmichael  steve austin  s ex wife as well as steve mondo mcmichael ex wife  .   br    br   as owen hart fell  a video promo the ring was darkened  as a blue blazer  owen hart promo was played . the fall and video of owen in the ring was never showed on tv . there are a few news photos that got posted . when they came back from the video promo jim ross was talking over a all we had was a crowd shot  .  he stated that owen hart as the blue blazer has fallen and doesn  t look good . lawler then came back from the ring his face was ashen he told jim that the situation was very critical paramedics where working hard to revive him . rock and hhh where going there match in a private room when another referee came in and told them owen fell at first  knowing owen harts constantly being a prankster they thought it wasn  t real . but both later stated that the look of the referee face said it all . in fact as he fell  as mentioned in other post  he yelled for the referee and ring announcer to move .  br    br   brother bret hart was a plane heading to la to do a angle on the tonight show  he couldn  t get any of the plane phones to work  one of the captains got a message to call home something had happened . when he landed in la eric bishoff was there told him what had happened  and put him on a charter flight to kansas city to the morgue  bret even later with owens widow martha went up to the top of the arena where owen was standing . police found no foul play formerly closed as a accident .  br    br   most of the information in bret harts book as well as the book by martha hart   
this is one of the few episodes  if not the only one  with an indisputable error in its storytelling . while handling the ralphie situation christopher states that he has heard about pie  o  my  s death in the fire accident . this is an important detail because in this context it is quite obvious that christopher knows from the beginning that tony is the one who must have killed ralphie . there is however no way chris could have heard about the accident . who should have told him and when  by the time he is torn out of his delirium by tony  s call nobody else was informed . tony knows that  which makes it even worse  hearing christopher talk about pie  o  my  s death could therefore only lead tony to the conclusion that chris himself has set the fire . given the impressively elaborate writing process as told by the writers themselves on the dvd i really wonder none of them realized the problem there . the story just doesn  t work that way . unnecessary to add that i  m a huge fan of the sopranos . otherwise  i certainly wouldn  t care .  
i expected a bad movie  and got a bad movie . but i couldn  t really imagine in my worst fantasy how bad this movie was . i don  t even want to try to explain what blood surf is about . is not about blood surfing  but a big a crocodile . they are complaining about the fake shark in jaws  but spielberg was wise and didn  t show the shark until the end . here the crocodile is shown a lot of times  and it  s the worst fake crocodile i have ever seen  and they don  t try to hide it . if you want to see a good fake crocodile watch lake placid .  br    br   the director had an opportunity to make a decent surf  shark movie  but he had to make a bad b  monster movie . he had the chance to make an original surf movie  but he wanted to make a monster movie . so you have understand how bad this movie is  does it have some good parts  not really  it got some nudity  and a sex scene that is taken straight out of a playboy movie . the acting isn  t half bad either  and kate fischer looks good . too bad she doesn  t take her top off . the lead actors aren  t bad either . they had some potential . the location was beautiful and the movie start good with some nice surf scenes . the blame is on the untalented writer and director . the dialogue is some of the worst i have ever seen  and the script is really badly written  and the director got no talent what so ever  and not much of a fantasy either .  br    br   don  t watch it . even if you want to watch the beautiful kate fischer . it isn  t worth it . watch sirens to watch kate nude  and watch lake placid if you want some good crocodile action .  br    br       because i  m in a good mood  and maureen larrazabal looks good naked  and kate looks good  but is bad actress   and dex miller  joel west and matt borlenghi did a good job with the piece of sht they had to work with .  
blood surf aka krocodylus is a fair film that has an okay cast which includes dax miller  taryn reif  kate fischer  duncan regehr  joel west  matt borlenghi  maureen larrazabal  cris vertido  susan africa  archie adamos  rolando santo domingo  and malecio amayao . the acting by the actors is fairly good . the thrills are fairly good and some of it is surprising . the movie is filmed fairly good as well . same thing goes for the music the film is fairly interesting and the movie does keeps you going until the end . this is a fairly thrilling film . if you the the cast in the film  monsters  giant animal films  horror  thrillers  mystery  and interesting films then i recommend you to see this film today   
this film is awful . the cgi is the very cheap gray blob cgi . the crocodile looks like a large gray smudge . the worst is that no effort at all is given to making it walk or look like it is alive . it is mostly a photo  shopped cgi that is placed into scenes and you almost expect to see the hand that is moving the cgi smudge across the screen . this is one of the worst examples of cgi effects that i have ever witnessed  and i have seen lots of the very bad sci  fi channel movies .  br    br   aside from the terrible lack of special effects  the cast is composed of the typical low  cost actors who probably work as waiters  waitresses at local diners while they wait for their big breaks . perhaps the most ridiculous scene in this movie is when one of the bad guys is attempting to sexually assault kate and the giant crocodile jumps straight up out of the water to the second floor of the villains headquarters and through the balcony and pulls the bad guy off kate and instead of crashing straight down through the building  and crushing kate  the croc just flies backwards at the same angle into the water . no laws of physics can apply to this movie or the special effects . at least there is honor among crocodiles .  
why  o  why  . . . did i pick this one up  well . . . i needed a no  brainer in the summer heat  and the cover looked cool .  br    br   of course i should  ve known better . this is a really  really bad movie . and it gets embarasing when the makers know it  s bad  and try cover it up by adding some sexy  beautiful women  and some sex  scenes to it . well  folks . . . it does  nt cut it  does it   br    br   if you would like a cool movie about a big reptile that is actually very  very good  well  played and funny go rent lake placid   that is an order   
spoilers spoilers if one were to review the film based on the premise alone  one might think that you were looking at an average animal orientated horror flick . the plot is as follows . a group of documentary filmmakers head off to an island in order to film a documentary about surfing with sharks or blood surfing .  i live in south africa so it was released as  blood surf .   admittedly  this seems to have a somewhat interesting idea behind it which  if it were explored further  could have improved the movie somewhat . however  this is not the case as the blood surfing part of the movie is minimal due to the fact that their documentary is interrupted by a rather large salt  water crocodile .  br    br   the script is absolutely terrible . a good example of this is whenever someone gets eaten by the crocodile which is a frequent occurrence in this film  no one seems to give a damn . the most anyone person did in the film was to merely toast the victim in a scene which was meant to be poignant but just ended up being laughable due to the fact that the dialogue in this film was of a highly dubious nature . another thing that really irritates about this film is the fact that they introduce characters who are totally superfluous to the film itself . they introduce a bunch of pirates who can only be seen to be adding another   minutes to a mercifully short film .  br    br   the acting can be said to be mediocre . it probably would have been a lot more impressive if they did not have such a terrible script to work from . all in all there isn  t one person who made a terrible impact on me . every single person seemed to be a watered  down caricature and in this way  not one of these actors made any sort of impact on me .  br    br   the crocodile itself is said to be huge  over   feet exactly and this sense of size is well portrayed by the obvious fake of a crocodile that they have provided for us in the film . the crocodile  s death at the end of the film is so ridiculously fake and contrived that it makes one  s stomach turn . with a huge cry of bravado  the hero of the film announces that he has a plan which turns out be falling down a hill and getting the crocodile to impale himself on a luckily  placed spike at the bottom of this said hill .  br    br   all in all  i would say that this film is one which has to be seen for you to believe how bad it could be . what probably seemed like a good idea at the time suffered from a terrible script and an overwhelming sense of low  budgetness which all served to create a truly awful movie .  
this film is really terrible . terrible as in it is a waste of   minutes of your life . special effects are so terrible . the acting wasn  t convincing .  br    br   its about a crocodile that attack a view tourists as they are filming a documentary about  blood surfing  . blood surfing is when they surf around sharks but it turns terrible wrong when a   foot crocodile interrupts there holiday . the sharks don  t look real . the crocodile is even worse  and it gets even more pathetic when they are running away form the creature  but the crocodile gets stuck and  females flash it . the deaths are fake and the pirates are just to fill in time .  br    br   a pointless  terrible film thats not worth seeing    
the only real highlight in the movie is the death of the sniveling guy and the reaction of the surviving characters to it .  br    br   in every other way  this film is a very lame rip  off of jaws  lake placid  and alligator  with a little bit of godzilla       thrown in .  br    br   as is standard for a      s  style horror movie  the two non  starring females each take their clothes off at least once . the female lead doesn  t  since she obviously has a better agent .  br    br   the whole movie surrounds the filming of a really dumb extreme sport called blood surfing  in which surfers cut themselves and surf in shark  infested waters . in this film  a giant salt  water crocodile also happens to be in the area . people get eaten . the movie ends .  br    br   i don  t mind a bad horror movie  but i really hate a dull bad horror movie  which this definitely is .  
you  know  i can take the blood and the sex  but that thong bikini shot pretty much did me in . someone get that girl some pasta before it  s too late   br    br   and you know  it  s just not a good idea for a schlock movie to start off by mentioning the much better movie it  s ripping off .  br    br   i gave this one a   just because it  s marginally better than tobe hooper  s crocodile .  
who in their right mind does anything so stupid as this movie   br    br   accidental killing of a security guard . . . characters that are so two dimensional that a two year old could have painted drawn them . . . and better . . .  br    br   a red toolbox of death  please . . . .  br    br   hypothermic weak thugs . . .  br    br   acting from hell . . .  br    br   stylistically this movie shifts between teen comedy  thriller  voyeurism and . . . female . . .  uhm  rambo   br    br   unbelievable and it  s an insult to any thinking person . do not watch  walk away it  s more horrible than you may imagine . . .  br    br   and on top of it all it  s trying to be hip by being overly graphic in it  s violence . . .  br    br   mrs montford shoot  em up was fun and funny  this is just pathetic and terrible . good luck next time .     
