bromwell high is a cartoon comedy . it ran at the same time as some other programs about school life  such as  teachers  . my   years in the teaching profession lead me to believe that bromwell high  s satire is much closer to reality than is  teachers  . the scramble to survive financially  the insightful students who can see right through their pathetic teachers  pomp  the pettiness of the whole situation  all remind me of the schools i knew and their students . when i saw the episode in which a student repeatedly tried to burn down the school  i immediately recalled . . . . . . . . . at . . . . . . . . . . high . a classic line inspector i  m here to sack one of your teachers . student welcome to bromwell high . i expect that many adults of my age think that bromwell high is far fetched . what a pity that it isn  t   
homelessness  or houselessness as george carlin stated  has been an issue for years but never a plan to help those on the street that were once considered human who did everything from going to school  work  or vote for the matter . most people think of the homeless as just a lost cause while worrying about things such as racism  the war on iraq  pressuring kids to succeed  technology  the elections  inflation  or worrying if they  ll be next to end up on the streets .  br    br   but what if you were given a bet to live on the streets for a month without the luxuries you once had from a home  the entertainment sets  a bathroom  pictures on the wall  a computer  and everything you once treasure to see what it  s like to be homeless  that is goddard bolt  s lesson .  br    br   mel brooks  who directs  who stars as bolt plays a rich man who has everything in the world until deciding to make a bet with a sissy rival  jeffery tambor  to see if he can live in the streets for thirty days without the luxuries if bolt succeeds  he can do what he wants with a future project of making more buildings . the bet  s on where bolt is thrown on the street with a bracelet on his leg to monitor his every move where he can  t step off the sidewalk . he  s given the nickname pepto by a vagrant after it  s written on his forehead where bolt meets other characters including a woman by the name of molly  lesley ann warren  an ex  dancer who got divorce before losing her home  and her pals sailor  howard morris  and fumes  teddy wilson  who are already used to the streets . they  re survivors . bolt isn  t . he  s not used to reaching mutual agreements like he once did when being rich where it  s fight or flight  kill or be killed .  br    br   while the love connection between molly and bolt wasn  t necessary to plot  i found  life stinks  to be one of mel brooks  observant films where prior to being a comedy  it shows a tender side compared to his slapstick work such as blazing saddles  young frankenstein  or spaceballs for the matter  to show what it  s like having something valuable before losing it the next day or on the other hand making a stupid bet like all rich people do when they don  t know what to do with their money . maybe they should give it to the homeless instead of using it like monopoly money .  br    br   or maybe this film will inspire you to help others .  
brilliant over  acting by lesley ann warren . best dramatic hobo lady i have ever seen  and love scenes in clothes warehouse are second to none . the corn on face is a classic  as good as anything in blazing saddles . the take on lawyers is also superb . after being accused of being a turncoat  selling out his boss  and being dishonest the lawyer of pepto bolt shrugs indifferently  i  m a lawyer  he says . three funny words . jeffrey tambor  a favorite from the later larry sanders show  is fantastic here too as a mad millionaire who wants to crush the ghetto . his character is more malevolent than usual . the hospital scene  and the scene where the homeless invade a demolition site  are all  time classics . look for the legs scene and the two big diggers fighting  one bleeds  . this movie gets better each time i see it  which is quite often  .  
this is easily the most underrated film inn the brooks cannon . sure  its flawed . it does not give a realistic view of homelessness  unlike  say  how citizen kane gave a realistic view of lounge singers  or titanic gave a realistic view of italians you idiots  . many of the jokes fall flat . but still  this film is very lovable in a way many comedies are not  and to pull that off in a story about some of the most traditionally reviled members of society is truly impressive . its not the fisher king  but its not crap  either . my only complaint is that brooks should have cast someone else in the lead  i love mel as a director and writer  not so much as a lead  .  
this is not the typical mel brooks film . it was much less slapstick than most of his movies and actually had a plot that was followable . leslie ann warren made the movie  she is such a fantastic  under  rated actress . there were some moments that could have been fleshed out a bit more  and some scenes that could probably have been cut to make the room to do so  but all in all  this is worth the price to rent and see it . the acting was good overall  brooks himself did a good job without his characteristic speaking to directly to the audience . again  warren was the best actor in the movie  but  fume  and  sailor  both played their parts well .  
this isn  t the comedic robin williams  nor is it the quirky  insane robin williams of recent thriller fame . this is a hybrid of the classic drama without over  dramatization  mixed with robin  s new love of the thriller . but this isn  t a thriller  per se . this is more a mystery  suspense vehicle through which williams attempts to locate a sick boy and his keeper .  br    br   also starring sandra oh and rory culkin  this suspense drama plays pretty much like a news report  until william  s character gets close to achieving his goal .  br    br   i must say that i was highly entertained  though this movie fails to teach  guide  inspect  or amuse . it felt more like i was watching a guy  williams   as he was actually performing the actions  from a third person perspective . in other words  it felt real  and i was able to subscribe to the premise of the story .  br    br   all in all  it  s worth a watch  though it  s definitely not friday  saturday night fare .  br    br   it rates a  .     from . . .  br    br   the fiend  .  
yes its an art . . . to successfully make a slow paced thriller .  br    br   the story unfolds in nice volumes while you don  t even notice it happening .  br    br   fine performance by robin williams . the sexuality angles in the film can seem unnecessary and can probably affect how much you enjoy the film . however  the core plot is very engaging . the movie doesn  t rush onto you and still grips you enough to keep you wondering . the direction is good . use of lights to achieve desired affects of suspense and unexpectedness is good .  br    br   very nice  time watch if you are looking to lay back and hear a thrilling short story   
in this  critically acclaimed psychological thriller based on true events  gabriel  robin williams   a celebrated writer and late  night talk show host  becomes captivated by the harrowing story of a young listener and his adoptive mother  toni collette  . when troubling questions arise about this boy  s  story   however  gabriel finds himself drawn into a widening mystery that hides a deadly secret  according to film  s official synopsis .  br    br   you really should stop reading these comments  and watch the film now . . .  br    br   the  how did he lose his leg   ending  with ms . collette planning her new life  should be chopped off  and sent to  deleted scenes  land . it  s overkill . the true nature of her physical and mental ailments should be obvious  by the time mr . williams returns to new york . possibly  her blindness could be in question  but a revelation could have be made certain in either the  highway  or  video tape  scenes . the film would benefit from a re  editing  how about a  director  s cut    br    br   williams and bobby cannavale  as jess  don  t seem  initially  believable as a couple . a scene or two establishing their relationship might have helped set the stage . otherwise  the cast is exemplary . williams offers an exceptionally strong characterization  and not a  gay impersonation  . sandra oh  as anna   joe morton  as ashe   and rory culkin  pete logand  are all perfect .  br    br   best of all  collette  s  donna  belongs in the creepy hall of fame . ms . oh is correct in saying collette might be   you know  like that guy from  psycho  .  there have been several years when organizations giving acting awards seemed to reach for women  due to a slighter dispersion of roles certainly  they could have noticed collette with some award consideration . she is that good . and  director patrick stettner definitely evokes hitchcock  he even makes getting a sandwich from a vending machine suspenseful .  br    br   finally  writers stettner  armistead maupin  and terry anderson deserve gratitude from flight attendants everywhere .  br    br    the night listener          patrick stettner  robin williams  toni collette  sandra oh  rory culkin  
the night listener           robin williams  toni collette  bobby cannavale  rory culkin  joe morton  sandra oh  john cullum  lisa emery  becky ann baker .  dir patrick stettner   br    br   hitchcockian suspenser gives williams a stand  out low  key performance .  br    br   what is it about celebrities and fans  what is the near paranoia one associates with the other and why is it almost the norm   br    br   in the latest derange fan scenario  based on true events no less  williams stars as a talk  radio personality named gabriel no one  who reads stories he  s penned over the airwaves and has accumulated an interesting fan in the form of a young boy named pete logand  culkin  who has submitted a manuscript about the travails of his troubled youth to no one  s editor ashe  morton  who gives it to no one to read for himself .  br    br   no one is naturally disturbed but ultimately intrigued about the nightmarish existence of pete being abducted and sexually abused for years until he was finally rescued by a nurse named donna  collette giving an excellent performance  who has adopted the boy but her correspondence with no one reveals that pete is dying from aids . naturally no one wants to meet the fans but is suddenly in doubt to their possibly devious ulterior motives when the seed is planted by his estranged lover jess  cannavale  whose sudden departure from their new york city apartment has no one in an emotional tailspin that has only now grown into a tempest in a teacup when he decides to do some investigating into donna and pete  s backgrounds discovering some truths that he didn  t anticipate .  br    br   written by armistead maupin  who co  wrote the screenplay with his former lover terry anderson and the film  s novice director stettner  and based on a true story about a fan  s hoax found out has some hitchcockian moments that run on full tilt like any good old fashioned pot  boiler does . it helps that williams gives a stand  out  low  key performance as the conflicted good  hearted personality who genuinely wants to believe that his number one fan is in fact real and does love him  the one thing that has escaped his own reality  and has some unsettling dreadful moments with the creepy collette whose one physical trait i will leave unmentioned but underlines the desperation of her character that can rattle you to the core .  br    br   however the film runs out of gas and eventually becomes a bit repetitive and predictable despite a finely directed piece of hoodwink and mystery by stettner  it pays to listen to your own inner voice be careful of what you hope for .  
you know  robin williams  god bless him  is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade  with perhaps the exception of  death to smoochy   which bombed when it came out but is now a cult classic  . the dramas he has made lately have been fantastic  especially  insomnia  and  one hour photo  .  the night listener   despite mediocre reviews and a quick dvd release  is among his best work  period .  br    br   this is a very chilling story  even though it doesn  t include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter . the concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed . in high school  i read an autobiography by a child named anthony godby johnson  who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted aids as a result . i was moved by the story until i read reports online that johnson may not actually exist . when i saw this movie  the confused feelings that robin williams so brilliantly portrayed resurfaced in my mind .  br    br   toni collette probably gives her best dramatic performance too as the ultimately sociopathic  caretaker  . her role was a far cry from those she had in movies like  little miss sunshine  . there were even times she looked into the camera where i thought she was staring right at me . it takes a good actress to play that sort of role  and it  s this understated  yet well reviewed  role that makes toni collette probably one of the best actresses of this generation not to have even been nominated for an academy award  as of      . it  s incredible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this  and it  s scary too .  br    br   this is a good  dark film that i highly recommend . be prepared to be unsettled  though  because this movie leaves you with a strange feeling at the end .  
when i first read armistead maupins story i was taken in by the human drama displayed by gabriel no one and those he cares about and loves . that being said  we have now been given the film version of an excellent story and are expected to see past the gloss of hollywood . . .  br    br   writer armistead maupin and director patrick stettner have truly succeeded   br    br   with just the right amount of restraint robin williams captures the fragile essence of gabriel and lets us see his struggle with issues of trust both in his personnel life  jess  and the world around him  donna  .  br    br   as we are introduced to the players in this drama we are reminded that nothing is ever as it seems and that the smallest event can change our lives irrevocably . the request to review a book written by a young man turns into a life changing event that helps gabriel find the strength within himself to carry on and move forward .  br    br   it  s to bad that most people will avoid this film . i only say that because the average american will probably think  robin williams in a serious role  that didn  t work before   please give this movie a chance  robin williams touches the darkness we all must find and go through in ourselves to be better people . like his movie one hour photo he has stepped up as an actor and made another quality piece of art .  br    br   oh and before i forget  i believe bobby cannavale as jess steals every scene he is in . he has the      s leading man looks and screen presence . it  s this hacks opinion he could carry his own movie right now    br    br   s  
i liked the film . some of the action scenes were very interesting  tense and well done . i especially liked the opening scene which had a semi truck in it . a very tense action scene that seemed well done .  br    br   some of the transitional scenes were filmed in interesting ways such as time lapse photography  unusual colors  or interesting angles . also the film is funny is several parts . i also liked how the evil guy was portrayed too . i  d give the film an  out of   .  
there are many illnesses born in the mind of man which have been given life in modern times . constant vigilance or accrued information in the realm of pyschosis  have kept psychologists  counselors and psychiatrists busy with enough work to last them decades . occasionally  some of these mental phenomenon are discover by those with no knowledge of their remedy or even of their existence . that is the premise of the film entitled  the night listner .  it tells the story of a popular radio host called gabriel noon  robin williams  who spends his evenings enthralling his audiences with vivid stories about gay lifestyles . perhaps its because his show is losing it  s authentic veneer which causes noon to admit he is no longer himself . feeling abandoned by both his lover jess  bobby cannavale  and his and best friend  joe morton   he seeks shelter in his deepening despair and isolation . it is here  a mysterious voice in the night asks him for help . noon needs to feel useful and reaches out to the desperate voice which belongs to a   year old boy called peter  rory culkin  . in reading the boy  s harrowing manuscript which depicts the early life and sexual abuse at the hands of his brutal parents  noon is captivated and wants to help . however  things are not what they seem and noon soon finds himself en  wrapped in an elusive and bizarre tale torn right out of a medical nightmare . this movie is pure robin williams and were it not for toni collette who plays donna d . logand  sandra oh as anna and john cullum as pop  this might be comical . instead  this may prove to be one of william  s more serious performances .   
i enjoyed the night listener very much . it  s one of the better movies of the summer .  br    br   robin williams gives one of his best performances . in fact  the entire cast was very good . all played just the right notes for their characters  not too much and not too little . sandra oh adds a wonderful comic touch . toni collette is great as the mom  and never goes over the top . everyone is very believable .  br    br   it  s a short movie  just under an hour and a half . i noticed the general release version is nine minutes shorter than the sundance version . i wonder if some of the more disturbing images were cut from the movie .  br    br   the director told a story and did it in straightforward fashion  which is a refreshing change from many directors these days who seem to think their job is to impress the audience rather than tell a story and tell it well .  br    br   do not be sucker punched by the previews and ads . it is not a hitchcockian thriller . see the night listener because you want to see a good story told well . if you go expecting hitchcock you will be disappointed .  br    br   my only complaint with the movie was the ending . the director could have left a little more to the audience  s imagination  but this is a minor quibble .  
the night listener is probably not one of william  s best roles  but he makes a very interesting character in a somewhat odd but very different movie . i can guarantee you that you have never seen this kind of movie before . some people maybe won  t like the slow pacing of this movie  but i think it  s the great plus of the movie . it is definitely one of the top movies that have come out the year     . it has a intriguing performance in a movie with a great content  dramatic feeling . this is no americanized movie . neither is it a predictable movie . you just feel that it is a movie that has secrets which you have a hard time to determine what the outcome of it may be . this is no excellent movie that has everything  but hell  it  s a damn good and very original movie .  
like one of the previous commenters said  this had the foundations of a great movie but something happened on the way to delivery . such a waste because collette  s performance was eerie and williams was believable . i just kept waiting for it to get better . i don  t think it was bad editing or needed another director  it could have just been the film . it came across as a canadian movie  something like the first few seasons of x  files . not cheap  just hokey . also  it needed a little more suspense . something that makes you jump off your seat . the movie reached that moment then faded away kind of like a false climax . i can see how being too suspenseful would have taken away from the  reality  of the story but i thought that part was reached when gabriel was in the hospital looking for the boy . this movie needs to have a director  s cut that tries to fix these problems .  
the night listener held my attention  with robin williams shining as a new york city radio host who becomes enamored with his friendship with a   year old boy  rory culkin  who is very ill . williams has never met the boy in person  as they have only been in contact by talking on the telephone . however  williams  ex  boyfriend  nice job from bobby cannavale  raises doubt about the boy  which prompts williams to arrange a meeting with him in person . what follows makes a permanent impact on williams in a way he does not expect . i will leave it at that . toni collette also stars .  br    br   i enjoyed this film  with toni collette giving a memorable portrayal of culkin  s adoptive mother . sandra oh also starred as williams  friend . the night listener is inspired by actual events  and it has a somber  almost creepy silence throughout . at times it is predictable  no thanks to some of the reviews i read before seeing the movie and just due to logic  but i liked it anyway . i enjoy williams in roles like this  more so than his comedic characters so that was an added bonus for me . recommended .      
popular radio storyteller gabriel no one  robin williams  scraggy and speaking in hushed  hypnotic tones  becomes acquainted and friends with a fourteen  year  old boy from wisconsin named pete logand  rory culkin   who has written a book detailing sexual abuse from his parents . to boot  pete has aids and this compels gabriel further still  since his partner jess  bobby cannavale  good  happens to be a survivor of hiv himself .  br    br   he also acquaints himself with pete  s guardian  a woman named donna  toni collette  brilliant   and when gabriel decides he wants to meet and talk to the two of them in person and goes to wisconsin  he discovers some secrets he was  naturally  not prepared to find .  br    br   based on real events that happened to armistead maupin  who co  wrote the screenplay with terry anderson  and directed by patrick stetner  this film moves a lot faster    min .  maybe a few minutes longer  than one might think a movie of this genre would run . that  s good in that it keeps the action and storyline lean and clear . it  s bad in that it leaves various holes in the plot and doesn  t sew  up any of the plot openings or back  story . i  d rather not go into any great detail except to say that  if you are not familiar with mr . maupin  s works or his personal story  you feel a little bit out of the loop here . still  the performances by williams  i would  ve loved to heard more of his narration  personally   collette  cannavale  culkin and much of the supporting cast  the waitress at the restaurant collete  s donna frequents does a great job with what small part she has   are top  notch and the mood established here   namely  the chilly  lonely dark exteriors of wisconsin and new york   give a terrific framing for this story . it may have ends that don  t tie together particularly well  but it  s still a compelling enough story to stick with .  
if there is one thing to recommend about this film is that it is intriguing . the premise certainly draws the audience in because it is a mystery  and throughout the film there are hints that there is something dark lurking about . however  there is not much tension  and williams  mild mannered portrayal doesn  t do much to makes us relate to his obsession with the boy .  br    br   collete fares much better as the woman whose true nature and intentions are not very clear . the production felt rushed and holes are apparent . it certainly feels like a preview for a much more complete and better effort . the book is probably better .  br    br   one thing is certain taupin must have written something truly good to have inspired at least one commendable effort .  
i absolutely loved this film  i do not at all relate to all the other comments i have read about it . i was completely enthralled through every second   br    br   i found the story gripping  the acting intense  and the direction spot  on . i would literally jump every time the phone would ring close to the end of the movie . even though there was nothing  scary  about the story itself  i was soundly on edge through the whole movie  and for the rest of my evening .  br    br   i found that there were so many perfect choices made . . . the casting  the script  the little bits of humor sprinkled in it . there were so many points where the film could  ve gone for the cheap thrill  but it never did  and that for me put this movie above so many of the mediocre thrillers that have come out lately . . . and for the last number of years .  
this night listener is better than people are generally saying . it has weaknesses  and it seems to be having a genre identity crisis  no doubt  but i think its creepy atmosphere and intriguing performances make up for this . the whole thing feels like one of those fireside  this happened to a friend of a friend of mine  ghost stories . one big complaint about the movie is the pacing but the slow and sometimes awkward pacing is deliberate . everything that unfolds in this movie is kept well within the realm of possibility  and real life just sort of plods alongno  so there are no flashy endings or earth  shattering revelations  no  showdown  scenes . thank heaven . you have to get into the zone when watching this movie  forget your reservations and your expectations of what makes a  conventionally  good movie . williams isn  t terrific  but he easily meets the needs of the story  plus his character is supposed to be somewhat generic   no one   as he is the everyman  the avatar by which we ourselves enter the story . toni collette  s performance should be nominated for an oscar  even if she maybe shouldn  t win it  . give it a shot . for quality and content alone  the night listener is surely in the top twenty percent of movies coming out these days .  
when it comes to movies i can be pretty picky  and i  ll complain about anything and everything that is done wrong . while every movie has its flaws  the night listener had an exceptionally low count .  br    br   if you read the last review  it was hard  since half of it was written in caps and it contained no actual information about the movie   you may have been led to believe that this movie was not too well done . unfortunately  if you read more than  lines into that same review  you discovered the poster  s reason for disdain he  she does not like the fact that the director is gay  or that the production team smokes crack . . . apparently  .  br    br   so  despite the fact that i have never written a review before  i thought this movie deserved one based on its merits  not the sexual orientation of its director . let  s go over a quick checklist first  . great plot  absolutely . i won  t give a shred of it away  but the plot is highly compelling and definitely not what one would expect based on the commercials . this is a thriller  not a horror  and it should be approached as such . the story really will amaze you  even more so because it  s true  and the plot did stay quite faithful to the actual events  .  br    br    . wonderful acting  oh yes . robin williams long ago broke free from the chains of the comedy type  cast  and he has since flourished in serious roles for which many people would have wrote him off just a decade ago . he once again achieves high form in his role in the night listener  playing a radio host who becomes increasingly troubled by and entangled in a case of . . . well  i  ll let you see for yourself .  br    br    . excellent direction  certainly . now  unlike the other poster to which i referred  i actually know something about direction . i  ve been sutdying the art of direction at school now for  years . of course i really don  t think that makes a lick of difference  the only thing that matters is if you like the direction   but i thought i should simply establish once again that i  m basing my opinions here on something both substantial and relevant . . . for example not the sexual orientation of the director  or the alleged drug habits of the production team  lol  .  br    br   patrick stettner  s direction was moody and dark  and he allowed the angles and lighting to help create those so  sought  after feelings of  tension and release  rather than the messy  fast  paced camera  work and quick cuts we  re so often subjected to today . some people can truly show you a story through their camera  while other  s feel as if they have to make the story with the camera . i really appreciate when someone these days has the courage to just use the camera as its supposed to be utilized  which is as an eyeball through which we all see .  br    br    . lighting  cinematography  and editing  great all around . i  ve already wrote so much  and i could go on about these last three things for another ten paragraphs  so i  ll just wrap it up .  br    br   in short  go see this movie . don  t listen to people who have alterior motives for trashing it  especially if they  re so stupid that they unknowingly reveal that motive    of the way through their post . enjoy the show   ben  
somewhat funny and well  paced action thriller that has jamie foxx as a hapless  fast  talking hoodlum who is chosen by an overly demanding u . s . treasury agent  david morse  to be released on the streets of new york to find a picky computer thief  hacker  doug hutchinson   who stole forty  two million dollars from the treasury and left two guards shot dead .  br    br    bait  marks the sophomore feature for antoine fuqua   the replacement killers   and he handles the task fairly well even though it doesn  t top his first movie . what the two films have in common is the action sequences  which are flat  out excellent .  br    br   foxx is pretty good here although his character is annoying in the beginning  but throughout the film  i began to catch on . hutchinson is marvelous as the mastermind who can be ruthless as john malkovich and patient as the late laurence olivier was in  marathon man  . morse is okay as the agent who comes up with the ingenious plan to get whoever did it at all cost .  
the legendary boris karloff ended his illustrious career by making four cheapie fright flick clunkers in mexico . this is the token moody period gothic horror entry from the bunch . karloff gives a typically spry and dignified performance as matthias morteval  an elderly eccentric patriarch who invites several of his petty  greedy and backbiting no  count relatives to his creepy rundown castle for the reading of a will . pretty soon the hateful guests are getting bumped off by lethal life  sized toy people who populate the place . onetime mexican sex symbol andres garcia of  tintorera  infamy portrays the dashing police officer hero and julissa looks absolutely ravishing as the sole likable female character . the clunky  plodding  non  direction  trite by  the  numbers script  ugly  washed  out cinematography  ridiculous murder set pieces  a gross fat slob gets blasted right in the face by a miniature cannon    overwrought string score  morbid gloom  doom atmosphere  largely lousy acting  karloff notably excepted   cheesy mild gore  poor dubbing and rousing fiery conclusion all lend this enjoyably awful lemon a certain endearingly cruddy and hence oddly amusing ratty charm . a real campy hoot .  
this tale based on two edgar allen poe pieces   the fall of the house of usher    dance of death   poem   is actually quite creepy from beginning to end . it is similar to some of the old black  and  white movies about people that meet in an old decrepit house  for example   the cat and the canary    the old dark house    night of terror  and so on  . boris karloff plays a demented inventor of life  size dolls that terrorize the guests . he dies early in the film  or does he   and the residents of the house are subjected to a number of terrifying experiences . i won  t go into too much detail here  but it is definitely a must  see for fans of old dark house mysteries .  br    br   watch it with plenty of popcorn and soda in a darkened room .  br    br   dan basinger      
aro tolbukhin burnt alive seven people in a mission in guatemala in the    s . also he declared that he had murdered another   people  he used to kill pregnant women  and then he set them on fire  .  br    br   this movie is a documentary that portraits the personality of aro through several interviews with people that got to know him and through some scenes played by actors based on real facts .  br    br    aro tolbukhin  is a serious work  so analytical  it  s not morbid at all . such a horrifying testimony about how some childhood trauma can turn a man into a monster .  br    br   my rate      
after seeing several movies of villaronga  i had a pretty clear opinion about him   he concentrates too much on the personal aspect of the characters  forgetting about a rhythm of the movie . that is why  though having good critics  his movies never caught the broad audience attention . in aro he follows the same line  but really improved on the rhythm  especially in the end of the movie . frankly speaking  i slept through the first part  cause though the first part gives necessary information  it is really slow . nevertheless the second part is absolutely marvelous and makes the whole movie the best movie ever made by villaronga .  br    br   recommended .  
there  s so many things to fall for in aro tolbukhin . en la mente del asesino  inside the killer  s mind   that it  s very hard to talk about it without giving any kind of warning . let  s just say that this movie is like an exercise in cinema but really  really great done . its made with super   black and white shots    milimeters  color  interviews  flashbacks . aro tolbukhin its like a movie made a documental or viceversa  which most peculiar aspect relays on the doubt that leaves you wondering  did he really ever existed  the movie follows the later life of an hungarian sailor that arrived in guatemala  worked in a religious mission and then killed some people . an act for which he got caught and death penalty sentenced . the movie starts because some french documentalists got interested in this character so they interview him prior to his death . nowadays  some more people got involved and make a deeper research of the character . the one we are witness of  the movie .  br    br   for the main part in the history we are guided by a semi slow phase to go look inside aros mind  mainly in order to decode why he did what he has done . nevertheless  the important thing is that the filmmakers never gives us a sided point of view they left the judging for all of us and even as we may understand his actions  we clearly never justify them . so  the first half is based upon recollecting information later things turn into aro  s childhood  giving the movie such an incredible new force  even tough never got weak or boring  .  br    br   i don  t mean  and don  t want  to spoil anything so the only thing left to say is that if by any chance you get this movie near you  believe me  the trip to see it is more than worthy .  
this has got to be a unique twists of two genres of ever seen . the giant monster movie genre with the living mummy movie genre . this unique blend makes for a unique and compelling story . the casts is outstanding  including tom bosley who as far as i know never has been in a horror movie before  ever . the effects are impressive and the idea of a giant mummy filled with smaller mummies is a cool one . my one complaint  i just wish we saw more of the giant mummy  but other then that i think they did a great job . the dialog  the characters and the story was perfect . the acting was wonderful . this has got to be the best movie to come out of the sci  fi channel . you heard me  the best movie to come out of the sci  fi channel . i give the fallen ones  out of   .  
without kirsten miller this project needn  t have been completed . however with the awe inspiring beauty and talent that is miss miller i would definitely recommend it . it looked as if the other actors were only playing to her strong performance . wagner  s dismal attempt to honor this film was a bit disappointing  but his few scenes didn  t detract from being entertained . mostly my criticisms are with the writing and plot line  the group of talent assembled did a heroic job of salvaging what should have been a disaster . the charismatic miller delivery and timing were impeccable and believable . she plays that fine line between assertive and bossy but never offensive she is in fact the structural engineer she claims to be . i wish i had seen this on the big screen but alas i was fortunate to rent it before it was lost .  
sure  titanic was a good movie  the first time you see it  but you really should see it a second time and your opinion of the film will definetly change . the first time you see the movie you see the underlying love  story and think ooh  how romantic . the second time  and i am not the only one to think this  it is just annoying and you just sit there watching the movie thinking  when is this dn ship going to sink    and even this is not as impressive when you see it several times . the acting in this film is not bad  but definetly not great either . was i glad dicaprio did not win an oscar for that film  i mean who does he think he is  anthony hopkins or denzel washington  he does  half  good movie and won  t do a film for less than    million . and then everyone is suprised that there are hardly any films with him in it . but enough about  in my eyes  the worst character of the film . kate winslet  s performance on the other hand was wonderful . i also tink that the director is very talented to put a film of such a magnitude together . there is one lesson to be learned about this movie there are too many love  stories as it is  filmmakers shouldn  t try to add a crummy romance in to every single movie    out of a possible     i give this film a mere    .  
when i saw this movie i was stunned by what a great movie it was . this is the only movie i think i would ever give a   star rating . i am sure this movie will always be in my top  .  br    br   the acting is superb . leonardo dicaprio and kate winslett are at their best . i don  t think anyone could have a better job than kate .  br    br   if it is a rainy day and you can  t decide what to rent  well  this is the one . you will love all the acting  special effects  and much much more .  br    br   if you have not seen this movie go rent or buy it now    you won  t regret it .  br    br    
why do people bitch about this movie and not about awful movies like the godfather . titanic is the greatest movie of the   st century . with great acting  directing  effects  music and generally everything . this movie is always dumped by all because one day some one said they didn  t like it any more so most of the world decided to agree . there is nothing wrong with this movie . all i can say is that this movie  not only being the most heavily oscar awarded movie of all time  the most money ever made ever and sadly one of the most underrated movies i  ve ever seen . apart from that it is truly the best movie of all time . the only movies that come close to being like all the star wars and the lord of the rings trilogy or anything by the masters hitchcock or spielberg or tim burton . these are all good movies and directors but none match up to james cameron  s masterpiece titanic .  
just two comments . . . . seven years apart  hardly evidence of the film  s relentless pulling  power  as has been mentioned  the low  budget telemovie status of   gantry row is a mitigating factor in its limited appeal . having said that however the thing is not without merit  either as entertainment or as a fright outing per se .  br    br   true  the plot at its most basic is a re  working of the amityville horror  only without much horror . more a case of intrigue  gibney might have made a more worthwhile impression if she had played halifax  investigating a couple of seemingly unconnected murders with the  house  as the main suspect . the script is better than average and the production overall of a high standard . it just fails to engage the viewer particularly at key moments .  br    br   having picked the dvd up for a mere   .   last week at my regular video store  i cannot begrudge the expenditure .    .   would be an acceptable price for the film . just don  t expect fireworks   
what  s inexplicable  firstly  the hatred towards this movie . it may not be the greatest movie of all time  but gimme a break  it got   oscars for a reason  it made eighteen hundred million dollars for a reason . it  s a damn good movie . which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it . i have no idea whatsoever why this movie left such an impression on me when i saw it in theaters . i  ve rewatched it on tv and video  and it had none of the impact it had when i saw it on the big screen  twice  or maybe three times  actually  . but that might be it  the appeal of it . it  s a movie  yes  capital m there  it  s an epic  it  s a spectacle in the order of gone with the wind or ben hur . now  ben hur and gone with the wind seem kinda hokey to me  with the hammy acting and excessive melodrama . not that titanic has none of that . well  the acting was actually very good . the melodrama was quite heavy  handed at times .  br    br   but the reason titanic works is that it  s such an emotional ride . i usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind  or give me a visual thrill . this movie isn  t exactly dumb  but it  s not cerebral at all . the visual thrills are simply means to an end  to fuel the emotions of the audience . i didn  t cry when bambi  s mom died  i don  t react to tearjerkers . but this is a tearjerker to the power of ten million  an emotional rollercoaster that  if it were a regular one  would make buzz aldrin scream like a little girl . and i  m sure that if you see it on video and have decided that you hate it  and have a ready supply of cynicism  then you can thoroughly dislike this movie . but if you let that disbelief suspend just a bit  if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt  you  ll enjoy it completely . and look at the top ten grossing films of all time . is a single one of them bad  is a single one of them worth a score of  out of    no  not even the phantom menace . and this movie made  .  billion dollars worldwide . it can  t be bad . not possible .      .  br    br   p . s . how can anyone even consider comparing this to spiderman  spiderman was a fun movie  but it was a total     kneejerk that caused it to gross as much as it did . it simply wasn  t anything all that special . no one will remember it in   years . but i  m pretty sure titanic will be remembered .  
previously  i wrote that i loved  titanic   cried at its ending  many times over   and i  m a guy in his    s . i also wondered about why this great movie  which won so many awards and was applauded by so many critics  was given only a  .  rating by imdb . com users .  br    br   well  i looked at the breakdown of the user ratings . while   .   of all votes gave it a   rating    .   gave it a  rating . these   .   of these irrational imdb users  in effect  pulled the overall rating down to  .  .  br    br   in my previous comments  i blamed this very unusual voting pattern  a sudden surge in  ratings  with a high   rating  dropping only gradually and then suddenly reversing course and jumping at the  rating level  on only one thing hatred for leonardo dicaprio . believe me  i  ve tuned into enough chat rooms to see the banter by young people  young men  mostly   who defame him left and right . they absolutely hate the man  and they will have no part in giving him any credit in  titanic  .  to answer one other user i am not talking about someone who just really doesn  t like the movie that much  and gave it a  or a   etc . everyone has  and is entitled to  his  her own taste . but no one can convince me that the imdb rating of only  .  overall for  titanic   pulled to that level by an inordinate number of ridiculous  ratings  is a fair reflection of the overall motion picture .   br    br   let me demonstrate my point by comparing the imdb user voting pattern of  titanic  to  randomly chosen box office and critical  bombs   there are many more  but these  will prove my point  .  heaven  s gate        was pulled from the theaters quickly after a very poor box office showing  and imdb voters  ratings were   .     ratings and  .    ratings  overall rating of  .   .  big top pee  wee        got  .     ratings and  .    ratings  overall rating of  .   .  cat people        got  .     ratings and  .    ratings  overall rating of  .   .  blind date        got  .     ratings and  .    ratings  overall rating of  .   .  jumpin  jack flash        got  .     ratings and  .    ratings  overall rating of  .   . what do all of these films have in common with  titanic   all of the percentages of their  ratings are lower     than  titanic   and none of these stinkers ever was nominated for a single award . again   titanic  got   .    ratings  compare that to the other  movies i just mentioned .  br    br   can there be any explanation other than the hatred of leo factor   br    br    
i loved this movie since i was  and i saw it on the opening day . it was so touching and beautiful . i strongly recommend seeing for all . it  s a movie to watch with your family by far .  br    br   my mpaa rating pg    for thematic elements  prolonged scenes of disastor  nudity  sexuality and some language .  
the movie titanic makes it much more then just a  night to remember .  it re writes a tragic history event that will always be talked about and will never been forgotten . why so criticised  i have no idea . could  will they ever make a movie like titanic that is so moving and touching every time you watch it . could they ever replace such an epic masterpiece . it will be almost impossible .  br    br   the director no doubt had the major impact on the film . a simple disaster film  boring to watch  converted to an unbelievable romance . yes i  m not the romance type either  but that should not bother you  because you will never see a romance like this . guaranteed  everything to the amazing effects  to the music  to the sublime acting .  br    br   the movie creates an amazing visual and a wonderful feeling . everything looks very real and live . the legend herself  titanic  is shown brilliantly in all classes  too looks  too accommodation . the acting was the real effect . dicaprio and winslet are simply the best at playing there roles . no one could have done better . they are partly the reason why the film is so great .  br    br   i guess it  s not too much to talk about . the plot is simple  the acting is brilliant  based on a true story  probably more then half of the consumers that watch the film will share tears  thanks to un imaginable ending which can never be forgotten . well if you haven  t seen this film your missing out on something hesterical  and a film to idolise for hollywood . could it get better  no . not at all . the most moving film of all time  don  t listen to people  see for yourself then you will understand . a landmark .  don  t be surprised if you cry too   
i had few problems with this film  and i have heard a lot of criticisms saying it is overlong and overrated . true  it is over three hours long  but i was amazed that it goes by so quickly . i don  t think it is overrated at all  i think the imdb rating is perfectly decent . the film looks sumptuous  with gorgeous costumes and excellent effects  and the direction from james cameron rarely slips from focus . leonardo dicaprio gives one of his best performances as jack  and kate winslet is lovely as rose . david warner  a great actor  steals every scene he  s in . the story is very rich in detail  and is hot on character development  obvious with the love story which is very moving when it needs to be  though in the first bit of the movie it is a little slow . the last hour is extremely riveting  and i will confess that i was on the edge of my seat  when the titanic sank . i will also say that the last five minutes were very moving . the music score by james horner was lovely  though i never was a huge fan of the song my heart will go on . the     miniseries was good  but suffered from undeveloped scenarios and some historical inaccuracies . overall  i give titanic an  .     . bethany cox .  
i think james cameron might be becoming my favorite director because this is my second review of his movies . anyway  everyone remembers the rms titanic . it was big  fast  and  unsinkable  . . . until april     . it was all over the news and one of the biggest tragedies ever . well james cameron decided to make a movie out of it but star two fictional characters to be in the spotlight instead of the ship . well  onto the main review but let me remind you that this is all opinion and zero fact and the only fact that will be present is an event from the film .  br    br   so our two main characters are jack  leonardo dicaprio  and rose  kate winslet  . they  re not annoying too much but watch this and you  ll find out why they could become annoying  http   tinyurl . com  ojhoyn  . the main villain i guess is bad luck  fate  hand of god  no blasphemy intended   or just plain caledon hockley  billy zane  . combine all of the above and what do you get   oh yes  we get a love story on a sinking boat . the supporting characters are the following my personal favorite  mr . andrews  victor garber   idk he was so nice   lovejoy  david warner   murdoch  ewan stewart   lightoller  jonathan phillips   captain smith  bernard hill   molly brown  kathy bates   and many more . we also got the present day treasure hunter  brock lovett  bill paxton  . they add something to the story  something good . the action in here is awesome  especially in the second half  the drama as also good . in the end you can have your eyes dropping rainstorms or silent tears . the story is simple and it works . a treasure hunter seeks the heart of the ocean and instead finds a drawing of a woman wearing the said diamond . she calls and tells her tale on the rms titanic . two lovers separated by social class and ultimately  the fate of the ship . everything about the story works and there are very few flaws . i give titanic  an    awesome  
titanic is a long but well made tragic adventure love story that takes place during the ill  fated voyage on the unsinkable ship . writer  director james cameron has done a great job of making this movie about a fictional love story between two very different people and combining that with the real event of the titanic that sunk after hitting an iceberg on april        claiming thousands of lives who perished in the icy freeing waters of the north atlantic . the two leads in the film are great in their roles including leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet . they make for a good on  screen couple . dicpario and winslet also had genuine chemistry together which made the romance that eventually blossoms between them that much more believable . they both showed real talent when this one came out and both of them have continued to show just that in their most recently films as well . the rest of the supporting cast including billy zane  kathy bates  frances fisher  jonathan hyde  and bill paxton in a small role are equally impressive as their characters who help bring them to life in this film . the love story  the action  suspense  and the special effects are magnificent done especially for that time . the horror of the situation the characters were in felt so real because it really happened making you want most of them to survive this life and death situation . the pacing was a little slow at times and it was a little long but the rest of the movie made up for it  s few flaws . titanic makes for a great date movie which is sure to make some girls cry almost every time they watch it . the fact that this really happened definitely added to the movie making you feel sorry for all the lives lost when the titanic sunk into the atlantic after hitting an iceberg . overall titanic is a tragic heartbreaking story about two people who fall in love while on the ill  fated ship thats brought to life by the exceptional performances from the cast especially dicaprio and winslet who definitely make this movie worth the time to watch .  
the ship may have sunk but the movie didn  t    director  james cameron  from  the terminator  did it again with this amazing picture . one of my favorite scenes is  the dinner table  scene  in which rose  s family and friends meet jack after he saves her . rose has a look on her face that every woman should have when you meet  the one  . . . i hope i have that look when i am in the room with my future husband .  br    br   jack and rose have a connection that is  movie stuff  but it  s good movie stuff . we have the greedy mom and all her elite stuck up associates who live off of their husbands wealth . rose almost commits suicide but the gilbert grape star rescues her . i really liked the hanging over the boat scene . it was a good risk .  br    br   the movie is long but it  s fantastic    good story  good flow  good actors    go see it twice if you want  its worth it     
titanic has to be one of my all  time favorite movies . it has its problems  what movies don  t  but still  it  s enjoyable .  br    br   when i stumble across someone who asks me why i like titanic  i suppose my first reaction is  wait a minute  you don  t   i know so many people who don  t like this movie  and i  m not saying i don  t see why .  the love story is too cheesy  well  yes but isn  t it enjoyable and moving  all right  the love story between jack and rose is very unrealistic  everyone knows that love like this doesn  t actually exist . but this is a movie  doesn  t everyone enjoy watching a beautiful story that lets us slip slightly into fantasy for a while  the next complaint  dicaprio and winslet are terrible actors . well  ok  in this movie  i agree that they do not perform to their full potentials . however i think it  s unfair to say that they are terrible actors . i personally think they are both very talented actors who unfortunately are very famous for a movie that they are not amazing in . but the roles they are given are simple  and the characters seem real enough that you can care about them quite a bit  but i agree with many people that they did not do as well as could have been expected .  br    br   and finally  if one is going to complain that they don  t like this movie because they hate romance  or because they hate history  or tragic movies  then i  m sorry but why on earth did they go and see a movie that is so clearly all of these things . it  s like people who complain the dark knight is a bad movie because they hate action movies . simply for being a movie  not because you dislike the genre  this is a good movie .  br    br   well deserving of its oscars  in particular  best cinematography  which i find to be the best i  ve ever seen in a movie save maybe the lord of the rings trilogy .  br    br   i know some of the writing fails  such as the constant screaming of each other  s names throughout the movie . the flashback portion of the story can be quite weak at times  but overall it  s an amazing achievement in making the titanic look so real  and the sinking feel so epic .  br    br   i understand why a lot of people dislike this movie  but for the most part it boils down to them disliking the fundamental idea  such as it being a love story  rather than them thinking the movie in and of itself is poorly constructed .  br    br   i can tell you that i have read more than five books about the titanic  including memoirs form the day it happened  and this movie is extremely historically accurate save just a few faults . the only main ones i can find is that the piping should be threaded copper  not steel  and the iceberg looks fairly unrealistic as is the scene where they hit it .  br    br   i give this movie       not because i like romance movies  but simply because it  s an outstanding cinematic achievement  that leaves one feeling horrified by the realistic adaptation of events .  
titanic is a classic . i was really surprised that this movie didn  t have a solid ten  overall in the imdb user rankings . maybe  it  s just cool to not give titanic credit nowadays  but when it was first made it was really something . when the movie came out people flocked to the theaters . when it came out on video my sister and i would watch it twice a day for a month . it was safe to say we were obsessed and for good reason . some of the disaster scenes were hard to forgot  like the frozen baby  or the guy who committed suicide after killing someone in the unruly crowd . many people died on that ship  and to convey that on film with the immediacy and emotion it needed is a hard challenge that james cameron stepped up to . and let  s not forget the amazing romance between jack and rose . whether or not their relationship was a figment of someone  s imagination it was lovely . they barely knew each other  but they would die for each other . they trusted each other . they sure as hell are giving romeo and juliet a run for their money .  i  ll never let go  jack .  titanic is a great film down to it  s very core . it is a powerful story told through brilliant acting  excellent cinematography  beautiful music  and a crew full of hard and dedicated workers . it really blows my mind when someone says they hate this movie .  
another aussie masterpiece  this delves into the world of the unknown and the supernatural  and it does very well . it doesn  t resort to the big special effects overkill like american flicks  it focuses more on emotional impact . a relatively simple plot that rebecca gibney  co . bring to life . it follows the story of a couple who buy an old house that was supposedly home to a very old woman who never went outside  and whose husband disappeared in mysterious circumstances a century ago . strange things begin to happen in the house  and john adam begins to turn into the man who disappeared  who was actually a mass murderer . highly recommended .      
for me personally this film goes down in my top four of all time . no exceptions . james cameron has proved himself time and time again that he is a master storyteller . through films such as aliens  the abyss and both terminators it is clear that he was a brilliant and confidant director as far as action and science  fiction goes . he sees a story and adds a strange quality to the film . but titanic is so much different to his other strokes of brilliance . the film is exceptionally moving and allows room for surprises  plot development and interesting character developments in a story that everyone knows . the story of the famed voyager sinking on her maiden voyage is legend so the challenge was for cameron to make a truthful  interesting and entertaining film about it . the acting is wonderful as leonardo dicaprio who plays jack and kate winslet who plays rose became superstars overnight with the release of this film and in most films i get annoyed when the supporting characters aren  t given a lot to do but in this film it is more purposeful because as an elderly rose  gloria stuart  tells her story it is quickly apparent that it is rose  s and jack  s story alone  no one else . emotionally it is entirely satisfying and can leave no dry eye in a theater or home . the music has become iconic and legendary . it is composer james horner  s finest soundtrack ever and evokes so much from the film and the audience . the song after so long has become annoying but i still appreciate it for the phenomenon it is and this film is . only one problem  the usual james cameron problem  is the dialogue which is memorable but in a bad way as in how cheesy it is at points but all that aside . james cameron has delivered a masterpiece and a romantic epic that sweeps you away on a journey of a lifetime . my heart won  t go on from this one .  
back in      do i remember that year clinton bans cloning research  the unfortunate death of princess diana  the marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets . this was also the big year in the release of titanic  one of the biggest films of all time a tale about the ship of dreams  about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster . i don  t think anybody could have expected titanic to be as huge as it was  the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans     of them being teenage girls  i was   years old at the time  and of course saw the movie multiple times . it was the film that made me believe that the love that jack and rose shared was so real and beautiful . at the time i felt that titanic could do no wrong  of course i grew up and didn  t watch the film since i was    a couple years ago i saw the film on dvd for  .   and figured that it was a good price and to see what i thought about the movie now . was it worth the hype  was it really the best movie of all time  was that leonardo  s real nose  ok  i know that  s silly to say  but i did re  watch the film . being completely honest here  titanic is a great movie  best movie of all time  no  just depends on your idea of a good movie  but titanic delivered in romance  humor  disaster  emotions and never let us go on this maiden voyage .  br    br   the film starts with brock lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the rms titanic  searching for a necklace set with a valuable blue diamond called the heart of the ocean . unsuccessful  they instead discover a drawing of a young woman reclining nude  wearing the heart of the ocean  dated the day the titanic sank .     year  old rose dawson calvert learns of the drawing  and contacts lovett to inform him she is the woman in the drawing . she and her granddaughter elizabeth  lizzy  calvert visit lovett and his skeptical team on his salvage ship . when asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace  rose calvert recalls her memories aboard the titanic  revealing for the first time that she was rose dewitt bukater . in      the upper  class    year  old rose boards the ship with her fianc  cal hockley and her mother  ruth dewitt bukater  both of whom stress the importance of rose  s engagement to cal since the marriage will mean the eradication of the dewitt  bukater debts while they have the outward appearance of the upper  class  rose and her mother are financially broke . distraught and frustrated by her engagement to the controlling cal and the pressure her mother is putting on her to go through with the marriage  rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern . before she leaps  a drifter and artist named jack dawson intervenes . jack and rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for saving her life  and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching their bond deepens when they leave a stuffy first  class formal dinner of the rapport  building wealthy for a much livelier gathering of irish dance  music and beer in third  class . but after cal  s servant informs him of rose  s whereabouts   rose is forbidden from seeing jack again . however  after witnessing a woman encouraging her seven  year  old daughter to behave like a  proper lady  at tea  rose defies him and her mother  asking jack to sketch her nude and wearing only the heart of the ocean  an engagement present from cal . after a beautiful moment together in the very first backseat fun time  they go to the deck of the ship .  br    br   they then witness the ship  s fatal collision with an iceberg . after overhearing the ship  s lookouts discussing how serious the collision is  rose tells jack they should warn her mother and cal . meanwhile  cal discovers rose  s nude drawing and her taunting note in his safe  so he frames jack for stealing the heart of the ocean by having lovejoy plant it in jack  s pocket . upon learning cal intends to leave jack to die below deck  rose runs away from him and her mother to rescue him . jack and rose return to the top deck . cal and jack  though enemies  both want rose safe  so they persuade her to board a lifeboat . but after realizing that she cannot leave jack  rose jumps back on the ship and reunites with jack in the ship  s first class staircase . jack and rose return to the top deck  the lifeboats have gone  and the ship finally goes down into the freezing atlantic taking jack and rose down .  br    br   so does titanic live up to it  s hype  i still say that this is a great movie to watch  i think that there were and still are quite a few haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie because it had won a ton of awards and everyone was in love with the movie . but it has great acting  amazing effects  a well  written story and still looks flawless . love it or hate it  you have to admit this movie didn  t get a lot of hype just because of leo  s baby face or kate  s amazing ability to cry on sight  this film is something special . it will always hold a special place in my heart  it has too seeing that i saw this film  times in the theater when it was released . but all that aside  i do recommend this movie  it  s a great one and sure to go down in the classics one day .  br    br         
james cameron  s  titanic  is essentially a romantic adventure with visual grandeur and magnificence  a timeless tragic love story set against the background of this major historical event . . . it  s an astonishing movie that exemplifies hope  love and humanity . . .  br    br   leonardo dicaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma . . . conveying passion  trust  insouciance and ingenuity  he  s a free  spirited wanderer with artistic pretensions  and a zest for life . . .  br    br   kate winslet is absolutely lovely as the confused upper  class teen engaged to a nasty rich guy who finds herself  one night  plunged to the depths of despair . . .  br    br   billy zane is an arrogant racist  abusive and ultra rich who would lie  cheat  steal  bribe with money or even use an innocent young child to escape defeat . . . he keeps a   carat blue diamond worn by louis xvi . . .  br    br   kathy bates is the legendary unsinkable molly brown  the richest woman in denver  who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on the ship . . .  br    br   frances fisheris is the impecunious cold snobbish mother who  deathly afraid of losing her social stature  forces her daughter to become engaged to marry a rich  supercilious snob . . .  br    br   victor garber is the master shipbuilder  the real  life character who attempts to fix time  to measure it  in a sense  to make it into history . . .  br    br   jonathan hyde is the white star chairman who wants the titanic to break the trans  atlantic speed record  in spite of warnings that icebergs may have floated into the hazardous northern crossing . . .  br    br   bill paxton is the opportunistic undersea explorer in search for a very rare diamond called the  heart of the ocean .   br    br   gloria stuart is the     year old woman who reveals a never  before told love story . . . the nightmare  the horror and the shock are imprinted upon her deeply lined face . . .  br    br    titanic  is loaded with luminous photography and sweeping visuals as the footage of the shipwrecked ocean liner lying motionless on the ocean floor the incredible transformation of the bow of the sunken  titanic  that takes the viewer back to      revealing the meticulously re  created interiors the first sight of the titanic steamed steadily toward her date with destiny the titanic  leaving the southampton dock  and some dolphins appear jumping  racing along in front of the luxurious ship decaprio and winslet flying at the ship  s front rail in a gorgeous magic moment the intertwining of past and present as jack was drawing rose on his paper  the camera zooms closely on young rose  s eye  only to transform its shape into gloria stuart  s aged eye . . .  br    br   chilling scenes titanic  s inevitable collision with destiny james cameronin one of the most terrifying sequences ever put on film takes us down with the titanic  finally leaving us floundering in the icy water  screaming for help that never comes . . .  br    br   winner of   academy awards  including best picture  james cameron  s  titanic  is a gigantic epic where you don  t just watch the film  you experience it  the visual effects are amazing  like no other film  s . . . the decor is overwhelming . . . james horner  s music intensifies the emotions . . . the whole movie is hunting and involving  filled with a wide range of deep feelings . . .  br    br   it  s truly a moving tribute to those who lost their lives on that unfortunate ship . . .  
this movie re  wrote film history in every way . no one cares what anyone thinks about this movie  because it transcends criticism . every flaw in the movie is easily overcome by the many amazing things the movie has going for it . it is an extremely beautiful movie  and i doubt many of us will see anything like it again . i  ve seen it more times than i care to count  and i still become transfixed every time  with a feeling which is hard to describe . one for the ages .  
titanic directed by james cameron presents a fictional love story on the historical setting of the titanic . the plot is simple  noncomplicated  or not for those who love plots that twist and turn and keep you in suspense . the end of the movie can be figured out within minutes of the start of the film  but the love story is an interesting one  however . kate winslett is wonderful as rose  an aristocratic young lady betrothed by cal  billy zane  . early on the voyage rose meets jack  leonardo dicaprio   a lower class artist on his way to america after winning his ticket aboard titanic in a poker game . if he wants something  he goes and gets it unlike the upper class who are so concerned with their social worries . the two fall in love and the audience sees the sinking of the titanic primarily through their eyes .  br    br   the movie begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreck by a group searching for treasures  that sunk with the titanic  which has recently occurred . one of the survivors of the titanic  rose dewitt bukater  who had heard of the exploration of the wreck on television and is flown to the boat where the search is being led from to tell of what she remembers to help the search . she gets to telling her memory of the one and only voyage of the titanic . with this  the scene shifts to southhampton  ireland where the titanic set sail from on april        as all the passengers are boarding . after another stop on the irish coast titanic went out to see on its maiden voyage across the atlantic bound for new york . historically the first few days of the voyage went by uneventful  but the fictional plot of the story is developed during this time as rose sees the hopeless entrapement of an engagement that she is in to the wealthy cal hockley and falls in love with third class passenger  jack dawson . captain smith alledgedly as shown in the movie was urged by the white star line director to increase the speed of the ship so they would make the newspaper headlines and receive extra publicity by arriving in new york on thursday night and not on friday morning as planned . smith then ordered the fateful decision going against his thirty  two years of experience to stretch the titanic  s legs out to full speed . the titanic had reports that the waters in the atlantic they were sailing in were full of icebergs  but they ignored these warnings and proceeded at full speed as shown in the movie . on april        at       an iceberg was sighted . they attempted to shut off the engines and turn the ship out of the path of the iceberg but there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side as depicted in the film . the portrayal of the many small holes in the side of the ship and not one large gash along the side is accurate . the crew of titanic sent out distress calls and set off distress rockets as shown until     when the lights finally failed . the lights of the california were spotted six miles away but they failed to realize what was going on and did not respond to titanic  s many pleas for help . the california had tried earlier in the day to warn titanic of the severe ice that had caused them to stop their trip but titanic had brushed them off causing the california to turn off its radio and leave the titanic on its own . the first class women and children were the first as depicted to be put into the twenty lifeboats that were on the ship . overwhelmingly the third class passengers suffered the most amount of deaths of any class and the crew was hit hard in this tragedy too . the word of white star line employees and first class passengers was believed over that of second and third class passengers when authorities were trying to gain information of the sinking . also  the metal that was used to build the titanic has been found in recent years under conditions of severe cold  which were experienced the night titanic sank to be extremely brittle . overall  the basic plot is very accurate in its portayal of the events and the times at which these events took place on the titanic .  br    br   many of the characters in the story were not real and created simply for the purpose of the movie or as composite characters to represent possible characteristics and ideas of people on the ship . the core group of rose  jack  cal  and rose  s mother all were fictional characters added into the story as they represent different groups of people from the time . yet many characters such as the unsinkable molly brown captain edward smith the ship designer  thomas andrew the white star line representative  bruce ismay and all of the titanic  s officers were real . the maiden voyage was going to be captain edward smith  s last voyage anyway as he planned to retire afterwards . he had been a part of the white star line since     where he worked his way up to his status as the millionaire  s captain when the titanic sunk . the portrayals of the officers is accurate as only four survived the tragedy except for the officer who threatened to kill all of the passengers of the ship with his pistol . he is on record as acting heroicly and was misportrayed to the point that james cameron apologized and evoked a monument in his honor in the officer  s former canadian hometown . as shown in the movie there was a language problem between the crew and many of the lower  class passengers from non  english speaking nations . in addition  officer lowe was the only officer who came back in the lifeboat as depicted . the old people shown in their bed as the water came in their room were based on the strauss  . not wanting to leave her husband  s side mrs . strauss refused to get in her lifeboat and died with her husband on the titanic . furthermore  mr . goggenheim who was shown sipping his brandy and smoking a cigar reportedly did go out like this dressed in his best . the richest man on the ship  john jacob astor  who owned most of manhattan died nonetheless as well  but his much younger wife was saved in a lifeboat . in addition  molly brown was saved and later had medals made up for the crew of the carpethia that picked the survivors of titanic up from the water . her ticket on the titanic had cost over four  thousand dollars and by the end of her life she ended up broke . all of the interiors of the ship were masterfully replacated down to the last pieces of china and silverware . the gymnasium  which is hardly seen is recreated perfectly with all of the machines reproduced to match those seen in old photographs . the wonderful outfits and costuming were an excellent re  creation of the post  victorian era of     . the rich at this time practically ruled everything  as the women  s suffrage movement had not quite gotten moving yet . women during this time often married for financial security as rose was considering doing and normally took a back seast status to their husbands as cal wished for rose to do . the rich did not take well to new money  such as molly brown as depicted . everything of the time was very formal . women had to be escorted to dinner by a male figure as seen with in the dining scenes . smoking was not very common among women of the time but holders of cigarettes  which were just coming in at the time were used as seen with rose in the movie . men of the time generally smoked cigars not cigarettes . women were constained physically by their corsets and socially by society . although james cameron had no background in historical films he brought in experts of titanic coupled with two years spent cross  referencing the history of the titanic and few liberties were taken . the beautiful cinematography and special effects also helped to make the film even more breathtaking .  br    br   a recognizable message can be seen in the movie titanic as the people on the ship had about three hours to contemplate their demise . the director  james cameron  shows the various reactions to this time of crisis in people  s lives . everyone reacts differently and he gets you to think of how you might have reacted had you been in that situation on the titanic on that fateful night . in addition  this film is a reflection of the      s when it was produced as it gives a look into the wreck of the titanic . only in the past fifteen years has the site of the actual titanic been found and explored . this movie was able to give us a deeper look into a disaster that many would not have viewed . however  the moral question of whether people today should be taking treasures from the wreck of an underwater graveyard is posed . there have been attempts to stop treasure seeking missions such as the one portrayed in titanic but all have failed . as it stands today anyone can make a voyage to the titanic and take whatever valuables they as portrayed in the film showing the general values of our time on this matter .  br    br   technically the film is very well done . to get footage of the wreck at the bottom of the ocean it took twelve dives to get all of the footage needed for the movie . in addition  a special camera had to be created to withstand the intense pressure at the bottom of the ocean . cameron did not plan on using the probe to go as far inside titanic as anyone has in the   years since the ship sunk but it worked out that this provided an unique perspective into the ship . furthermore  throughout the film fade ins and outs from the wreck of titanic to the scene of titanic during its actual voyage . this shift between the modern scene to the past scene during the voyage works as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to follow in aclear manner . at the very beginning of the movie a septune recreation is used to recreate the scene when the actual people left the european coast on titanic giving it distinction from the rest of the events of the film .  br    br   titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art  a true epic . like most history novels  we know the ending  but it doesn  t take away from the wonderful treats that can be found in this picture . certain aspects of this film are academy award material including costuming  sound  cintematography  and editing . if you like interesting characters that will give you an insight into the life of characters in the early      s and how they face disaster  then this movie definitely is for you .  br    br    
i find it so amazing that even after all these years  we are still talking about this movie  obviously this movie wasn  t that bad or else people wouldn  t even bother to talk about it . i personally enjoyed this film immensly  and still do  i guess this film isn  t for everyone  but it certainly did touch the hearts of many .  br    br   as for those that think that this film is  overrated  or  over  hyped  . . . well  we only have the movie  going public to thank for that  lol you see  it  s not critics  article writers that make a film  huge  or a  hit  with the general movie  going public . people make the film a huge success . with titanic  everyone was in awe . let  s face it  a film like this had never been made before . at least not with the type of special effects needed to really capture the essence of the ship actually sinking . this film is so accurate that even james cameron timed the actual sinking of the ship in the film with the real sinking that fateful day in april     . even the silverware for goodness sakes matched   br    br   give this movie a break you guys  the critics thought this movie would sink big time  when this movie actually came out and people started hearing by word of mouth  which is the best form of advertisement mind you  that this was a good  decent  movie worth seeing  then everyone started flocking to the theaters in droves to see this movie . . . not once  not twice  but maybe  times and more  so  i really wouldn  t say that this movie was  overhyped  . . . at least not like the buildup for the matrix reloaded or the hulk is being  overhyped  . ha  critics didn  t even think that titanic would make enough money to cover cameron  s gigantic film budget that it took to make this mammoth of a film . however  the films money took care of that    million budget and much more   br    br   personally  i love this film . however  this film might not be for everyone . don  t say that this film sucks just because of romance though  that is the most sexist thing i  ve ever heard  disliking a movie just because it has romance in it  the story was sweet . the dialogue could have been better  but let  s face it . . . the real star of the movie wasn  t leo or kate . . . it was that gigantic ship  i think all of the actors including dicaprio and winslet did a fine job . it  s not thier best work  i  ve seen much better work from both of them  but it wasn  t the worst i  ve seen on screen before . give them a break   br    br    
i avoided watching this film for the longest time . long before it was even released i had dismissed it as an over  hyped  over  blown  overly romanticized piece of hollywood schmaltz  and i wanted nothing to do with it . i never watched it in the theatre . i shook my head in disbelief at the   academy awards  even though i had never seen it . then i was asked to be a judge at a high school public speaking contest . one of the girls spoke about this movie .  it was so great   she said .  you really felt like you were on the ship .   nonsense   i thought . i shared my feelings with my fellow judges . one looked at me and said   you might be right  but if she liked the movie that much maybe she  ll want to learn more about the real titanic . the movie must have done something right to get her so interested .   well  maybe   thought i . then it finally appeared on pay tv .  ok   i thought   i  ll give it a look see .  i didn  t want to like it  and i didn  t . i loved it  what a great movie .  br    br   where to start  first  the directing . my high school public speaking contestant was right . james cameron does a superb job of creating an almost  you are there  type of atmosphere . the gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world . the nonchalance as news of the iceberg first spreads then the rising sense of panic . you don  t just watch it you really do feel it . then  the performances . the lead performances from kate winslet  as rose  and leonardo dicaprio  as jack  are excellent  winslet  s being the superior  i thought  but both were good . they had their rich girl  poor boy characters down to a perfect  t  i thought . in my opinion  though  stealing the show was frances fisher as rose  s mother . she was perfect as the snobby aristocrat  and you could feel the fear and loathing she felt every time she looked at jack . then  the details . i  m no expert on the sinking of the titanic  but i have a reasonable general knowledge  and this film does a super job of recreating the historical details accurately and then weaving them seamlessly around the fictional romance . very impressive  indeed . then  the song . who can watch this movie and not be taken with celine dion  s performance of  my heart goes on .   br    br   problems . well  the romance was perhaps too contrived  in the sense that i just don  t accept that jack could have moved so effortlessly from steerage to first class .  i know he was invited the first time but he seems to keep getting into first class without being stopped until he  s been there for a while .  the realities of the separation of the social classes were much more realistically portrayed  i thought  when the steerage passengers were going to be left locked down there after the ship hit the iceberg while the first class folks got to enjoy half empty lifeboats .  br    br   a minor quibble  though . this is truly an excellent movie . my only regret is not seeing it in the theatre  where i think it would have been so much more impressive .  br    br        
to all the miserable people who have done everything from complain about the dialogue  the budget  the this and the that . . . . who wants to hear it  if you missed the point of this beyond  beautiful movie  that  s your loss . the rest of us who deeply love this movie do not care what you think . i am a thirthysomething guy who has seen thousands of movies in my life  and this one stands in its own entity  in my book . it was not supposed to be a documentary  or a completely factual account of what happened that night . it is the most amazing love story ever attempted . i know that it is the cynical    s and the millennium has everyone in a tizzy  but come on . someone on this comments board complained that it made too much money  how lame is that  it made bundles of money in every civilized country on the planet  and is the top grossing film in the planet . i will gladly side with the majority this time around . okay  cynics  time to crawl back under your rock  i am done .  
every once in a while the conversation will turn to  favorite movies .  i  ll mention titanic  and at least a couple people will snicker . i pay them no mind because i know that five years ago  these same people were moved to tears by that very movie . and they  re too embarrassed now to admit it .  br    br   i just rewatched titanic for the first time in a long time . expecting to simply enjoy the story again  i was surprised to find that the movie has lost none of its power over these five years . i cried again . . . . in all the same places . it brought me back to     when i can remember how a movie that no one thought would break even became the most popular movie of all time . a movie that burst into the public consciousness like no other movie i can recall  yes  even more than star wars  . and today  many people won  t even admit they enjoyed it . folks  let  s get something straight   you don  t look cool when you badmouth this film . you look like an out of touch cynic .  br    br   no movie is perfect and this one has a few faults . some of the dialogue falls flat  and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers comes together a little too neatly . however  none of this is so distracting that it ruins the film .  br    br   leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet are wonderful . leo is one of the fine actors of his generation . wait  til you see him in gangs of new york before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy . kate winslet was so strong in this film . the movie really was hers  and she held it together beautifully .  br    br   james cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable titanic . the sinking scenes were horrific  just as they were that night . how anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me . i was utterly transfixed .  br    br   this film is one memorable scene after another . titanic leaving port in southampton . rose and jack at the bow   flying  .  iceberg  right ahead   the screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean . the screams of the doomed after she went down . and that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears .  br    br   the music  which has also been a victim of the film  s success  was a key ingredient . james horner  s score was simply perfect . and the love theme was beautiful and tragic . too bad celine dion  s pop song version had to destroy this great bit of music for so many .  br    br   i confess  i am a titanic buff . as such  i relished the opportunity to see the ship as we never got to see it   in all its beauty . perhaps watching it sink affected me more than some because i  ve had such an interest in the ship all my life . however  i doubt many of those i saw crying were titanic buffs . i applaud cameron for bringing this story to the masses in a way that never demeaned the tragedy . the film was made with such humanity .  br    br   another reviewer said it better than i ever could open up your hearts to titanic  and you will not be disappointed .  
i am not a parent  neither am i a male . but i was able to identify with every character  s heartaches and pains .  br    br   this is a movie teenagers should watch . maybe that way they will start appreciating the value of family again . i  m sorry for those that don  t understand the value of love  family and friendship .  br    br   it was very interesting to watch patrick duffy in a different role than that of bobby ewing . and it is great to see a   year old ben affleck giving his best in a moving and sincere performance . he showed at an early age  that he is capable of heartfelt drama . he should be offered more serious roles . note hollywoodland . . . his first serious role in years and he went out and won best actor at the venice festival in     .  br    br   this movie can be appreciated by people of all ages . maybe shouldn  t be watched by children under   because they might get scared that the same may happen to their families  but i recommend it to the entire family .  br    br   i bought this movie on dvd and have watched it with friends many times . because it portrays the values that are important in life .  
after a brief prologue showing a masked man stalking and then slashing the throat of an older gentleman on a deserted  urban  turn of the century australian street  we meet julie  rebecca gibney  and peter  john adam  as they go out house hunting . they manage to get a loan for a fixer  upper on a posh sydney street  but it turns out that physical disrepair is not the only problem with their new home . it just may be haunted .  br    br     gantry row combines a memorable if somewhat clichd story with good to average direction by catherine millar into a slightly above average shocker .  br    br   the biggest flaws seem partially due to budget  but not wholly excusable to that hurdle . a crucial problem occurs at the beginning of the film . the opening  thriller scene  features some wonky editing . freeze frames and series of stills are used to cover up the fact that there  s not much action . suspense should be created from staging  not fancy  fix it in the mix  techniques . there is great atmosphere in the scene from the location  the lighting  the fog and such  but the camera should be slowly following the killer and the victim  cutting back and forth from one to the other as we track down the street  showing their increasing proximity . the tracking and the cuts need to be slow . the attack needed to be longer  clearer and better blocked . as it stands  the scene has a strong  made for television  feel  and a low budget one at that .  br    br   after this scene we move to the present and the flow of the film greatly improves . the story has a lot of similarities to the amityville horror        though the budget forces a much subtler approach . millar and scriptwriter tony morphett effectively create a lot of slyly creepy scenarios  often dramatic in nature instead of special effects  oriented  such as the mysterious man who arrives to take away the old slabs of iron  which had been bizarrely affixed to an interior wall .  br    br   for some horror fans  the first section of the film might be a little heavy on realist drama . at least the first half hour of the film is primarily about julie and peter trying to arrange financing for the house and then trying to settle in . but morphett writes fine  intelligent dialogue . the material is done well enough that it  s often as suspenseful as the more traditional thriller aspects that arise later   especially if you  ve gone through similar travails while trying to buy your own house .  br    br   once they get settled and things begin to get weirder  even though the special effects often leave much to be desired  the ideas are good . the performances help create tension . there isn  t an abundance of death and destruction in the film   there  s more of an abundance of home repair nightmares . but neither menace is really the point .  br    br   the point is human relationships . there are a number of character arcs that are very interesting . the house exists more as a metaphor and a catalyst for stress in a romantic relationship that can make it go sour and possibly destroy it . that it  s in a posh neighborhood  and that the relationship is between two successful yuppies  shows that these problems do not only afflict those who can place blame with some external woe  such as money or health problems . peter  s character evolves from a striving corporate employee with  normal  work  based friendships to someone with more desperation as he becomes subversive  scheming to attain something more liberating and meaningful . at the same time  we learn just how shallow those professional friendships can be . julie goes through an almost literal nervous breakdown  but finally finds liberation when she liberates herself from her failing romantic relationship .  br    br   although   gantry row never quite transcends its made  for  television clunkiness  as a tv movie  this is a pretty good one  with admirable ambitions . anyone fond of haunted house films  psycho films or horror  thrillers with a bit more metaphorical depth should find plenty to enjoy . it certainly isn  t worth spending    for a dvd  that was the price my local pbs station was asking for a copy of the film after they showed it  factoring in shipping and handling    but it  s worth a rental  and it  s definitely worth watching for free .  
daniell steel  s daddy  what a refreshing story . this movie glorified the importance of the family and the importance of parents in the lives of their children . how rare is that  in these times of  heather has two mommies   or what ever  you fill in the blanks  it is easy to see why this theme is not for everyone . with the father  s roles being prominent i was hoping this would be another daniell steel saga . how disappointing to have it end . every character was important and did a fabulous job carrying their role . i would have loved to see each character develop over the years . i loved this movie  it is one i will defiantly watch every time it  s on . good story  good acting  and i hope this isn  t a spoiler  but no obtrusive sex or bad language . yes it touched my heart . warning  get the kleenex ready . what i find sad is that this side of family life is rarely depicted today in our entertainment  be it television or . movie  s . daniell if your listening  you go girl  give us more .  
family problems abound in real life and that is what this movie is about . love can hold the members together through out the ordeals and trials and that is what this movie is about . one man  daddy  has the maturity and fortitude to sustain the family in the face of adversity . the kids grow up  one all be it  in the hard way  to realize that no matter how old they or a parent is  the parent still loves their children and are willing to provide them a cushion when they fall . all the actors portraying their characters did outstanding performances . yes  i shed a tear along the way knowing i had had similar experiences both as a young adult and later as a parent . this true to life is one which every young adult  and parent  would do well to see  although some will not realize it until they too are parents . a must see for those who care about their families .  
it  s heart  warming to see a movie that doesn  t bash males . in this one the wife  mother leaves her family to  get in touch  with herself  or pursue her libido . the father stays with and nurtures the kids  letting neither his work nor his love life interfere with his love of and responsibility to them .  
i must admit  when i read the description of the genre on netflix as  steamy romance  i was a little bit skeptical .  steamy   in a movie from       i was prepared for disappointment . and when i realized it was shot entirely in black  white  i knew my erotic hopes were dashed .  br    br   boy  was i wrong  not only does this film have all of the elements of a steamy romance   the discovery of first love  fear of the secret being found out  a sudden unexpected end   but at times this movie was downright erotic . you will soon forget that it is shot in black  white . the cinematography deserves every accolade it has received over the years . and the performances from the two stars  essy persson and anna gael  are intense and memorable . ok  so they  re both in their mid twenties trying to play school girls . it  s     . do you really expect teenagers from the    s to be able to effectively explore a lesbian love story like this  many adult women were still trying to come to grips with their sexuality back then . anyone looking for real teens here is expecting too much .  br    br   i think this movie was way ahead of its time . the level of eroticism was an unexpected pleasure yet it still managed to leave a lot to the imagination  opting instead to give us poetic descriptions to add to what we were shown .  br    br   i have no doubt lesbians will identify with the characters here . as for you straight guys who love watching lesbians in action although it won  t be all you expect  i don  t think you  ll be too  too disappointed .  
this is a film . .  not porn .  br    br   this is a wonderful film    full of tender moments and memories   a beautiful piece of work    excellent    for intelligent  viewers only     br    br   if you are a film lover . a romantic . a person who has loved deeply  this is your film      br    br   it has a beautiful surreal quality . fine acting and directing . watching this film made me remember my first love .  br    br   thi is a film for those who want to reflect on life  love and the meaning of loss .  br    br   highly recommended for all film lovers .  
it was a serious attempt to show the developing sexuality of two schoolgirls and did not try to exploit its fact even by today  s standards  the film is interesting and provocative  br    br   therese and isabelle are both attending the same girl  s school therese is energetic  intelligent  and becomes a mentor for the innocent  naive  sweet isabelle she guides her through a number of exotic experiences  including a trip through an exclusive brothel  into her first lesbian liaison  and indirectly into her first heterosexual experience  br    br   the film does not exploit any sex  nor is there an abundance of nudity . . . the imagery is effective  but sometimes the camera lingers too long  and the story goes slowly  br    br   the director  radley metzger  went on to make a number of explicit erotic films under the name of henry paris he always has extremely detailed stories  good acting  and very high standards of cinematography . . .  br    br   artistically  however  this is perhaps his most complete his later attempts supplied for entertainment  whereas  therese and isabelle  was a study into the nature of youthful eroticism . . .  
we watched this in my women  s health issues class to point out how women are treated inferior to men in many societies  and i absolutely loved this movie . i plan on trying to get a copy of it myself to watch . the story is very touching and i would recommend it to anyone . i am a fan of different cultures and this movie was just what i needed . this is a movie for the whole family despite its rating . this is a movie i will show to my children . the professor of our class meant for the movie to primarily be a too to educate about women  but this movie was more than that . it is one of those movies that will forever stick out in my mind and will be a favorite .  
i was going to bed with my gf last night  and while she was brushing her teeth  i flipped channels until i came across this chinese movie called the king of masks . at first i thought it was going to be a kung fu movie  so i started watching it  and then it immediately captured me in  and i had to finish it .  br    br   the little girl in the movie was absolutely adorble . she was such a great actor for being so little . maybe the fact it was in chinese  so the english was dubbed made it harder for me to tell . . . but she really seemed to be in character perfectly . i felt so bad for the girl as she kept trying to please her  boss  but everything just turned out rotten . lol . even when she brings him another grandson  just so he can pass on his art . . . it turns out that kid was kidnapped  so he gets arrested and has  days to live . lol . . . whatever she touches in an effort to be nice to her grandpa  just backfires .  br    br   in the end  he sees how much love is in her and teaches her the art of masks . . . which is just so heartwarming after all the mishaps in the movie .  br    br   definitely a gem  and totally original .  br    br   scott  
i admit to being somewhat jaded about the movie genre of a young child softening the heart of his  her reluctant guardian . i  ve seen enough of them  baby boom  kolya  about a boy  mostly martha  and to some extent  whale rider  to expect to be bored by the formula . what held my attention in the king of masks was the grimness of the setting small  town china in the      s . extreme poverty was the norm  and girl children were considered so worthless to poor parents that they killed them at birth or gave them to whomever would take them on the black market . when wang discovers his purchased grandson  whom he  s nicknamed  doggie   is a granddaughter  he initially casts her out  even though she  s showed great promise as street  performing heir . even after he reluctantly takes her back  he  s not too upset when she  s kidnapped . the film is gritty then  showing the lengths to which a young  street  smart girl had to go to survive in that society .  br    br   the two lead performances are believable and beguiling in their societal context . in a western society  one would expect at least a hint of resentment from wang at not having achieved more material success . wang so thoroughly accepts his station as a celebrated artist with low societal status  though  that i did  too . while doggie exhibits a level of precociousness and cunning that would be suspect in a modern  suburban child  it  s completely believable in the context of a kid constantly in survival mode in a society that treats poor girls like garbage . and after learning that her previous seven owners have physically and mentally abused her  her fierce attachment to wang makes perfect sense .  br    br   the peek at small  town life in a foreign country  the naturalness of the two lead actors  the surprising plot twists  and of course  the heartwarming resolution all contribute to a very watchable film .  
this movie is the best film ever . i can  t remember the last time a movie has drawn tears out of me . with a tear in my eye  i admire this movie . it has all the elements that a good movie must have excellent dialogues  music  acting  story  plot . a story of friendship  courage  kindliness and loyalty between a street performing who famous to the king of masks and a little girl that sold as a boy in serf bazaar . little girl liked to be his granddaughter and king of masks liked a grandson . they were not conventional in real . every scene they were together was priceless . the camera work is flawless and grips you . the acting is inspired . xu zhu was excellent as the king of masks . renying zhou  doggie  looks pretty and played her character very well . zhigang zhao as liang sao lang was great . he played his helpful and kindhearted character extremely well . if you have  t this movie  try it once  do watch it .  
verhoeven  s movie was utter and complete garbage . he  s a disgusting hack of a director and should be ashamed . by his own admission  he read  chapters of the book  got bored  and decided to make the whole thing up from scratch .  br    br   heinlein would have never supported that trash if he  d been alive to see it . it basically steals the name  mocks politics of the book  which is a good portion of it   and throws in some ta so the average idiot american moviegoer doesn  t get bored .  br    br   this anime isn  t perfect  but it  s at least mostly accurate  as best i can tell .  
wang bianlian is an old street performer who is known as a  king of masks  for his mastery of sichuan change art . liang is a famous opera performer of sichuan art and respects wang as an artist and as a person . liang is worried that a precious art shouldn  t die with wang and so he sows the seed of an heir in to wang  s mind . the film is about prejudices  male domination  state of art  values and most importantly warmth .  br    br   i can  t recommend this film enough . the whole film is in loops . everything has a significance . its a long story which has been edited so well that the length of the film is just   minutes . a total satisfaction . for five minutes it is an artistic film  next five minutes its a sad film  next five minutes its a thriller . it just keeps changing its mood like its protagonist changes his face . last scene on the rope is phenomenal . story and script is flawless . actors are brilliant . both the protagonists are artists you can tell the way they have performed . very impressive . it was not even nominated for oscars . that year  english patient  got the best film oscar and in the foreign film category  kolya  won .  kolya  was just ok and about  english patient  the lesser said the better . watch it     .  
one of the most heart  warming foreign films i  ve ever seen .  br    br   the young girl is an amazing talent . stellar performances by her  doggie   the old man  the king of masks   and liang  the living boddhisatva  .  br    br    spoiler  the deplorable treatment of children  especially females is disturbing .  br    br   loved the music . the original chinese dialog heightens the emotional intensity of the performances and the story .  br    br   this is a must see   enjoyable family film  although not for very young children . would have rated the dvd release even higher if the soundtrack had been transferred better onto the dvd and the transfer had included the widescreen version .  
wow . what a wonderful film . the script is nearly perfect it appears this is the only film written by minglun wei  i hope he has more stories in him .  br    br   the acting is sublime . renying zhou as doggie was amazing   very natural talent  and xu zhu was a delight  very believable as the jaded old traditionalist .  br    br   the soundtrack was very effective  guiding without being overwhelming .  br    br   if only more movies like this were made whether in hollywood or hong kong  a family friendly  well acted  well written  well directed  near perfect gem .  
the filming is pleasant and the environment is keenly realistic . i liked that it boldly redresses conceptions of the many difficult moral and social morays of the      s chinese  mainland countryside as well as more basic human questions  i felt i could get a real sense of the times  recreated even in splendid shots of traditional chinese theatre and in purist depictions of street living . it seemed worthwhile to experience . the interwoven role which buddhism plays is probably the most true  to  form  both in its menial and in its philosophic aspect  perhaps the most effective that i  ve seen in chinese film . casting is great . images are memorable . acting is solid enough . thematically puerile but still rich enough to compliment the vehicle of its expression .  
the king of masks is a beautifully told story that pits the familial gender preference towards males against human preference for love and companionship . set in     s china during a time of floods  we meet wang  an elderly street performer whose talents are magical and capture the awe of all who witness him . when a famous operatic performer sees and then befriends wang  he invites wang to join their troupe . however  we learn that wang  s family tradition allows him only to pass his secrets to a son . learning that wang is childless  wang is encouraged to find an heir before the magic is lost forever . taking the advice to heart  wang purchases an  year old to fulfill his legacy he would teach his new son  doggie  the ancient art of silk masks . soon  wang discovers a fact about doggie that threatens the rare and dying art .  br    br   together  wang and doggie create a bond and experience the range of emotions that invariably accompany it . the story is absorbing . the setting is serene and the costuming simple . summarily  it is an international award winning art film which can  t help but to move and inspire .  
this is a superb movie  suitable for all but the very youngest  though accessibility for younger people was marred  at least in the print which i saw  by the use of some unfortunate choice of english sub  titling  for much of the film it is almost impossible to guess in which time  period it is set  there is no modern technology shown  not even the ubiquitous chinese bicycle  just a drab  almost monochrome  everyday life  against which is contrasted the dazzling display of the sezuan opera and of celebratory fireworks . even when a group of soldiers refer to their imminent departure for a theatre of war  this could still be any time in the past    years .  br    br   but then we briefly see a motor car  late   s  early   s style  and we realise that we are watching a china on the verge of huge upheavals  and that much of the world we are seeing is about to be swept away in the cataclysm of world war  and the communist revolution .  br    br   which makes the central character  s desire to adhere to old customs and traditions all the more poignant .  br    br   but the film also raises issues which are of vital importance even today  both within china and in other parts of the world the inequality between boys and girls  men and women the trade  for various purposes  in young children corruption in society injustice the importance of friendship .  br    br   maybe i  m reading too much into this film but i don  t think so  i also think that it is a scandal that films of this calibre are often not shown in the united kingdom  whilst dross is passed off as quality material .  br    br   but don  t get me started on that . . .  
king of masks  bian lian in china  is a shockingly beautiful and profoundly touching film . winner of   awards from around the world  this film based on a true story centers on wang bianlian  a street performer in     s china who is growing older but has no heir to pass on his art of face  change opera . he has a unique talent of quickly changing masks in performance  and no one knows how he does it . he has a longing desire to have a grandson  as his art is a family heirloom that can only be passed on to a male heir . we then go to the streets  and see that people are selling their children because they can  t afford to take care of them some are even begging to take their daughters for free  because daughters are not worth much in this society . wang bianlian  s story goes on from there .  br    br   the film was so astonishingly good  the acting was amazing  and the issues were so weighty and well  addressed . there is the gender inequality and the depressing fact that in this time and place  no one wants a little girl . also interesting to note is that the famed opera actor who always plays a woman and is known as the living bodhisattva is a man who dresses as a woman  and while he is famous and well  respected  he regards himself as something low  a half woman . as we go further into the film  the face the issues of human slave trade and its demand and thus the lack of a possible solution for it  the brutality and corruption of the military and police  and the helplessness and lack of power any individual can face due to unfortunate events or even good intentions .  br    br   this is definitely one of the best movies i have ever seen in my life  and xu zhu  the actor who plays wang bianlian  presents yet another beautiful performance .  
this is how movies are supposed to be made a fascinating setting characters about whom you come to care deeply writing and editing that move the plot efficiently and build suspense . this is a wonderful film   deeply moving without being sentimental . highly recommended .  
this movie was excellent . a sad truth to how culture tends to clash with the sexes . this is just one big warm fuzzy type of movie . you have the master who is steeped in tradition and kind hearted in his own way  doggie despite being a girl thing to win his affections and you top it off with one cute monkey with a thousand facial expressions . this equals on big happy movie in the end . this movie does a good job at showing how steeped in tradition one can be  so steeped that they are willing to die without sharing their secrets . you see sides to a culture never seen before which helps enhance the drama that unfolds near the end of the picture . the cinema  photography is excellent  in particular the opening parade sequence with all the sparkers . bound to be in oscar contention for best foreign film .  
this movie is worth seeing for the visual beauty and moving acting alone  but there also is an interesting cultural subtext of alienation . women and performers  both brought together in a supporting role of a transvestite opera star  are both doomed to be relegated to subserviant roles in china . this makes the unlikely bonding between an aged street performer and a young girl even stronger as a triumph over the native culture .  br    br   the only problem i had with this movie was the tendency of the soundtrack to swell up with emotion rendered unnecessary by the actors  performance .  br    br   a welcome alternative to unsatisfying summer action movies .  
robert a . heinlein  s classic novel starship troopers has been messed around with in recent years  in everything to paul verhoeven  s     film to a tv series  to a number of games . but none of these  so to speak  has really captured the spirit of his novel . the games are usually unrelated  the tv series was more of a spin off  and the less said about verhoeven  s film  the better . little do most know  however  that in japan  an animated adaptation had already been done  released the year of heinlein  s death . and  believe it or not  despite its differences  this   part animated series is  plot  wise  the most faithful adaptation of heinlein  s classic .  br    br   the most obvious plus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons  something we were deprived of in verhoeven  s film . like the book  the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel  though we see a fair amount of each . while events happen differently than in the book  the feel of the book  s plot is present . rico and carmen have a romantic entanglement  but it  s only slightly more touched upon than in the book . while some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book  it gets a bit of the anime treatment  but what did you expect    but it  s far superior to the film . heinlein  s political views are merely excised  as opposed to the film  where they are reversed . the big payoff of the series  however  is the climatic battle on klendathu between the troopers and the bugs  aliens  which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version .  br    br   overall  i enjoyed this series because i wanted to see a vision closer to that of heinlein . and i think they did pretty well with this . if you can find this series  give it a look .  
as i was watching this film on video last night  i kept getting these tingles that told me this one will endure . i  ve a feeling i  ll be watching this again and again for years to come .  br    br   it  s got all the timeless qualities you could ask for in a story  film . and even though some cultural references are obscure for me  a western viewer  at the core this is a universal tale .  
when tradition dictates that an artist must pass his great skills and magic on to an heir  the aging and very proud street performer  known to all as  the king of masks   becomes desperate for a young man apprentice to adopt and cultivate .  br    br   his warmth and humanity  tho  find him paying a few dollars for a little person displaced by china  s devastating natural disasters  in this case  massive flooding in the      s .  br    br   he takes his new   year old companion  onto his straw houseboat  to live with his prized and beautiful monkey   general   only to discover that the he  child is a she  child .  br    br   his life is instantly transformed  as the love he feels for this little slave girl becomes entwined in the stupifying tradition that requires him to pass his art on only to a young man .  br    br   there are many stories inside this one . . . many people are touched  and the culture of china opens itself for our western eye to observe . thousands of years of heritage boil down into a teacup of drama  and few will leave this dvd behind with a dry eye .  br    br   the technical transfer itself is not that great  as i found the sound levels all over the meter  and could actually see the video transfer lines in several parts of the movie . highly recommended        stars .  
an unexpected pleasure as i had heard nothing about this film .  br    br   shameful since it warrants having a wider audience .  br    br   a wonderfully humane story with a social message gently told  although admittedly predictable in its resolution . solidly acted by the principals . beautifully photographed with muted colors floating against grey that captures the nostalgic tone of the film .  br    br   my recent foray into chinese film  shower  the road home  not one less  has been an exciting one that i hope to continue exploring . china and its people is an amazing canvas for film  makers .  the king of masks  can be highly recommended as a starting point for anyone similarly interested in recent chinese film .  br    br    
one of the great things about many of the superb chinese movies you can find  if you are lucky  in the video stores  is they are very accurate retellings of actual  true stories . farewell  my concubine  the emperor and the assassin and this movie are perfect examples . the film makers take a true story and work hard to accurately create a movie without compromising the facts for dramatic or commercial convenience   the hallmark of much hollywood  and especially disney films .  br    br   in this story we follow the later years of an famous local street performer dubbed the king of masks for his mastery of sichuan change art . along an having lost his only son many years earlier  he searches to find a male heir to carry on his rare and dying art in a society that forbids females to have such work . master wang is sold a son by a slave trader . all is well as he joyfully prepares to pass down his art . but the son eventually is found out to be a girl . from there  the story get very interesting  with a good performance by master liang of the sichuan opera   a regional operatic style related to peking opera . fans of farewell my concubine should look carefully at master liang  s portrayal of a male playing the female role in chinese opera . it may help them come to understand that the players of these female roles were probably not homosexuals or castrati  but people who have be so psychologically conditioned as to be totally unaware of their own sexuality .  
quote by nicolas martin  nicmart  from houston  tx  fine film  but dvd  reformatted for tv    april      this is a charming and emotive film . on the other hand  the dvd i purchased has been  reformatted to fit your tv  by the clods at columbia tristar . there is no excuse for not providing the film in widescreen format  except that hollywood treats all films like the moronic  disposable trash that it is so used to producing . what a shame .   br    br   what a  criminal   shame indeed . however  there is another version out though . see here for details http   www . dvdbeaver . com  film  dvdcompare   kingofmasks . htm  br    br   wonderful performances by the two main actors  the king and doggie  btw .  
  masks  is a moving film that works on many levels . at its simplest  it is the haunting story of a street performer who bonds with a young child while trying to pass along his creative art  masks  to the next generation . although  at times the story makes the old man into a job  it is so well crafted  written  acted  directed  wonderful production values   it is easy to move beyond his plight . and  if you hang with it  the film is ultimately very sweet and uplifting . kudos all around . this is a wonderful film for children as well as adults . the trick is how to get americans who may not like foreign language films to see it   
beautiful and touching movie . rich colors  great settings  good acting and one of the most charming movies i have seen in a while . i never saw such an interesting setting when i was in china . my wife liked it so much she asked me to log on and rate it so other would enjoy too .  
this is probably my favorite movie of all time . it is perfection in its storytelling . it will break your heart not because it  s over sentimental but because you will truly feel every emotion these characters go through . you feel for doggie because of the hopeless situation that existed for young girls in china at that time .  
it  s a tale that could have taken place anywhere really  given the right circumstances . street entertainer catching the attention of famous opera star and friendship ensuing . the aging entertainer finds  buys a male child to pass his art to . from there  we follow them through the rigors of their challenging  but free life along the river . traveling town to town  he performs and has some degree of notoriety . despite the times and the influences  the man is kind and good .  br    br   overall  the performances are first rate  especially xu zhu  who portrays the street performer . the child  renying zhou  is beautiful  and downright strong  and withstands the overt prejudices well . the two protagonists  along with supporting help from the kind opera singer  master liang  an interestingly androgynous zhao zhigang   paint a very interesting tale of forgiveness  sadness and love . some have mentioned this film  s remote similarities to ba wang bie ji  farewell my concubine   yet this film can  t stand easily on its own  any resemblance is remote at best .  br    br   my only qualm with the king of masks  is the ending . it was weak  cliche and about as subtle as a sledgehammer . the audience was already wrapped up in the story  what was the needless manipulation for  what a shame . to bring a fine motion picture that far  only to surrender to emotional  and corny  pathos like that . it frankly made this film good  instead of the classic  it should  ve been . that aside  the king of masks is still very well worth your time . i was happy to see the shaw brothers are still producing good films . highly recommended .  
i enjoyed the cinematographic recreation of china in the     s in this beautiful film . the story is simple . an older male performer wants to pass on his art to a young man although he has no living children . the faces of the actors are marvelous to see . the story reveals the devotion and gratitude of children to those who treat them well and their longing to be treated well . the operas in the film remind me of farewell my concubine  which was more sophisticated and intricate . the story here reminds me of a dickens tale of days when children were almost chattel . the plot is a bit predictable and a bit too sentimental for me but well worth the time to view for the heroism  humanity  and history portrayed .  
ok  let  s get this clear . i  m really not into sci  fi  but for some reason i love stargate sg   .  br    br   jack o  neil takes his team sg   through a stargate . a round device that creates a wormhole . it gives you the ability to travel to distant worlds . it might sound like your usual sci  fi  series  but it  s not  the plot is set today not in some distant millennium like many other sci  fi  series . i find that great . it gives you things  happenings and such you can relate to  and you can jump into the series at any time without having to learn many new terms and names of all the gadgets . they have some of course but thanks to o  neil who likes to keep a simple terminology  there  s not many .  br    br   the series has a nice blending of action  humor and drama . if you enjoy loads of special effects you  re not going to find it here . they don  t use many bad ones but a limited amount of well made special effects .  
in the rapid economic development of      s in china  there is a resurgence of traditional chinese culture  partially due to the rise of nationalism accompanied by the increase in wealth  and more importantly  due to the sense of spiritual belonging after the collapse of the old socialist ideology in the post cultural  revolutionary era .  br    br   however  the resurgence of chinese traditional culture  namely  the confucianism  was not without disasters  because chinese are adopted the entire tradition without eliminating the bad part  and the discrimination against girls demonstrated in this film is an excellent example .  br    br   moreover  not only the part that should be discarded were inherited  the good part that was supposed to be inherited  such as the traditional opera  and its technique  such as changing face  was ignored in the resurgence  and facing extinction .  br    br   the director used this film to criticize the problem of re  embracing tradition by contemporary china and this is the deeper meaning behind the movie .  
this is a beautiful  rich  and very well  executed film with a rich and meaningful story . basically  it tells how an old master story teller needs to find a  male  heir to carry on his craft  but ends up not getting what he expected in his very male  dominated world . the characters must then deal with their situation and the old master must grapple with the conflict between his desire for a companion and heir and his and society  s traditional notions .  br    br   the story is fun  emotional  and complex . the exploration of the characters  their lives  and emotions  is rich and compelling the character development is strong while the characters are complex and not one dimensional at all . the film expertly conveys the old man  s emotions and his desire to find an heir  and compellingly shows how he and the kid handle the situation . there is also humour  sometimes quite subtle  at appropriate points . the film also examines the good and bad of traditional chinese culture  creating further interest and depth to the film .  br    br   the directing  acting  and scenery are all outstanding . added to the other strengths  this creates rich and convincing visual images and compelling  real characters . as a result  the film evokes strong empathy for  and feelings about  the characters .  br    br   some have claimed that the ending weakens the film  but i do not necessarily agree . perhaps it could have been stronger with a different ending  but any improvement in the overall film would have been rather small .  
the movie is truly poignant  unique and uplifting . the story is universal in that it  s a battle between good  evil and the world between . the most important thing is that its rating is wrong  misleading  and a travesty . blockbuster has it rated as though it were an x rated movie . the truth is is that it is closer to g than pg and should be seen by children who can read the clear and simple sub  titles .  
the fact that this film was put out on dvd still formatted  to tv and with a fuzzy picture really annoyed a lot of film purists . . . . . . and rightly so . this deserves a lot better treatment .  br    br   the story is about a street performer who needs a son to pass on his craft  the rules of the day  and winds up with a little girl instead  not the conventional way  . . . . and the problems that ensue afterward . the old man had bought the kid at a slave auction and soon discovers the kid is not a boy  which he obviously thought was the case .  br    br   the old man  bianlian wang  xu zhu  is kind of funny  looking with a missing front tooth and an infectious grin . the little girl  doggie   zhou renying  is a cutie . the rest of the story is how the two manage after that . i usually like a nice sentimental ending but this gets a bit carried away in the final   minutes .  br    br   overall  it  s involving story complete with drama  suspense  humor and sadness . just don  t expect a good quality picture for the money you are spending on the dvd . until it comes out on widescreen  rent it .  
this spectacular film is one of the most amazing movies i have ever seen . it shows a china i had never seen or imagined  and i believe it shows      s china in the most real light ever seen in a movie . it is absolutely heart  breaking in so many situations  seeing how hard life was for the characters  and yet the story and the ending are incredibly joyful . you truly see the depths and heigths of human existence in this film . the actors are all perfect  such that you feel like you have really entered a different world .  br    br   i simply can not recommend this movie highly enough . it may just change you forever once you have seen it .  
i just saw this movie today with my children  son    and daughter   .   at the  rd annual roger ebert overlooked film festival . after the film the children in the audience were allowed to ask questions to the director  tian  ming wu . he  through a translator  told several stories about his life and the making of the film .  br    br   all tangents aside  both of my children really enjoyed this movie . of course  i had to paraphrase many of the subtitles for my daughter  but much of the film is visually self  explanatory .  br    br   i won  t give anything away  but the bottom line is that this film is so much better than    of the hollywood crap  especially children  s films  out there .  br    br   cheers .  br    br   p . s . there is a  real   original king of masks who can  could do   masks at once . the actor in the movie trained and learned to do up to  masks at a time  then they would cut and change to  new masks  .  
this is a lot of silliness about a woman from london who marries a tea planter from ceylon whom she barely knows . it  s full of cliches  and the liz taylor character is not believable . it has a marvelous set  some exotic location footage . it shows taylor at the height of her beauty . she looks stunning .  
fabulous costumes by edith head who painted them on liz taylor at her finest   br    br   the sfx are very good for a movie of its age  and the stunt doubles actually looked like the actors  even down to body type  a rarity in movies of this vintage .  br    br   a cozy movie  with splendid panoramas   even when chopped down to pan and scan .  
elephant walk       starring an early peter finch as lord of the manor in some god  forsaken plantation where there is always the danger of elephants or mad englishmen  staying out in the midday sun and going berserk . well eventually they do  after the typhoid or cholera outbreak  of course  and much mayhem ensues . taylor replaced an ailing vivien leigh in this pot boiler  adventure flick . when the elephants storm the house and trap liz on the grand staircase i still get goose bumps . thank goodness dana andrews is around to save the day . one of my favorite guilty pleasures . in color too   
 . . . or type on a computer keyboard  they  d probably give this eponymous film a rating of    .  after all  no elephants are shown being killed during the movie it is not even implied that any are hurt . to the contrary  the master of elephant walk  john wiley  peter finch   complains that he cannot shoot any of the pachyderms   no matter how menacing   without a permit from the government  and his tone suggests such permits are not within the realm of probability  . furthermore  the elements conspire   in the form of an unusual drought and a human cholera epidemic   to leave the wiley plantation house vulnerable to total destruction by the elephant people  as the natives dub them  to close the story . if you happen to see the current release earth  you  ll detect the elephant people are faring less well today .  
i got in to this excellent program in about season  and since then i have seen all the episodes got all the episodes on dvd and keeps getting better and better with the seasons of  and   . it now may not have richard dean anderson now but the addition of ben browder and claudie black it has still given the show more strength and original still even after   seasons . sadly now the sci  fi channel got rid of this amazing show with no hope relay for a   season there are making two direct to dvd movie and hopefully more . atlantis is still going strong on its  th seasons . and there is a third spin off in the works the stargate franchise is nowhere near dead . this tv show is a must see for all sci  fi fans and people of genres because this has such a wide range of things to appeal to all ages and all types of people watch it            
i was prepared for a turgid talky soap opera cum travelogue  but was pleased to find a fast  paced script  an underlying moral  excellent portrayals from all the actors  especially peter finch  amazing special effects  suspense  and beautiful cinematography   there  s even a shot of the majestic stone buddhas recently destroyed by the taliban . not to mention elizabeth taylor at her most gloriously beautiful and sympathetic  before she gave in to the gaspy hysterics that marred her later work . all the supporting players round it out  and i do wonder who trained all those elephants .  br    br   speaking of the stone  buddha sequence  you really can discern that it  s vivien leigh in the long shots . her shape and the way she moves is distinct from taylor  s . the only thing marring that sequence are the poorly done process shots  where the background moves by much too fast for horses at a walk .  br    br   if you want a thought  provoking film that is beautiful to watch and never boring  spend a few hours with elephant walk .  
i watched  elephant walk  for the first time in about   years and was struck by how similar the story line is to the greatly superior  rebecca .  as others have said  you have the sweet young thing swept off her feet by the alternately charming and brooding lord of the manor  only to find her marriage threatened by the inescapable memory of a larger  than  life yet deeply flawed relative . you have the stern and disapproving servant  a crisis that will either bind the couple together or tear them irreparably apart  climaxed by the fiery destruction of the lavish homestead .  br    br   meanwhile   elephant walk  also owes some of its creepy jungle atmosphere to  the letter   the bette davis love triangle set on a singapore rubber plantation rather than a sri lankan tea plantation .  br    br   maltin gives  elephant walk  just two stars  and imdb readers aren  t much kinder  but i enjoyed it despite its predictability . elizabeth taylor never looked lovelier  and peter finch does a credible job as the basically good man unable to shake off the influence of his overbearing father . dana andrews   a favorite in  laura  and  the best year of our lives    is wasted as elizabeth  s frustrated admirer . the real star is the bungalow  one of the most beautiful interior sets in movie history .  
the scintillating elizabeth taylor stars in this lesser  known classic as a young girl from london who falls in love with a tea plantation owner from british ceylon  current day sri lanka  . upon arrival she instantly feels out of place and is forced to adapt to the new culture as well as be in constant awareness of the angry elephant herd . william dieterle  who also directed the life of emile zola and portrait of jennie  does a masterful job of bringing a somewhat dark  and almost eerie  undertone to this romance and the setting is one of the most beautiful i  ve seen with the black and white themed mansion and the gorgeous island scenery .  
a beautiful shopgirl in london is swept off her feet by a millionaire tea plantation owner and soon finds herself married and living with him at his villa in british ceylon . although based upon the book by robert standish  this initial set  up is highly reminiscent of hitchock  s  rebecca   with leading lady elizabeth taylor clashing with the imposing chief of staff at the mansion and  almost immediately  her own husband  who is still under the thumb of his deceased  but  dominant father . taylor  a last  minute substitute for an ailing vivien leigh  looks creamy  smooth in her high fashion wardrobe  and her performance is quite strong however  once husband peter finch starts drinking heavily and barking orders at her  one might think her dedication to him rather masochistic  this feeling hampers the ending as well  . still  the film offers a heady lot for soap buffs romantic drama  a bit of travelogue  interpretive dance  an elephant stampede  and a perfectly  timed outbreak of cholera   from   
elephant walk may not be the acme of literature or of film  but it is great entertainment in the quasi  melodramatic mode . it is the story of love  both genuine and illicit  as well as overweening ambition  devotion  and the arrogance of personal tyranny . a previous reviewer  john mankin  questions why the central focus of the film  the mansion called elephant walk  should have been built by the former owner  the  governor  the late tom wiley  right across the elephants  traditional path to the major source of water  the river . to miss this point is to essentially miss the point of the whole center of the film the hubris of man . that his son  played by peter finch  should become enthralled by the super image and enigma of his revered father  is not unexpected  since the son was without a mother growing up in a foreign jungle with only his father and his father  s rowdy  boys  club  as his role models . the point of the father was that he was a self  made man who would tame nature to his liking  and that liking was not just a tea plantation upon the lands the elephants once dominated  but also that he would dominate even the large bull elephant that led the herd  and thus he would dominate his son and all around him  and so we join the tale after the elephants have been denied the crucial dry season access to their pathway to water . who could know that this dry season would last so long and what the elephants would do in desperation to get water  this is the nexus of the film what will animals do to get water what will humans do to get power or love  ceylon  today  s sri lanka  is the huge island off the coast of india where the plantation is located and one quickly learns that it is the real scenery of the story  not just the expenses of miss taylor . were it not for this exotic location  much of the film was shot in ceylon   and the magnificent  bungalow  this would have been just another potboiler . one must recognize the atmosphere created here as integral to the time and place  as it illuminates the latter day wealth and power attained by the english immigrant  conquerors  that were part and parcel of the british raj . it is only such wealth gained by the use of virtual slave labor that one could build so magnificent a residence of ebony  teak  and marble . not to be overlooked are the wonderfully carved jalees  grille work window and doorway borders  evidently specified by art directors j . mcmillan johnson and hal pereira and obviously made by the cheaper labor on the island . such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought .  br    br   for those immune to the blandishments of time  place  and architecture  there is always the allure of miss taylor  as she marries a man she doesn  t really know and is tacitly wooed by a another man  against the background described  and under the overarching tyranny of the legacy of a man deceased . as i said  it is not great literature nor even great film  but it is great spectacle long before that term was debased by the special effects extravaganzas of today .  br    br   this is one of those films made to be seen on the giant screen of an outdoor drive  in  not on the home tv  so arrange the largest screen to see it on to fully appreciate its fine camera  work and scope .  
my parents took me to this movie when i was nine years old . i have never forgotten it . i had never before seen anything as beautiful as elizabeth taylor .  she was twenty  two when she made elephant walk  remember  i  m nine  so the feelings aren  t sexual  i just couldn  t see anything else on the screen . i just wanted to sit at her feet like a puppy and stare up at her . she has begun to show her age   she  s almost seventy  four  but i still believe her to be one of the most beautiful and breathtaking women to ever have lived .  br    br   i have seen the movie several times since  and it is a sappy melodrama . what saves it is  of course  miss taylor  s beauty  magnificent scenery  the very impressive elephant stampede  and a well  made point on human arrogance in the face of nature .  br    br   all in all  a well  spent couple of hours watching the movie channel or a rented video .  
robert standish  s novel is about a triangular romantic situation on a ceylonese tea plantation . . . so the events of the ceylon backgrounds and pictorial beauty are rewarding points to william dieterle  s film . . .  br    br   the story is about a rich powerful planter  peter finch   who brings a charming and tender beauty  elizabeth taylor   into the jungle as his bride . . . the plantation  of course  is endangered by some kind of wild life . . . for this reason taylor  elegant as never in dazzling costumes  finds herself in a strange atmosphere . . . the echo determination of a ghost  the bad temper of a husband obsessed by the memory of his autocratic father  a highly dangerous disease  and the fury of wild animals . . .  br    br   in her confusion  boredom and annoyance elizabeth taylor looks to a friendly face  a pretentious foreman  dana andrews   who admires her beauty but tries to conquer her love . . .  br    br   with echoes of  jane eyre   the mysterious yorkshire mansion with a brooding master  and  rebecca   the innocent young second wife hunted by the image of the glamorous first wife   elephant walk  is a menace melodrama with a wide view of a huge tropical bungalow  exotic dances with rage excessively colorful  stampeding big bull elephants  amazing mansion set on fire  all in the company of an exquisite creature with an unquestioned beauty and talent . . .  br    br   the movie gave liz a change of scenery  and allowed her more creative energy and self  respect than most of her other willful debutante  rebels the wife here has a sharp tongue and a strong will  and so taylor plays her movie star heroine with more spirit than she was given credit for  
one of the first ova  s   original video animation   i ever bought  this still has to be one of my favourite anime titles . a cyberpunk sci  fi action comedy set against an unlikely  for a comedy  that is  background of near  future pollution in a dystopian society .  br    br   the  heroes  of dominion are the tank police  formed with a  if we can  t beat crime  we  ll get bigger guns  philosophy  and who are  like the name suggests  patrolling the city in tanks instead of patrol cars  and who are actually far more dangerous than any criminals they are trying to catch . most  if not all  of these cops are borderline    psychopaths and neurotics  giving new meaning to the phrase  loose cannons  .  br    br   equally colourful and amusing are their adversaries  terrorist buaku and his hench  wo  men  the twin cat sisters  whose existence always seems to involve giving the tank police a hard time .  br    br   the animation is not state of the art  but it  s very nice otherwise the colourful palette and cartoonish look of the characters and mecha fit nicely with the comedic atmosphere of dominion .  br    br   the english dubbing is  again  lots of fun . the soundtrack of the english version is also very good . i wonder if they ever made a soundtrack album of that . . .  br    br   anyway  dominion tank police is great . it  s japanese cyberpunk sf with lots of comedy  filled with completely over  the  top characters and situations  making sure that it never takes itself seriously . highly recommended .  
dominion tank police is without a shell of a doubt  one of the most amazing shows ever produced  but not just in the field of animation . while the first part  acts  and   mostly consists of action and fun  the second part is more serious and one should not treat the second part in the exact same way as first part . the subtleties are truly out of this world and the characterization is beyond brilliant . you must have an extra degree of intelligence to appreciate the intricacies of the second part  acts   and   . i do have some complaints though . in the first part  the tank bonaparte quite literally jumps over a tank shell and it did not make any sense at all . one might also question the plausibility of bonaparte jumping on the wing of helicopter gunship even though it was cool . buaku rules .  
the anime that got me hooked on anime . . .  br    br   set in the year      hey  that  s not too far away now   the earth is now poison gas wasteland of pollution and violence . seeing as how crimes are happening ever   seconds are so and committed by thieves who have the fire power of third world terrorists  the government of the fictional new port city form the tank police to deal with the problem  cops with tanks  oh the insanity   br    br   the  heroes  of this series include the new recruit leona ozaki  a red haired japanese woman  yeah i know  they never match their distinctly japanese names with a japanese appearance  who has just been drafted into the tank police and is quickly partnered with blond  blue eyed nice guy al . leona is new at using tanks and unfortunately she destroys the favorite tank of tank police commander charles britain  also known as  brenten    a big guy who looks like tom selleck on steroids and sporting a pair of nifty sunglasses  a big revolver and a bad temper . britain didn  t like having leona join the tank police in the first place and her wrecking his tiger special  a giant green monster tank  doesn  t exactly endear her to him  nor is he fond of her taking the remains of his giant tank and using it to build a mini  tank that she nicknames bonaparte and he is soon pushing to have her transferred to child welfare  where the boys are more your size  as he puts it . there  s also specs  the bifocal genius  bible quoting  god fearing chaplain  purple mo  hawked mohican  and the pot bellied chief  who  s right on the edge thanks to the mayor always yelling at him about the tank police antics . seeing as how the tank cops often destroy half the city while chasing the bad guys and use extreme violence to capture them  they  re not very well liked by the people .  br    br   the  villains  are a cyborg named buaku who  s got a mysterious past that  s connected with a project known as  green peace   his gang and his two sexy cat cyborg sidekicks anna  uni puma . in the first installment these guys are being paid to steal urine samples from a hospital treating people who haven  t been infected by the poison gas clouds and in the  nd they  re hired to steal a painting that is of a naked buaku . the story  however  was uncompleted in the anime and was finished up in a cult comic   manga   book that  s very hard to find .  br    br   all sorts of chaos and mayhem ensue in this black comic venture that examines how far people want their police to go in order to catch criminals and what happens when the fine line between good guys and bad guys starts to get blurred . this is the kind of thing that if you were going to make a movie of it  you  d better go get quentin tarantino . uneven in places but still a lot of fun .  br    br   followed by  new dominion tank police  .  
fact stargate sg   is a cheesy sci  fi tv series .  br    br   there  s no escaping facts . how much you try to excuse yourself or explain it stargate sg   remains a cheesy sci  fi tv series .  br    br   stargate sg   does borrow and steal ideas briskly . special fx aren  t nearly as impressive as they could have been and the action isn  t going to blow you out of the chair . or couch for that matter either .  br    br   but  and this is where i really think stargate sg   deserves all the credit it can get  for each and every episode or stolen idea i think you can count at least one cheesy sci  fi movie that  s actually worse than a one hour tv episode .  br    br   in fact some episodes actually could probably have been   minutes long and still have been better than most movies .  br    br   and being able to keep that quality throughout the show and keep delivering and pushing the storyline further is what makes stargate sg   special .  br    br   i am very picky with my selections . i follow perhaps one or two tv series at most and i hold pretty high standards which made me even more surprised when i found myself caught .  br    br   so for those who decide to brush of stargate sg   as yet another tacky sci  fi show  don  t . stick with it and you  ll see what i  m talking about .  
scott bartlett  s  offon  is nine minutes of pure craziness . it is a full  frontal assault of psychedelic  pulsating  epilepsy  inducing flashing lights and colours  and the first true merging of film and video in avante  garde cinema . there  s no story to speak of  but bartlett uses images of nature  particularly the human face and form  to provoke a sequence of emotional reactions  integrating these biological phenomena into the highly  industrial form of modern technology . in a sense  the film represents the merging of humanity into his tools  his machinery  his technology . this theme connects loosely with the subplot of hal     in stanley kubrick  s       a space odyssey         and  indeed  bartlett  s opening sequence of images  flashing colours before a close  up human eye  recalls dave bowman  s journey through the stargate . the visuals are richly  coloured  a confronting blend of sharp  vivid photography and increasingly  grainy video  as though we  re sitting too close to a television screen as a matter of fact  the end product was recorded from a tv monitor .  br    br   there appears to be some confusion about the film  s release date . imdb lists the film as a     release  but both the national film registry and the national film preservation foundation give     as the correct year . perhaps this disparity reflects the time between the film  s completion and its first public screening . either way  the visuals are distinctly ahead of their time  occasionally reminiscent of a     s music video  and some brisk techno music wouldn  t have gone amiss  either   offon  captures grainy  fragmented images  presenting life from the warped perspective of a computer processing too much information . i had a thought  and please don  t laugh at this free  thinking interpretation  that an extraterrestrial civilisation capturing earth  s television signals might very well receive such a disjointed  alien documentation of human life  a bizarre montage of only vaguely  familiar imagery that couldn  t possibly make any coherent sense . perhaps this is where mankind  with all his technology  is eventually heading  towards an irreversible merging of film and video  of purity and artificiality .  
i stumbled across this  act  i  by pure dumb luck and this was more than a decade ago . this was  nt even what the cover label on the tape mentioned . it amazed me . it intimidated me . it shocked me . i eventually forgot about and almost a decade later  i happened to think about it again . then went and bought both acts . they were even better than i had experienced at first .  br    br   my only complaint is that while the tank police keep on going on and on about being at war with crime  warranting tanks and heavy artillery  it would seem as though they are really having a hard time with criminals . that is either never shown or is simply a lie as they appear to be taking it easy most of the time . if that bit about being in a state of war was really propaganda  it certainly has not been shown as such .  br    br   i don  t think the original japanese version could have been any where as good as the americanized version of this . but regarding the story  there has certainly been some proper explanations lost in translation but it can be excused .  
dominion tank police is an exercise in contradictive film making . the storyline across the  parts blends mindless action  slap  stick humor  touching humanity and thought provoking philosophical questions . it  s hard to believe that there was only one director  as the style changes from episode to episode . a must  see movie for anyone who likes anime .  
i have to start saying it has been a long time since i have seen it  but have seen it  or more times a wonderful little romp that was clearly inspired by the musical  comedy pairings of new or fading stars with musical groups of prominence . kay kyser  s mysteries would be a good example .  br    br   having spike jones unleashed is the best part of the show  as he and his band play many tunes and are a part of the action  doing a fine job of support . hugh o  brien plays the face  buddy hackett the part rumor has it that was offered to lou costello and thus  abbott and costello replacing the leads . don  t know if that was true .  br    br   all in all  a pleasant movie  but important to have that much spike jones and his band on film for history . wish that it was released  as i haven  t seen or heard of it now in two decades . hope it is not lost  
i  ve spent years looking for a copy of this film    mm  dvd  vhs   so i could show it to my kids . the movie is funny  and spike and the members of his band show why they were the best musicians in the business . they had to be that good to play that demented . i like it and recommend it for movie lovers of all ages .  br    br   the movie is about a turn of the century firehouse  with a crew of misfits that are firemen and the department band  when not fighting the fires  . there  s the usual running gags  plus the mayhem of spike jones and his orchestra . also  comedy relief provided by comedian buddy hackett and straight  man hugh o  brien .  
the performance by om puri  smita patil  and sadashiv amrapurkar and the whole chemistry comes off nicely  along with the minimalist approach to story telling and direction by govind nihlani . the dialogues by vijay tendulkar is also great .  br    br   i have not seen another movie like this . it is one whole  each piece so nicely fit in the plot . you cannot not be impressed by this movie .  br    br   amrish puri comes off as the bossy husband and  baap  of om puri . om puri is the young man caught between his sense of duty and his inability to fight the system . sadhashiv as rama shetty gives just about the right touch to the movie with his smiling and soft speaking villain . the first meeting of anand velankar with rama shetty  s at sadhashiv  s place is absoulely stunning . smita patil does not play a main role  but her part is also not distracting from the main plot .  br    br   and to add to this all kafi inamdar plays the role of a cop who has come to terms with the system and its workings . saying right things in the right places and knowing how to keep himself away from trouble . he is also the  guru  of om puri and helps him whenever he gets into trouble .  br    br   the movie not only brings to focus the difficulties faced by a police officer trying to do his duty but also the other side of brutalities in police custody . om puri captures hopelessness and the burning desire to break free in this exceptional performance in ardh satya .  br    br   a treat to all avid fans of indian cinema .  
directed by govind nihalani  this is definite cop film of indian cinema . may be the first one which portrayed the stark reality of corruption in the police force  politics with no holds barred  how it effects on a young cop . a man forced to join a career of a cop by his cop father . agreed that we grew up watching lot of good cop  bad cop hindi films but this is different . today  s generation  which grown up watching dark  realistic films like   satya    company  may be consider it inferior product in comparison but look at the time of its making . the film was made absolutely off beat tone in the time when people didn  t pay much attention to such kind of cinema  yet it becomes a most sought after cop film in class  mass audience when it released . for om puri its first breakthrough in mainstream hindi cinema  he delivered a class performance as inspector velankar . its more than cop character  he internalized a lot which is something original in acting . watch his scenes with his father whom he hates  smita whom he loves . smita patil maintained the dignity of her character to the expected level . my god what a natural expressions she carried    shafi inamdar was truly a discovery for me  he  s a brilliant character actor if given a chance  here in some of the scenes he outsmarted even om . the movie is also a debut of a promising villain on indian screen  sadashiv amrapurkar as  rama shetty  . it  s another story that he didn  t get such a meaty role  almost forgotten today as one of the loud villain of dharmendra  s b grade action films . watch the scene where om  st time becomes a rebel for his father  played by amrish puri   next both are sharing wine together . how inner truth started revealing for both the character with confronting feelings of love  hate for each other . two faces of indian police force  masculinity  impotency and in between lies  half truth  ardh satya  kudos to nihalani  s touch . the film won  national awards as best hindi feature film  best actor  om puri   filmfare awards in best film  best director  best supporting actor categories .  br    br   recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious hindi films .  br    br   ratings       
after  aakrosh   this was the second film for govind nihalani as a director . till this movie was made there was no audience for documentaries in india . this movie proved a point that a documentary can fulfil the requirements of a commercial film without diluting its essence . it was one of the successful movies in the year in which it was released . this movie contested against the big banners of the bollywood like  coolie    betaab    hero  in     .  br    br   smithapatel  in this movie acted more like a conscience of the hero whenever he drifted away or lost his composure she was there to remind him . she was not like an usual heroine to do the usual stuff of running around the trees and shrubs . at one time  she even gave up her love when the hero  s ruthlessness touched the roof top .  br    br   there was another character in this movie  which was played by om puri contemporary  naseeruddin shah . he played as an inspector  turned  alcoholic character . the role conveyed the message of the end result of a honest cop who rubbed the wrong side of the system which also gave the viewers a chance to forecast the hero  s ending .  br    br   in his debut film  sadashiv amrapurkar captivated the audience with his cameo role which ultimately won him the best supporting actor by the filmfare . the cop in the movie was not a complete straight forward personality he was able to adjust to the system to an extent . the anger which left half handedly continued in govind nihalani  s other film  drohkaal  . even after two decades  this movie is remembered just because of the director and the entire crew . each one played their part par excellence .  
  ardh satya  is one of the finest film ever made in indian cinema . directed by the great director govind nihalani  this one is the most successful hard hitting parallel cinema which also turned out to be a commercial success . even today  ardh satya is an inspiration for all leading directors of india .  br    br   the film tells the real  life scenario of mumbai police of the   s . unlike any police of other cities in india  mumbai police encompasses a different system altogether . govind nihalani creates a very practical outlay with real life approach of mumbai police environment .  br    br   amongst various police officers  colleagues  the film describes the story of anand velankar  a young hot  blooded cop coming from a poor family . his father is a harsh police constable . anand himself suffers from his father  s ideologies  incidences of his father  s atrocities on his mother . anand  s approach towards immediate action against crime  is an inert craving for his own job satisfaction . the film is here revolved in a plot wherein anand  s constant efforts against crime are trampled by his seniors . this leads to frustrations  as he cannot achieve the desired job  satisfaction . resulting from the frustrations  his anger is expressed in excessive violence in the remand rooms  bars  also turning him to an alcoholic .  br    br   the spirit within him is still alive  as he constantly fights the system . he is aware of the system of the metro  where the police  politicians are a inertly associated by far end . his compromise towards unethical practice is negative . finally he gets suspended .  br    br   the direction is a master piece  thoroughly hard core . one of the best memorable scenes is when anand breaks in the underworld gangster rama shetty  s house to arrest him  followed by short conversation which is fantastic . at many scenes  the film has hair  raising moments .  br    br   the practical approach of script is a major punch . alcoholism  corruption  political influence  courage  deceptions all are integral part of mumbai police even today . those aspects are dealt brilliantly .  br    br   finally  the films belongs to the one man show  om puri portraying anand velankar traversing through all his emotions absolutely brilliantly .  
an absolute classic   the direction is flawless  the acting is just superb . words fall short for this great work . the most definitive movie on mumbai police . this movie has stood the test of times .  br    br   om puri gives a stellar performance  smita patil no less . all the actors have done their best and the movie races on thrilling you at every moment . this movie shakes your whole being badly and forces you to rethink about many issues that confront our society .  br    br   this is the story of a cop  om puri  who starts out in his career as a honest man but ultimately degenerates into a killer . the first attempt in bollywood to get behind the scenes and expose the depressing truth about mumbai cops . kudos to nihalani    br    br   after this movie a slew of bollywood movies got released that exposed the criminal  politician  police nexus . thus this movie was truly a trend setter . this trend dominated the hindi movie scene for more than a decade .  br    br   this movie was a moderate box office hit .  br    br   a must  see for discerning movie fans .  
govind nihalani  s directorial venture of vijay tendulkar  s novel is brilliant . om puri plays an inspector velankar who is forced to protect underworld don rama shetty  played brilliantly by sadahiv amrapurkar . this is govind nihlan  s most talked about movie . this is a very good and a classic film . smita patil plays the female lead opposite om puri . naseeruddin shah is brilliant in a cameo role . although sadashiv amrapurkar has only  scenes in the movie he dominates the movie . this was sadashiv amrapurkars acting debut . om puri won a national award for this film for the best actor . filmfare award winner for best film  story  supporting actor  sadashiv amrapurkar  .  
i love this show   br    br   every time i watch an episode i repeat that line and remind myself how good of a show this is . i am a huge sci  fi fan and this show has grounds to be the most important science  fiction   show in the history of film  tv . there are so many theories in this show about the universe i could start a religion . its amazing  season after season the show gets better and better .  br    br   i  ve been a fan of macgyver since i was     now  and i find it so ironic that my  favorite tv shows of all time star richard dean anderson . its also interesting how each character is practically the opposite of the other .  br    br   back when i first saw stargate the movie  i instantly liked it and considered it one of my favorite sci  fi flicks  then hearing a tv show would spin from it i got really excited  but didn  t get showtime till the fifth season was almost over .  br    br   though  i  m disappointed to hear that roland emmerich and dean devlin wanted to do a trilogy of movies but the studio optioned the series instead .  br    br   id say though that it turned out just fine . maybe even better .  br    br   this show is amazing  and i hope it never dies . atlantis here we come   
any story comprises a premise  characters and conflict . characters plotting their own play promises triumph  and a militant character readily lends oneself to this . ardh satya  s premise is summarized by the poem of the same name scripted by dilip chitre . the line goes   ek palde mein napunsaktha  doosre palde mein paurush  aur teek tarazu ke kaante par  ardh satya   . a rough translation   the delicate balance of right  wrong  commonly seen on the busts of blind justice in the courts  has powerlessness on one plate and prowess on another . is the needle on the center a half  truth    br    br   the poem is recited midway in the film by smita patil to om puri at a resturant . it makes a deep impact on the protagonist  lays the foundation for much of the later events that follow . at the end of the film  om puri ends up in exactly the same situation described so aptly in the poem .  br    br   the film tries mighty hard to do a one  up on the poem . however  chitre  s words are too powerful  and at best  the film matches up to the poem in every aspect .  br    br    
the haunted world of edward d . wood  jr . isn  t a particularly good documentary . aesthetically  it  s lackluster and cheap looking  the people in it go off on tangents which make it very unfocused and in  cohesive  but this adds to it  s charm . i say this because it  s a documentary about an oddball that made oddball pictures and surrounded himself with fellow oddballs and  as such  there  s really no other way to document the life and career of the man and his crew of misfits . there are some glimpses of insight into both the genius and the ineptness of wood  and the portrayal of both qualities is a credit to the genuineness of the documentary . overall  it  s worth a watch for the wood fan and those of cinema in general  but don  t expect brilliance here . expect a documentary made after wood  s own heart .  
i originally caught this back in     in its one week run at a movie theatre . i was under impressed by it and my feelings haven  t much changed .  br    br   documentary about the infamous edward d . wood jr . covering his life and movies . there are interviews with people who worked with him or knew him . they include vampira  dolores fuller  bela lugosi jr .  loretta king  gregory walcott and paul marco . interviews are mixed with clips from the movies or some bizarre recreations . it is interesting  somewhat  but was this really needed  i  ve seen all of wood  s films and they  re just terrible . wood had ambitions but not a bit of talent to carry them out . i wouldn  t say he was the worst director ever but he  s down there . do we really need a docu on a very mediocre film maker  i do like the fact that they didn  t try to make wood out to be some sort of saint . more than a few of those interviewed  especially lugosi jr .  pretty much hated the man and it comes through loud and clear . also they totally ignore his films in the adult film industry in the     s and   s . still it  s of interest if you  re a wood fan . the best interviews are with vampira  who tears wood apart  and dolores fuller  a long time girlfriend  .  
i loved this film . not being a swooning ed wood jr . fan  i prefer to appreciate his  boundless enthusiasm  and acknowledge his shortcomings . his movies are fun  but his personal story is one racked with pain . i hoped  and was delighted to find  that this film would be about understanding his turbulent life  rather than simply heaping him with posthumous praise . from beginning to end  this film evolves from a documentary into a mythology  leaving the cast and the viewer unexpectedly connected to each other and to ed wood jr .  br    br   what we get are people who knew ed wood the best talking about him from all perspectives  positive and negative  and showing us their character as much as ed  s . we get insight into ed  s personal and professional life from his romances  to his drinking  to his sexuality  to his friends  to his enemies  and even to his film making .  br    br   the film itself is shot in a low  budget way that seems done out of respect for ed  as if using the techniques of most theatrically released movies from     would be disrespectful  sort of like wearing a nicer suit than the president  . the set designer uses a sense of humor and also a great deal of insight when matching each cast member with their background .  br    br   fans will be excited to hear personal testimony regarding ed wood controversies  and new comers will be amazed that this man was real . the dvd is full of impossible to find gems   crossroads of lorado  and photo galleries   but the real treasure of this film is the surprisingly engaging and interconnected story .  br    br   ed wood had a habit of defining people through their association with him  for better or worse   to the point where one woman will go down in history as  swimming pool owner  for once letting him and his friends be baptized in her pool . this ability to define a person  s legacy comes through universally  as the most amazing effect of the film is to not only give a well rounded idea of the man that was ed wood jr .  but also to give a comprehensive view of the community that he created . somehow  without ever having more that one cast member being interviewed on screen at a time  the connection that ed wood created amongst the various people in his life becomes clear  and the viewer is left with great sense of involvement .  br    br   even the title hints at the b  list horror genre  but by the end  we see that even this is a kindness . what begins as unrelated stories by random people ends with the conclusion that all of the cast will be forever weaved into an unpredictably cohesive fabric that history will bring into haunting unity with wood  s legend .  br    br   in many ways a living contradiction  ed wood jr . could not be condensed to a single viewpoint . this collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get . being itself a juxtaposition of themes  it is at once respectful  provocative  thoughtful  gripping  fun  sad  kind  and fulfilling .  
  the haunted world of edward d . wood  jr .  is the definitive documentary on the life of the man who brought us such movies as  glen or glenda    bride of the monster   and  of course   plan  from outer space  . this exquisite film far exceeds where other documentaries  such as  look back in angora  and  the plan  companion   failed . it rounds up his surviving entourage  many of whom have passed away since filming  and gives an honest examination of ed wood and his work . nostalgic in the fact that it looks back at the darker corner of yesteryear hollywood  sentimental in its treatment of the director  down to the haunting music   this documentary is an absolute must  see for anyone who loves the director who so failed in his day . the entire two hours of the film lovingly and retrospectively pieces together ed  s life and untimely death for the viewer . best watched at  am while wearing an angora sweater .  
this film deals with the atrocity in derry   years ago which is commonly known as bloody sunday .  br    br   the film is well researched  acted and directed . it is as close to the truth as we will get until the outcome of the saville enquiry . the film puts the atrocity into context of the time . it also shows the savagery of the soldiers on the day of the atrocity . the disgraceful white  wash that was the widgery tribunal is also dealt with .  br    br   overall  this is an excellent drama which is moving and shocking . when the saville report comes out  watch this film again to see how close to the truth it is .  
an excellent and accurate film . . . mcgovern takes great pains to research and document his writing and it pays off . he is not afraid to tell the truth  even though it might draw unfavourable reviews and comments from some who like stories to be clean and sweet and glossy .  br    br   once again  mcgovern brings in christopher eccleston  though not in as high a profile a role as he played in hillsborough . i found this movie as accurate  well acted and well presented as hillsborough and i applaud mcgovern for his poignant unapologetic writing . well done and my hat is off to the writer  the actors  the production crew . a great film   
the story of a drifter  his sheep ranch boss  and the boss  s daughter is not for all tastes  but it  s still very intriguing . it takes place in the beautiful country of new zealand  amongst the scenery we  ve come to know so well through other films from this region .  br    br   this movie was the first time i had ever seen the excellent mary regan  and i  ve been a fan of hers ever since . the cast also contains bruno lawrence  who is probably best remembered by american audiences from the film  smash palace  . terence cooper takes a turn as the ranch owner who pays a little too much of the wrong sort of attention to his daughter  regan  .  br    br   sharply acted  with unforgettably shattering performances from all of its leads . i first saw this movie in extremely edited form on late night television here in america  but believe you me  the unexpurgated version is not to be missed .  
i really like miikes movies about yakuza  this one i saw about  years ago and it really fued my head . never before seen such a sick and twisted thing . the story is good and the actors do their thing very well . i haven  t seen the uk or japan version  but i have to say that i believe that the german dvd is a bit censored . if you haven  t seen the movie already and live in germany maybe you better look out for a dvd from the nederlands or austria . the i  on dvd contains a lot of very hard and nasty scenes  but at the showdown i felt that something was missing  about one or two very short scenes .  br    br   all in all a good perverted movie with crazy characters and a high level of violence  that  s what i like miike for    
anyone new to the incredibly prolific takashi miike  s work might want to think twice about making this startling film their first experience of this truly maverick director . in keeping with miike  s working practice of taking any work that comes his way and then grafting his own sensibilities onto the script  this is at heart a fairly basic yakuza thriller  with a morally ambiguous cop chasing a gang which his lawyer brother has fallen in with . what takes the movie out of the realms of the same  old same  old however  is the utterly unflinching attitude so some of the most sudden and horrific violence seen in today  s cinema . and this isn  t that nice cool  clean violence so beloved of us cinema  this stuff is nasty  painful and hurts  that said  the pace is breakneck  the characters are unusual without being just being burdened with stock eccentricities  miike  s sense of humour reveals itself and the most unexpected moments  and his camera is never quite where you expect it to be  making it hard to look away from the screen  whatever he might be showing you  it doesn  t have the  ohmigod  ending of  dead or alive   but if you  re not squeamish  now  s the time to get on board the miike bandwagon before he ends up on some hollywood studio  s  new john woo  shopping list . . .  
i love jack  s jokes like  the clich is . . .  or  over the top clich guy  black  oily skin  kinda spooky . . .  . he is just hilarious  daniel  s starting to catch up on him to  good thing jack  s not on the team anymore  in a way  or else it would have been sarcasm mania     i just love all the plots  season   a little less  i have to admit   the characters are great  the actors are great  i  m starting to pick up facial expressions  and more  from jack  daniel and teal  c . . . it just all theoretically possible and exciting . . . oops  their i go again    sorry  i  m also starting to pick up traits from carter  and all of this is driving my parents nutz        well  to conclude  i think it  s good for another three seasons or so  especially if they keep on packing the episodes with all this humor  drama  action and so forth                  
the movie starts something like a less hyper  kinetic  more pastiche dead or alive strange underground activities are done while bodies are discovered by police officers . but when a police officer is killed  one tatsuhito gets involved . . . and when he discovers that his brother shihito is also involved  things get bloody quite fast .  br    br   an earlier work of miike  s  shinjuku triad society is still filled with his usual in the ol  ultraviolence and sadistic sex acts  though it  s not one of his more eclectic or flamboyant pieces . rather  it  s a pretty well crafted bit of pulp fiction  as tatsuhito digs his way through the underground  a maze that leads him to a gay triad leader who sells illegally gained body organs from taiwan and keeps an almost  brothel of young boys  one in particular the character who kills the cop at the beginning  . tatsuhito  s brother is getting involved with said society  so tatsuhito himself is forced to become a dirty cop and use similarly violent and sadistic tactics to penetrate into this sordid realm .  br    br   what  s mainly interesting about this little bit of work is the relationship tatsuhito has with his nemesis  wang . tatsuhito is a japanese born in china  later moved back into japan  and alienated for it . wang is a chinese who felt alienated in china  so killed his father and developed a crime wing in japan . wang also is a surprisingly shakespearian character  which is weird enough as it is  much less that you actually begin to feel sorry for him by the time his ultimate showdown with tatsuhito comes to be . and tatsuhito himself is a similarly tragic figure when he  s forced to contend with his lack of ability to control his brother . while it would be rude to state that miike  s movies are successful mostly on their shock value  it is true that sometimes it  s easy to lose track of how well miike can create bitter  dis  impassioned characters .  br    br     polarisdib  
while not as wild and way out as some of takashi miike  s later films this is a very good crime drama .  br    br   the basic story is the story of a cop of japanese cop with chinese parents trying to take down an up and coming chinese mobster . complicating things is that his younger brother is acting as the lawyer for the villain and his gang . the film is actually much more complicated than that with several complications which both keep things interesting and distract things from the central narrative thrust . its this complication and loss of way about an hour into the film that makes this less than a great film .  it is a very very good one  this is definitely worth seeing especially if you don  t mind a no frantic pace .  br    br   a word of warning  the violence when it happens is explosive and nasty . there are also semi  graphic depictions of gay sex . if thats not your cup of tea  proceed with caution .  br    br    or  out of   .  
i found this a bit hard to follow to the extent that it seemed to dip in the middle while i tried to make head or tail of who was fighting who and why . one of the problems is the cultural  language one . here we have a chinese  taiwanese  japanese problem of which we know little and because we are simply reading english subtitles inevitably loose some of the subtleties . another problem is that there seem to be just too many only half explained twists and coincidences . nevertheless  it seems unlikely that there is a wholly bad miiki film and this certainly is not that . plenty of stylish and bone crunching violence  a window upon some less than orthodox sexual goings on plus the family aspect . all in all a decent ride but maybe checking out the storyline might actually be helpful before watching this one .  
shinjuku triad society chinese mafia wars is unlikely to get distribution in the west outside film festivals . why  could your censors stomach a film where policemen anally rape male and female suspects to get them to talk  and the victims enjoy it  or see an old lady have her eye torn out of her skull  these are just a few of the shocks in store for viewers of this ultraviolent cops and gangsters story . it makes clockwork orange which was banned for years in the uk look like a disney cartoon .  br    br   should you see this film  yes it is fantastic and essential viewing for fans of asian cinema . the shocking moments are there to illustrate what goers on in the world of these characters . if you like this make sure you catch dead or alive which is very similar  barring the insane ending in doa of course  . great for japan that they have a talent like miike working at the same time as takeshi kitano . the best chance of seeing this film outside a takashi miike retrospective at a film festival is on dvd . if i haven  t put you off try hunting for a hong kong version on the web as i  m sure it will come out in that country .  
shinjuku triad society  albeit from perfect  is a fiercely compelling film for what it tries to depict in its uber  conventional realm . it  s a yakuza  triad picture  involving cops versus japanese   or chinese gangsters  mostly chinese  as the title suggests   but already even in his first technical  debut   takashi miike is already establishing many aspects to films that he would make from here  on in . social issues like black market trading of precious goods  in this case human organs usually from children nostalgia for childhood and one  s roots  which was especially prevalent in dead or alive   thumbing  of  the  nose at taboos like gay sex and  satirical  rape  violence towards women blood  curdling violence . it  s certainly not as surreal as some of miike  s most recent films  but this is expected as he  s trying out things that he  s just starting to learn  following a track record of straight to video programmers . it  s got all of those qualities  and it  s also  like the films that would follow from it  equally savage and heartfelt  crazy  in spots  and sardonic in its drama  and solid for genre fans .  br    br   the story concerns two brothers  one a chinese orphan raised in japan  tatsuhito kiriya  kippei shiina  pretty decent as a eastwood  esquire anti  hero  hero   who  s become a detective  and another  who  s become a gangster  or a would  be one . the main arch likely takeover gang comes from wang  a definite pun on what the gang represents during its spare  time  played by tomorowo taguchi as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes   and his partner karino  takeshi caesar  who  s threatening even when just repeating a commandment over and over to a woman who  s just had her eye plugged out following a sour deal   who are the ruthless kind to pop up almost organically in a miike movie . there  s some intrigue involving the organ  trading scheme with the gangsters  which kiriya almost becomes a victim of  and the gang  s penchant for gay sex  at least with one little puppet of sorts who does whatever the main gangsters want . it all leads up to vengeance and redemption  qualities that miike and his writer are trying to emulate from shakespeare  hence the macbeth bit with wang washing his bloody hangs over and over after some gay sex saying  it won  t come off   .  br    br   if it doesn  t add up to the same emotional level of impact that a great shakespeare play would have  it  s par for the course of a film like this . miike  s goals are met  though just met  in his low  scale ambitions a gangster picture with some added levels of harsh familial trouble  the main tension between the brothers comes out of profession and duty to parents   notes on the crueler aspects of underworld crime  and what the realm of unrepentant sex  with both sexes  brings out psychologically in the characters . at the same time  shinjuku triad society also contains more than a few moments of classic biting black  comedy from the miike oeuvre . some of it just has to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his outrageousness  like the bit at the beginning with the chair smashing over the face  or the randomness of the  interrogation  as it goes into a very twisted area . there  s even a laugh  out  loud line from the young sex  slave after finishing an act on one of the bosses  thank you  mr . weeny  burger .  miike and his writer don  t have enough here to make the film a full  on dark comedy like ichi or  of course  visitor q  but there  s enough to bring some appropriate levity to the darker aspects to the story and characters .  br    br   as the first entry of the  black society  trilogy  as it  s called  i was quite impressed  and it  s a fine quasi  calling card from one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema .  
this movie is the first of miikes triad society trilogy  and the trilogy kicks of to a great start . the movies in the trilogy are only connected thematically  and these themes are actually apparent in all his films  if you look close enough . shinjuku triad society is about a cop trying to prevent his kid brother from getting too involved with a rather extreme gang of outsiders  struggling their way to the top of tokyos yakuza . the kid brother is a lawyer  and the triad gang is becoming increasingly in need of one  as the movie progresses . the movie takes place in a very harsh environment  and is therefore pretty violent and tough . miike has done worse  but since this is a serious movie it hits you very hard . as usual there is also a lot of perverted sex  mostly homosexual in this one . the movie is in many ways a typical gangster movie  but with a great drive and true grittiness . if you  ve only seen miikes far  out movies  ichi the killer  fudoh etc .  this is worth checking out since it is sort of a compromise between his aggressive over  the  top style displayed in those movies and his more serious side  as seen in the other films of the trilogy . and as always with miike  there are at least two scenes in this that you  ll never forget  see it and figure out which ones for yourself  .  br    br        
a lot has been said about shinjuku triad society as the first true  miike  film and i thought this sort of description might have been a clich . but  like all clichs  it is based on the truth . all the miike trademarks are here  the violence  the black humour  the homosexuality  the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character . shinjuku is however  one of miike  s most perfectly formed films . he says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different  but not necessarily better . i think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so fresh that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not replicate or better the purity of this film .  br    br   as you might expect  the violence is utterly visceral  gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face .  only a miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that .  the film has a fantastic pace  unlike dead or alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle . dead or alive also deals with similar issues  miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the japanese and chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled well here  the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past .  br    br   i cannot sing shinjuku  s praises enough . i do not want to give away too much . this is miike before he began to use cgi to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like kitano  s sonatine . the central characters are superbly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you  ll be popping it back on again to work it all out .  
this was the beginning of it all  granted  this is not friends at its best  but this was the show  s pilot  let  s not forget and not a bad one at that . we  re introduced to the gang and central perk  where our story begins . even from this first episode we get a sign of the ross  rachel relationship that will come over the next ten years  when ross says  i just want to be married again  and rachel storms in with a wedding dress on . . . probably not intentional as at the time the writers were going for a monica  joey relationship but fits nicely now when looking back . something else . . in this episode rachel is introduced to chandler as if the two have never met before but in later episodes  the so  called  flashbacks  this is contradicted as the two have met on three previous occasions . nevertheless  the point is this a fine start to a great show . this episode may not be the usual friends as we are accustomed to them  with the cast still a bit inexperienced but over the next few episodes we see why the show came to be what it was  keep watching  first season is a blast    
here it is . . the first ever episode of friends  where we get introduced to control freak monica gellar  courtney cox   newly divorced ross gellar  david schimmer   hippy pheobe buffay  lisa kudrow   unknown actor and ladies man  matt le blanc and very sarcastic chandler bing  matthew perry  . this is how the scene starts off until we introduced to the  th and final friend spoilt kid rachel green  jennifer aniston  .  br    br   the episode is better than most people give credit for  like any new sitcom the first episode isn  t always fantastic . the acting in this episode isn  t great because the cast cannot identify and arnt really believable in their new characters  apart from kudrow and perry  who shine  .  br    br   matt le blanc  man  his acting was down right dreadful because until later  he gets more confident  but i think he tries to be funny but at most fails .  br    br   david schimmer  why does he over pronounce every word  he cannot speak normally  but he became one of the funniest characters in later seasons  but he isn  t confident . and i cannot sympathise with him jennifer aniston  looks hot  and does a good job as rachel green  but we only see the real rachel later in the  st season  courtney cox  looks quite anorexic in this episode  its worrying  she looks totally different now   more healthily   she acting is a little sketchy but everyones is in this   minute pilot  lisa kudrow and matthew perry  i  m doing these two together because their comic timing and acting quality was superb  and for lisa this was one of her first roles and she is so natural as pheobe  pheebs  and matthew perry is just matthew perry playing himself basically  the episode quality does improve later    such as the sets  they looks dark and creepy in this episode and makes them seem unfriendly  the acting is ok  the characters gain confidence with each new scene and i am proud this is the pilot  i hope we see the friends reunite  cause they will always be there for us   
and that  s how the greatest comedy of tv started  it has been   years since the very first episode but it has continued with the same spirit till the very last season . because that  s where  friends  is based on quotes . extraordinary situations are taking place among six friends who will never leave from our hearts let  s say a big thanks to rachel  ross  monica  joey  chandler and phoebe    in our first meet  we see how rachel dumps a guy  in the church  how . . .  understand   monica  s search for the  perfect guy   there is no perfect guy  why all you women are obsessed with that      and how your marriage can be ruined when the partner of your life discovers that she  s a lesbian . till we meet joey  phoebe and chandler in the next episodes . . . enjoy friends   
stargate sg   is a spin off of sorts from the     movie  stargate .  i am so glad that they decided to expand on the subject . the show gets it rolling from the very first episode  a retired jack o  neill has to go through the gate once more to meet with his old companion  dr . daniel jackson . through the first two episodes  we meet samantha carter  a very intelligent individual who lets no one walk over her  and there is teal  c  a quiet  compassionate warrior who defies his false god and joins the team .  br    br   the main bad guys are called the gouald  they are parasites who can get inserted into one  s brain  thus controlling them and doing evil deeds . any gouald who has a massive amount of power is often deemed as a  system lord .  the warriors behind the gouald are called jaffa  who house the parasitic gouald in their bodies until the gouald can get inserted in a person  s brain .  br    br   through the episodes  we mostly get to see sg    the exploratory team comprised of jack  daniel  teal  c  and sam  go through the wormhole that instantly transports them to other planets  this device is called the stargate  and they encounter new cultures or bad guys . some episodes are on  world  meaning that they do not go through the stargate once in the episode and rather deal with pressing issues on earth .  br    br   through the years  you start to see a decline in the sg   team as close knit  and more character  building story lines . this  in turn means even more on  world episodes  which is perfectly understandable .  br    br   my rating  .          while most of this show is good  there are some instances of story lines not always getting wrapped up and less of an emphasis on gate travel these last few years . but still  top notch science fiction   
the pilot is extremely well done . it lays out how the characters bond in future episodes . i don  t think anyone could have created a better pilot for this show . it displays remarkable creativity on the writers part . although not everything was straightened out because it was the very first episode  a lot of events that happen in future seasons were demonstrated in the pilot . an example would be ross and rachels future relationship . even though the nervousness of a first episode appeared  it was overcome by an amazing plot and outstanding cast choice .  br    br   bravo .  br    br   a great start to an unbeatable comedy   
in the very first episode of friends  which aired   sept      the one where monica gets a roommate  there is a song playing as rachel sits in the window towards the end of the show  the line that plays is  if you ever need holding  . . . . does anyone know the artist singing or the title of the song  it is seems as if it is a great song . . . . i would love to get a copy of it . thanks for the assistance . i am looking for the album  cd it is on so i can purchase it .  br    br   i have the shows which are available for purchase and enjoy this show over and over again . it just seemed to be believable . . . thanks for the hours of entertainment you have provided over the years .  
in this first episode of friends  we are introduced to the  main characters of the series monica geller  phoebe buffay  chandler bing  ross geller  joey tribbiani and eventually rachel green .  br    br   we discover that rachel  a rich girl that is monica  s friend from high school times  left her fianc  barry  at the altar  since she discovered she didn  t love him . she also decides to live with monica and become independent from her father  getting a new job as a waitress in central perk .  br    br   ross  for the other hand  discovered his wife is a lesbian and lost her for susan  her partner .  we see him moving to a new apartment during the episode   br    br   monica  in this episode  makes out  and eventually sleeps  with paul  the wine guy   who gave her the excuse of being impotent since he divorced his wife . but in reality  he was just deceiving her .  br    br   ps i just loooove joey  s and chandler  s haircuts in this first season     
why did it sound like the husband kept calling her appy  it ruined a great episode and so i can only give it a  . proper grammar and pronunciation are essential to a film .  br    br   it was very hellraiser what with all the skin ripping though i dunno how anyone can survive without skin the skin is a vital organ to the body the biggest organ actually and without we would die . the more a horror film is true the more creepy it can be and more entertaining .  br    br   i do admit though that the stories from the great horror directors are very disappointing and very mediocre .  br    br       come on yankies get your english up to par   
masters of horror right to die starts late one night as married couple abby  julia anderson   ciff addison  martin donovan  are driving home  however while talking cliff is distracted  crashes into a tree that has fallen across the road . cliff  s airbag works ok  he walks away with minor injuries  unfortunately for abby hers didn  t  she ended up as toast when she was thrown from the car  doused in petrol which set alight burning her entire body . abby  s life is saved  just . she is taken to hospital where she is on life support seriously injured  horribly disfigured from the burns . cliff decides that she should die  his selfish lawyer ira  corbin bersen  thinks they should let abby die  sue the car manufacturer  get rich while abby  s mum pam  linda sorenson  wants to blame cliff  get rich  save abby . however abby has other plans of her own . . .  br    br   this american canadian co  production was directed by rob schmidt  whose only horror film previously was wrong turn       which on it  s own hardly qualifies him to direct a masters of horror episode   was episode  from season  of the masters of horror tv series  while i didn  t think right to die was the best masters of horror episode i  ve seen i thought it was a decent enough effort all the same  still doesn  t come close to being as bad as the screwfly solution       . the script by john esposito has a neat central idea that isn  t anything new but it uses it effectively enough although i  d say it  s a bit uneven  the first   minutes of this focuses on the horror element of the story but then it goes into a lull for   odd minutes as it becomes a drama as the legal wrangling over abby  s life  the affair cliff is having take center stage before it gets back on track it a deliciously gory  twisted climax that may not be for the faint of heart . the character  s are a bit clichd  the weak man  the bent lawyer  the protective mum  the young tart who has sex to get what she wants but they all serve their purpose well enough  the dialogue is ok  the story moves along at a nice pace  overall i liked right to die apart from a few minutes here  there where it loses it  s focus a bit  i wasn  t that keen on the ambiguous ending .  br    br   director schmidt does a good job  there are some effective scenes  this tries to alternate between low key spooky atmosphere  out  and  out blood  gore . there are some fantastic special make  up effects as usual  there  s shots of abby where she has had all of the skin burned off her body  the image of her bandaged head with her teeth showing because she has no lips left is pretty gross  images  make  up effects that reminded me of similar scenes in hellraiser        it  s sequels   then there  s the main course at the end where cliff literally skins someone complete with close  ups of scalpels slicing skin open  him peeling it off the muscle  putting it into a cooler box  very messy . there are also various assorted body parts . there  s some nudity here as well with at least a couple of pretty ladies getting naked . . .  br    br   technically right to die is excellent  the special effects are brilliant  as most masters of horror episodes it doesn  t look like a cheap made  for  tv show which basically if the truth be told it is . the acting was fine but there  s no big  names  in this one .  br    br   right to die is another enjoyable  somewhat twisted masters of horror episode that most horror fans should definitely check out if not just for the terrific skinning scene  well worth a watch . . . for those with the stomach .  
what starts out as a very predictable and somewhat drab affair is in the end quite hilarious and entertaining .  right to die  is not very suspenseful but it more than makes up for that with some outlandish set pieces and over the top gore .  br    br   spoilers here  br    br   top credits also go to the dead  on performance from martin donovan as one of the most despicable characters ever to grace the screen . playing the character in a great  aloof  fashion  you nearly feel bad for the guy in the end when his grand plan ultimately fails . corbin bernsen also chews up the scenery playing a not  so  good  guy who gets his just desserts .  br    br   end of spoiler .  br    br   as a revenge  from  the  dead flick   right to die  benefits heavily from it  s performers and is more than an ok way to spend less than an hour .  
this is one of the best episode from the second season of moh  i think mick garris has a problem with women . . . he kill  em all  they are often the victims  screwfly solution  pro  life  valerie on the stairs  i don  t remember the argento  s episode in season   etc .  obviously imprint  . i think he enjoys to watch women been burn  torture  mutilated and i don  t know . never least  right to die  is one of the best  with good turns and graphic scenes and suspense  specially with the photos from the cell scene  wonderful  . the acting is like the entire series  regular i could be worst like  pro  life  or  we scream for ice cream  . also i think the plot it could be made for a movie and not just for an episode . the ideology of the series is horrible  killing and terminating women  mutilating animals and on and on . . . the first season it was better than the second one with episodes like  cigarrette burns   the best of all    homecoming   the most funny    imprint   really shocking  .  
i  m not entirely sure rob schmidt qualifies as a  master  in the genre of horror  since he previously just directed one horror film called  wrong turn  and that one was actually just was slightly above mediocre  but fact is that he made with  right to die  one of the best and creepiest episodes of the entire second season of the  masters of horror  franchise . there was a similar underdog story in season one  when william malone made on of the best episodes with  the fair haired child  even though his other long feature films  fear dot com  and  house on haunted hill  sucked pretty badly .  br    br   the story of  right to die  cleverly picks in on the nowadays piping hot social debate of euthanasia  but thankfully also features multiple old  fashioned horror themes like ghostly vengeance  murderous conspiracies  pitch black humor and comic book styled violence . whilst driving home late one night and discussing the husband  s continuous adultery  the addison couple are involved in a terrible car accident . cliff walks away from the wreck unharmed but his wife abby is fully burned and needs to be kept alive artificially . whilst cliff and his sleazy attorney  corbin bernsen of  the dentist   want to plug the plug on her and sue the car constructor  abbey  s mum sets up a giant media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blame everything on cliff . meanwhile abbey  s hateful spirit comes back for revenge and kills someone in cliff  s surrounding whenever she has a near fatal experience with the medical devices . after a few victims  cliff realizes it might be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to remain alive as well .  right to die  is a stupendous episode and exactly the type of stuff i always hoped to see from a tv  series concept like  masters of horror  . it  s violent and gory with a sick  twisted sense of humor and loads of sleaze sequences . the euthanasia theme and the whole obligatory media circus that surrounds it is processed into the script very well  yet without unnecessarily reverting to political standpoints or morality lessons . the atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling . actresses julia anderson and robin sydney both have pretty face and impressively voluptuous racks  which is always a welcome plus  and corbin bernsen is finally offered the chance again to depict a mean  spirited and egocentric bastard . great  moh  episode definitely one of the highlights of both seasons .  
well its about time . i had really given up any and all hope that there was going to be a standout episode among this season  s entries . while there have still been far too many drab to hohum entries  at least this episode turned out well . its rather funny that director rob schmidt who only has the not bad wrong turn to his credit and writer john esposito whose only scripting chores to date have included tale of the mummy and graveyard shift should be the ones to give us the best written and most thought provoking episode of the season . in  right to die  we are treated to the story of cliff and abbey . at the start of the episode the couple are having a conversation . abbey has caught cliff cheating and he is desperately trying to win her back . while they speak  they find themselves in a car accident where cliff is left with only scratches and bruises  but abbey is thrown from the car and catches on fire when a spark ignites and gasoline that had dripped onto her catches her on fire . and this is just the setup people . once in the hospital cliff must decide whether or not abbey should live in this state with no skin and only nerve reflexes . there  s also a side effect too . every time she flatlines  abbey goes a walking as a ghost and causes trouble for all sorts of people . hands down this is the best episode of the season and certainly ranks as one of the top episodes ever . from the gruesome effects to the taut script which threw in a few twists i never saw coming and suspense so palpable you can almost touch it  right to die should have the right to go on living forever .  
a man and his wife get in a horrible car accident . when the wife is left in a persistent vegetative state  the man must choose between pulling the plug and letting her live . the decision is made even harder when he realizes her ghost wants to extract revenge on him and those around him .  br    br   this comes to us from director rob schmidt  who made  wrong turn   a film i have not seen  . with only one horror film under his belt  and not a particularly notorious one at that  i was a bit reluctant to watch this episode  expecting schmidt to be a  master of horror  in only the most liberal sense . my apologies to him for my underestimation . as of episode   in a   episode season  this was actually the best one yet .  br    br   the issue of the  right to die  is dealt with and covered in enough detail to be a solid plot device . however  this is only the foundation on which the story revolves . once the horror elements show up  the film goes from  decent  to  spectacular  . great acting  great plot  great dialogue  great suspense . i was a little creeped out at times  which is good  and most of all the gore is in extreme abundance  i read a review of this episode prior to watching it  where the reviewer said there is a strong hint of  hellraiser  in this . through the first part of the show  i had no idea what they were talking about . then there is a bit later where some images do remind me of  hellraiser   . however  i in no way wish to say that this takes away from the film . i can see no other way to create the effect that was created  and in my opinion this looks remarkably better than  hellraiser   .  br    br   some plot twists show up later on  and might invite the viewer to give the film a second look . i didn  t watch it a second time  but i think the beginning would make more sense if i had  not that it  s confusing  . the subplot with the dental hygienist is also nice  and i found myself going back and forth about whether i disliked the main character for his relationship with her or if i felt bad for him . he  s somewhat of an anti  hero to the whole story  if you will . i feel inclined to cheer for him as the protagonist  but he  s completely unlovable .  br    br   while the stuart gordon episode may be better and i  m excited about the  washingtonians  episode  i think i could safely bet that this is the key episode of the season and by far the saving grace of what was otherwise lackluster and routine . when legends like john carpenter let me down  again  i get a bit worried about the genre  s future  but then a fresh face like rob schmidt comes along and gives me hope . this one is a keeper  and please bring schmidt back for season    
stargate sg   follows and expands upon the egyptian mythologies presented in stargate . in the stargate universe  humans were enslaved and transported to habitable planets by the goa  uld such as ra and apophis . for millennia  the goa  uld harvested humanity  heavily influencing and spreading human cultures . as a result  earth cultures such as those of the aztecs  mayans  britons  the norse  mongols  greeks  and romans are found throughout the known habitable planets of the galaxy . many well  known mythical locations such as avalon  camelot  and atlantis are found  or have at one time existed .  br    br   presently  the earth stargate  found at a dig site near giza in      is housed in a top  secret u . s . military base known as the sgc  stargate command  underneath cheyenne mountain . col . jack o  neill  anderson   dr . daniel jackson  shanks   capt . samantha carter  tapping  and teal  c  judge  compose the original sg   team  a few characters join and  or leave the team in later seasons  . along with   other sg teams  they venture to distant planets exploring the galaxy and searching for defenses from the goa  uld  in the forms of technology and alliances with friendly advanced races .  br    br   the parasitic goa  uld use advanced technology to cast themselves as egyptian gods and are bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship . throughout the first eight seasons  the goa  uld are the primary antagonists . they are a race of highly intelligent  ruthless snake  like alien parasites capable of invading and controlling the bodies of other species  including humans . the original arch  enemy from this race was the system lord apophis  peter williams  . other system lords  such as baal and anubis  play pivotal roles in the later seasons . in the ninth season a new villain emerges  the ori . the ori are advanced beings with unfathomable technology from another galaxy  also bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship . the introduction of the ori accompanies a departure from the primary focus on egyptian mythology into an exploration of the arthurian mythology surrounding the ori  their followers  and their enemiesthe ancients .  
fans of the hbo series  tales from the crypt  are going to love this moh episode . those who know the basic archetypal stories that most of the classic ec comics were based on  will recognize this one right off the bat .  br    br   underrated indie favorite martin donovan  also an excellent writer  co  author of the screenplays for apartment zero and death becomes her  is the kind of guy whose everyman good looks can go either way . he could play a really nice if misunderstood guy  next  door  or he can play the same role with a creepy undertone of corrosive sleaziness . in the case of right to die  he takes the latter approach  and it definitely works .  br    br   donovan is a doctor who has recently had an affair with his slutty office receptionist  robin sydney   much to the displeasure of his inconsolable  unforgiving spouse  abbey  julia anderson  . when the two of them get involved in a terrible car accident while returning from an unsuccessful weekend of  making up   and she  s horribly burned in a fire  he  s reluctant to pull the plug on her  not without some enthusiastic nudging from his even sleazier lawyer and best buddy  corbin bernsen  looking the worse for wear these days .   br    br   but abbey  s never been one to give up without a fight  and that  s where the ec  theme of the episode comes in . cuckolded husbands  and wives  have always been the genre  s favorite subject matter for some spooky  and ooky  supernatural shenanigans  and this case is definitely no exception . if anything  the ramped  up quotient of sex and gore must have bill gaines cackling with glee in his mausoleum somewhere .  br    br   and that  s not to mention that john esposito  s original script does give the adultery angle just a slight twist . you don  t realize as you  re watching that you only know half the story  until close to the end . . .  think what lies beneath with more guts and gazongas  and you  re there .   br    br   not a bad effort  but not the best of the lot  either . at least rob schmidt does display touches of flair here and there with the direction  especially in a scene that makes cell phone picture messaging into a truly horrifying experience indeed  as with most moh episodes  this one is following a prevalent theme this season of flaying and dismemberment  so the extremely squeamish need not apply .  
i was all ready to pan this episode  seeing that this  master  really doesn  t have any horror films under his belt . . but this is easily the best episode of the season .  br    br   the acting was good   i don  t know how he wrangled it  but we  ve got some real talent in this episode  and while you could see things coming from a mile away plot wise  at least it was entertaining and managed to keep me engaged for the full   mins  something that has been lacking up to this point in the series .  br    br   i especially liked the bit at the end  not a twist per say  but just a funny little bit where he becomes  as ever  the hen  pecked hubby .  br    br   really good effort . like i  ve said in other reviews  these are not true masters doing a lot of these episodes . . but they may someday end up being masters in the future .  
maybe it  s just because i have an intense fear of hospitals and medical stuff  but this one got under my skin  pardon the pun  . this piece is brave  not afraid to go over the top and as satisfying as they come in terms of revenge movies . not only did i find myself feeling lots of hatred for the screwer and lots of sympathy towards the  screwee   i felt myself cringe and feel pangs of disgust at certain junctures which is really a rare and delightful thing for a somewhat jaded horror viewer like myself . some parts are very reminiscant of  hellraiser   but come off as tribute rather than imitation . it  s a heavy handed piece that does not offer the viewer much to consider  but i enjoy being assaulted by a film once and awhile . this piece brings it and doesn  t appologize . i liked this one a lot . do not watch whilst eating pudding .  
this was a superb episode  one of the best of both seasons . down right horror for a change  with a story that is way way above the average moh episodes  if there is such a thing . a man  s wife is almost burned to death in a tragic car wreck  in which he was driving . his airbag worked  her  s didn  t . she is burned beyond recognition  great makeup btw   and not given much of a chance to live without a full skin graft . but  even in a coma  she keeps dying but brought back by modern technology  and when she does die for a few minutes  her ghost appears as a very vengeful spirit . carnage of course ensues  and also some extremely gory killings  and also  some extremely sexy scenes . what more could you ask for  you might ask  well  not much  because this baby has it all  and a very satirical ending  that should leave a smile on most viewers faces . i just loved rob schmidt  s  wrong turn  direction too  he has a great knack for horror . excellent episode  this is one i  m buying for sure .  
but the fun is in the journey .  br    br   i found this movie to be extremely enjoyable  not only are both leads extremely easy on the eyes  the humor from the supporting cast and the jokes actually made me laugh out loud several times .  br    br   yes  it  s predictable  and yes  it  s a clich romantic comedy . but the point is that it  s a sweet story  the message about finding your one true love also rings true in many ways .  br    br   the dialog is dead  on and the acting is well done on all parts  and over the top for comic effect . the bulgari scene is worth it  s weight in gold  the actress there deserves honorable mention  for those that panned it for being predictable  if you want a film with twists and turns that keep you guessing . . . then you want a thriller . this is a romantic comedy . . . it touched my heart and made me realize that i was lucky enough to find my true love in life  and it has been worth every effort along the way .  br    br   great date movie  great movie for a happy cry . . .  
this is a really old fashion charming movie . the locations are great and the situation is one of those old time preston sturgess movies . fi you want to watch a movie that doesn  t demand much other then to sit back and relax then this is it . the acting is good  and i really liked michael rispoli . he was in rounders  too . and while you were sleeping . the rest of the cast is fun . it  s just what happens when two people about to get married meet the one that they really love on the weekend that they are planning their own weddings . i know . . . sounds kooky . . . but it is . and that  s what makes it fun to watch . it will make your girl friend either hug you or leave you  but at least you  ll know .  
as we all know a romantic comedy is the genre with the ending already known . the two leads always have to get together . late in the third act i was trying to figure out how this will wrap up and how they will end up together . a clue was given right from the start  but you  ll never realize it until the end . it  s a simple hook  but it works . it had to be you cover a lot of the usual ground  but takes a fresh spin when ever possible . i liked all the ny characters and i loved the locations . it  s a postcard of ny . also it was nice to watch a film and not find anything offensive in it . so  if you like a good old fashion romantic movie . . . then this is for you .  
does anyone know the exact quote about  time and love  by george ede aka  father fitzpatrick in the move  it had to be you  he was talking to charlie and annna in the church as they were leaving  if not i will have to rent the movie . this was a great movie . i also loved serendipity  great love story for the soul   br    br   i met my one true love  my soulmate  and although i had the experience to meet him when i had least expecting it  i wasn  t ready for that kind of emotional relationship .  br    br   altho  we did marry  i wasn  t mature enough to give as much as i thought i would . i got complacent and took his love for granted and he withstood it for  years .  br    br   he finally left with resentment but we are still hurt and angry  in disbelief about the way it turned out . i had some very hard lessons to learn and we have now been apart  years .  br    br   this movie meant a lot because i am still waiting on reconciling with my one and only true love . i can now appreciate that distinct feeling inside of me and the quote of father fitzpatrick rang true for me .  br    br   i know when he has healed enough to trust me again  we will remarry .  br    br   don  t ever get complacent and take true love for granted  it has been the hardest lesson of my life .  br    br   also the music in this movie is outstanding and meaningful  this movie is deep and spiritually uplifting . true love is worth waiting for  if it is meant to be  it will  no matter what  it will happen  nothing is impossible  even when it  s the second time around  thanks   
i  d have given this film a few stars  simply because it was a  lifetime  presentation actually filmed in the location represented in the story  here  new york city . most on this channel  whether  set  there  in rural iowa  oregon  virginia  l . a . etc .  are filmed in vancouver  ottawa  toronto or some other canadian locale .  br    br   but if there ever were one deserving the top rating     on this site  it  s this movie . certainly not for originality  for this story has been done many times  in many variations  with several very similar to this specific one . it  s also been done pretty often on the big screen  with mega  stars  past and present  from cary grant  james garner  harrison ford  tom hanks  et al  and deborah kerr  doris day  meg ryan  and many more . i can think of at least      more  just as prominent  past to present  off the top of my head  who could be added now  and there are probably many others which could be brought to mind .  br    br   not to drone on  but my point is that  in my opinion  this is by far one of the best of this genre i  ve seen . i caught it by chance on a mid  day friday  at a time when i had the tv on only because i was taking a couple of hours following a particularly hectic week . i  d never run across this flick in the  years since it was made . and  while the two leads have done enough to be known to most  they were completely unknown to me . the only two actors i knew were phyllis newman  anna  s mother  whom i  d seen in some things from her younger days  and michael rispoli  henry  charlie  s best friend  who was outstanding as  gramma   the menacing juice loan  tough  street guy from  rounders .   br    br   the chance meeting and coupling between both leads  best friends  as a sub  story romance  with the correlation of their being such to anna and charlie being only revealed to all later  is an oft  done plot contrivance within the genre  but makes no difference to the enjoyment here  in fact  it enhances it  .  br    br   checking some other comments  i agree completely with those which are the most positive . the primary word describing this film is engaging  in caps . this adjective describes the performers the characters the chemistry between and among all of the characters  in whatever combination presented  and all of the supporting and even minor roles .  br    br   i love films with a  harder edge   rounders  the escapist schwarzenegger  stallone fare  goodfellows  even the classics like  casablanca    gone with the wind    citizen kane .  but for pure  uncomplicated enjoyment  this one was outstanding . with a bare fraction of their budgets  it was equal to the results achieved by  you  ve got mail  and  sleepless in seattle .  and tom hanks and meg ryan couldn  t have done better than natasha henstridge and michael vartan here the co  stars and support personnel here were equivalent to those in these mega  films  as well .  
a sweet funny story of  people crossing paths as they prepare for their weddings . the ex  cop writer and the public school teacher fall for each other in this great new york setting  even though they are marrying other people . maybe a little trite in that the  partners  are both type a personalities  while our protagonists are much more relaxed . not anything heavy  but it made me smile . and hey for the guys  sell the natasha henstridge angle  and the gals  sell them the sappy romance  everyone wins   
it  s amazing that from a good  though not wonderful  film made back in the early nineties  a whole franchise can grow .  stargate sg   is  without a doubt  a worthy addition to the science fiction genre and has the right to stand shoulder  to  shoulder with  star trek  as the kings of sci  fi .  br    br   following on from the     feature film  stargate   this series sees stargate command  a military  science organisation  figuring out that the stargate system can be used to travel to various planets across the galaxy and beyond and the military sets up a number of teams to explore . sg  is one such team  headed by military veteran colonel jack o  neill  and includes archaeologist doctor daniel jackson  military scientist captain samantha carter and alien teal  c  who has betrayed his overlord leaders in the hopes of one day freeing his people . earth quickly makes an enemy of the goa  uld  a parasitic race who use humans as hosts and think themselves equal to gods .  br    br   the top  notch cast have much to be congratulated for in bringing this show to life . richard dean anderson is perfect as the cynical and sarcastic o  neill  who can shift from boyish to deadly in the blink of an eye . michael shanks  as daniel  brings heart and an will of steel to the character  who has grown from wide  eyed innocence to darker and more hard  bitten as the show has progressed . amanda tapping  as carter  has perfected the balance between depicting her character  s femininity without comprising the fact she is a strong  intelligent military scientist . christopher judge is excellent as the aloof teal  c  who is able to depict the character  s emotions with subtlety . and don s davis is perfect as the esteemed general hammond who leads with a good balance of fairness and firmness .  br    br   almost all the episodes are are involving and portrayed with intelligence  reflecting on moral dilemmas as well as the friction between military interests and civilian beliefs  often shown through arguments between o  neill and jackson  . guest characters are solidly depicted and story arcs are handled in a manner that doesn  t bore viewers . sg  also excels in humour  from o  neill  s wisecracks to episodes that are just wacky and odd  sg  has everything from action to drama to romance to suspense to the heartbreaking scenes of death . it isn  t just an excellent sci  fi show but is an excellent show  overall .  
sure  this movie is sappy and sweet and full of clichs  but it  s entertaining  and that  s what i watch movies for . to be entertained . natasha henstridge is stunning  even with the short hair . her smile is radiant and her beauty can  t be disguised . as for michael vartan  i  m sure the women love him . the two of them seemed to really like eacb other in this film . i don  t understand the comments that there was no chemistry between them . i guess we see what we want to see .  br    br   olivia d  abo and michael rigoli were fun to watch  even if d  abo  s british accent did creep into her supposed bronx speech . to tell you the truth i hadn  t really noticed it until i read these comments  but i went back to the dvd and now her dialogue sounds more british than american to me  but she was ideal for her role with that one exception .  br    br   it  s a story of two nice people who are getting married to significant others  but who find their soul mates in one another . it may be an unlikely story  but who says movies are all supposed to play like documentaries  it is no more unrealistic than any of the dramas that are screened every hour on the tube . that  s why we watch them  to escape from the humdrum of daily living for a short time and enter the world of the characters on the screen . i thought these actors did a good job of it  but hey  i  m a sentimental guy who tears up easily . don  t get me wrong though  it has to be a sentimental scene  and this movie had plenty of those .  br    br   i give it     only because i  m saving my      for that yet unseen super magnificent movie that i know will come along some day . if you see it advertised as coming up on the movie channel or lifetime movies  or whatever  make a note to watch it . i think you  ll like it .  
a beautiful postcard of new york . the thing i enjoyed most was being able to watch this with my whole family and not cringe waiting for a stupid toilet humor joke to appear . it never did . my teenagers liked it too . my son for natasha henstridge and my daughter for michael vartan . my wife and i commented that we could not remember the last time we could sit with the kids and all enjoy something . this film told a story that felt comfortable but not old or done . the ending came with a twist which we all liked too . if you are not just a cynical person and have are willing to let a story unfold then this is for you . as a guy it takes a lot to hold my interest when it comes to romantic movies and this one did . i recommend it and we need more of these films to watch .  
i have looked forward to seeing this since i first saw it listed in her work . finally found it yesterday        on lifetime movie channel .  br    br   jim larson  s comments about it being a  sweet funny story of  people crossing paths  were dead on . writers probably shouldn  t get a bonus  everyone else sro for making the movie .  br    br   anybody who appreciates a romantic movie should see it .  br    br   natasha  s screen presence is so warm and her smile so electric  to say nothing of her beauty  that anything she is in goes on my favorite list . her tv and print interviews that i have seen are just as refreshing and well worth looking for .  br    br   god bless her  her family and future endeavors .  br    br   this movie doesn  t seem to available in dvd or video yet  but i would be the first to buy it and i think others would too .  
i caught this film at a test screening . was very surprised to find a really sweet and fun story . well acted . natasha henstridge is the next julia roberts . the male lead was awsome . very funny film . takes place in the best locations in new york . made me want to go there . i just saw  you  ve got mail  i thought  it had to be you  was a much better story . fresher .  br    br   it was clean and great for whole family . i think it will do well . audience i saw it with loved it . a definite recommend   
this is the first michael vartan movie i  ve seen  i haven  t seen alias  and i was curious to see if the guy can act . he sure can and is likable in this movie . natasha henstridge is of course gorgeous but she is usually in more physical and action roles  so i found her very good and lovable in this different  sweet  role of a schoolteacher . some of the negative comments i read are true  the movie is full of clichs and the story doesn  t ring true at all . also  even though every character in the movie remarks how good they look together  i don  t think there is screen chemistry there . however  i enjoyed this movie . the locales are nice  the characters are likable and goodlooking and the supporting actors are pretty good . if you are expecting to see a great romance  this is not it . but if you want to see a pleasant innocent goodlooking movie with likable characters its very good .  
i just can  t understand the negative comments about this film . yes it is a typical boy  meets  girl romance but it is done with such flair and polish that the time just flies by . henstridge  talk about winning the gene  pool lottery   is as magnetic and alluring as ever  who says the golden age of cinema is dead   and vartan holds his own .  br    br   there is simmering chemistry between the two leads the film is most alive when they share a scene  lots  it is done so well that you find yourself willing them to get together . . .  br    br   ignore the negative comments  if you are feeling a bit blue  watch this flick  you will feel so much better . if you are already happy  then you will be euphoric .  br    br    ps i am    male  from the uk and a hopeless romantic still searching for his princess . . .   
this great movie has failed to register a higher rating than   why not  it is a great portrayal of the life of christ without the ruthless sensationalism of the passion of the christ . johnny cash did great things for god which amazingly are shunned and neglected in areas where they should matter most  like our churches . the film itself took less than a month to film as johnny felt the strong presence of god guiding him through it . great credit to everyone involved in this overwhelmingly sincere movie which will always be cherished by its fans . at least the billy graham crusade rated it highly enough to use it as a prime source of education for new christians . thanks fox for producing it . as walk the line proved that it was freakish that this man survived yet alone produced such an underrated masterpiece . movies are not canonized through popular vote as this production proves  in summary i believe that this film is one of the worlds great documentaries as it is forthright  honestly portrayed and a great witness to the christian faith   
this is an entertaining look at the gospel as presented by johnny cash  adorned in black  of course  who sings a lot and narrates a bit also . if you like johnny cash  this film is quite enjoyable . also note the blonde depiction of jesus in this work . . . just for fun  try to think of five jewish men who have blonde hair . . .  anyway  its a fun presentation of the greatest and most important story of all .  
johnny and june carter cash financed this film which is a traditional rendering of the gospel stories . the music is great  you get a real feel of what the world of jesus looked like  i  ve been there too   and june gets into the part of mary magdalene with a passion . cash  s narration is good too .  br    br   but . . . .  br    br    . the actor who played jesus was miscast .  . there is no edge to the story like cash puts in some of his faith based music .  . because it is uncompelling  i doubt we  ll see this ever widely distributed again .  br    br   i  d love to buy the cd .  br    br   tom paine texas  usa  
there are few films or movies i consider favorites over the years . the gospel road was one of them . i watched this as a young teen and would like the opportunity to watch it again . my favorite parts were the fact that  br    br     jesus was blond   br    br     the last supper was a huge meal   br    br     he liked playing with the children   br    br     his death was for all people and for all time .  br    br   the movie may not have been theologically sound or high quality acting  but it touched my heart at that time . besides i am a johnny cash fan and it was a brave venture . if it ever comes out on dvd  i will purchase it purely for sentimental reasons .  
i wait for each new episode  each re  run with anticipation  the new look of sci  fi created by stargate sg   is a wonder that i hope will never end . to combine the past with the future is a new twist that is fascinating to me . season   should be a thrill in itself . i wish that richard dean anderson would show up more often in the new season  as i love his dry wit as much as his temper tantrums in his character as jack o  neill . the other characters add their own uniqueness to the show that makes it a winner  season after season . you cancel this program in the next three years  and you make a serious mistake . also  you need a bigger role for the asgard  they are just too cool .  
i went into this film thinking it would be a crappy b  rated movie . i came out surprised and very amused . eva was good  but lake bell stole the show . she had amazing comedic timing . the jokes in this film were surprisingly original and really funny with one or two flat jokes in between . the plot was enough to tie it all together  a woman  eva  dies on her wedding day and comes back to haunt the woman that is going out with her was  to  be husband  its sounds far  fetched but it actually works quite well .  br    br        overall its a worthwhile cinema watch  if not get it on dvd when it comes out .  
i took a flyer in renting this movie but i gotta say  it was very  very good . on all fronts script  cast  director  photography  and high production values  etc . proves eva longoria parker is head and shoulders in rom  com above bad actors such as kate hudson and jennifer aniston  who mug and call it acting . who  da thunk it   br    br   parker and isla fisher are in a class by themselves in this regard and should try to hold out for projects as good as  over her dead body .  lake bell is excellent  too  and this is the first time i have seen her . and finally  paul rudd gets to shine in a really good movie  instead of lesser films .  br    br   a movie like this never gets its dues from close  minded males . it  s too bad . as other imdb reviewers here have noted  there is nothing lame about this gem   no hack writing or acting .  br    br   and its depiction of contemporary l . a . and california  in general  makes every scene look bright  beautiful  clean  and otherwise outstanding in every way . never before has a movie made l . a . look so good . ah  what a little talent and a lot of caring can do for a movie .  br    br   i won  t divulge the plot  but as a long  time and hard  core atheist  i was willing to suspend disbelief and buy into the supernatural theme in order to enjoy an excellent and light  hearted piece of entertainment . it reminds me very much of the old  topper  movies  which were also so enjoyable .  br    br   this movie exposes popular  but otherwise hackneyed  movies like  ghost  for the mediocre and overly sentimental crap fests they are . we already know the public taste leans heavily toward the mediocre . some of us save our praise for the truly worthy  however .  br    br   if you have enjoyed other overlooked gems such as  into the night  with michelle pfeiffer  jeff goldblum and clu gulager   blind date  with bruce willis and kim basinger   american dreamer  with jobeth williams   chances are  with robert downey jr .  christopher mcdonald and cybil sheppard   making mr . right  with john malkovich  etc .  you  ll enjoy this .  br    br   a first  rate job all around  even if it  s kinda hard to believe a straight guy can pretend to be gay for more than five years .  but even that plot device doesn  t detract from the movie  s overall excellence .  
ah  i loved this movie . i think it had it all . it made me laugh out loud over a dozen of times . yes  i am a girl  so i  m writing this from a girl  s perspective . i think it  s a shame it only scored  .  in rating . too many guys voting  it was far above other romantic comedies . just because i  m female i don  t enjoy all chic flicks  on the contrary i prefer other genres . romantic comedies tend to be shallow and not as funny as they meant to be . but like i said  this movie had it all  almost  in my opinion . great script  good one  liners  fine acting . although eva longoria parker  s character reminded very much of gabrielle from desperate housewives  but so what  it was awesome . i will keep this film for rainy days  days when i feel low and need a few laughs .  
this had a good story . . . it had a nice pace and all characters are developed cool .  br    br   i  ve watched a whole bunch of movies in the last two weeks and this had to be the best one i  ve seen in the two weeks .  br    br   jason bigg  s character was the best though .  br    br   even though it was small  it was cleverly crafted from the very beginning .  br    br   this may be a romantic comedy and i don  t like most  but the writing  direction  performing  sound  design overall in all capacity just was really thought out pretty cool .  br    br   this film scored pretty high out of all the movie  s i  ve seen lately  and the rest were big budget or better publicized .  br    br   good job in writing .  
this is a great film .  br    br   i agreed to watch a chick flick and some how ended up with this . i had never heard of it or anyone in it  excpet mike from friends  .  br    br   but it is great  eva  lake and paul give amazing performances . the humour is consistently dry and witty .  br    br   paul rudd pretty much plays the mike character from friends  which works great  . the other characters are stereotypes and the plot is formulaic  i mean we are not talking  apocalypse now  here  but the characters are likable  the story is engaging  the soundtrack  production and direction all work well .  br    br   in all a great feel  good film that really deserves a lot more credit than it gets .  br    br   everyone has their own tastes but i really don  t understand the one star reviews for this .  
actually my vote is a  .  . anyway  the movie was good  it has those funny parts that make it deserve to see it  don  t misunderstand me  is not the funniest movie of the world  and its not even original because its a idea that we have seen before in other movies  but this one has its own taste  a friend of mine told me that this was a film for boyfriends . . . i think that not exactly but who cares  also there is another movie that show us almost the same topic  chris rock appears in it  the name is down to earth  men  that one its a very funny movie  see both if you want and i know that you will agree that mr . rock won with his movie . i would liked that the protagonist male character were given to ashton kutcher  however  the film is good .  
i watched this on an  hour flight and  presumably because of the pressure and the altitude  i actually found it mildly entertaining  emphasis on the  mild   .  br    br   the actual idea behind the film was brilliant a woman dies  her fianc falls in love with someone else  she decided to make sure they don  t get together  but eventually she lets them do it . sadly the actual film wasn  t as good . ok  there were a few laughs and the actors all worked well . but from the beginning the plot was about as predictable as the destination of the flight i was on . i think the whole gay  but  not  gay friend part of the story could have been worked a lot better . the talking parrot was a nice idea but to be honest it wasn  t really very funny .  br    br   in summary the film was more interesting than staring at the seat in front of me  but it was a close call .  
i wasn  t a fan of seeing this movie at all  but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics .  br    br   overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much . this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in   days and just like heaven . a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess . the movie was quite short though  around   min .  but it was enough to tell the whole story  build some character development and have a decent happy ending . the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was a interesting plot to follow . eva did a good job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast  especially jason biggs  kept the laughs coming at a smooth pace .  br    br   overall i liked the movie only because it had a good amount of laughs to keep me going otherwise i would have given this movie a lower rating . hey its a chick flick and i  m reviewing this movie from a guy  s persepctive alright  it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it .  
look it  s eva longoria and paul rudd in a movie about a dead girlfriend haunting the new girlfriend . it  s gabrielle from desperate housewives and the guy who wore  sex panther cologne  in anchorman . if you are expecting a golden globe nominated movie then you need to rethink how you look at movies . however  if you are willing to suspend reality for   minutes and want to watch a funny movie then you  ve come to the right place . the characters are all funny . they work together very well . the real match up is paul rudd and lake bell . he  s as funny as he was on friends and she was funny and good looking all at the same time . i went with my wife  she enjoyed it and so did i .  
over her dead body was a nice little movie . it was decent and entertaining  while still being pretty funny . there were a few clich  s  but i found most stuff fresh . at first i didn  t think it was going to be good at all  when it started out . if you can get past the first   minutes though  the movie starts getting more interesting . this film wasn  t burst out in laughter hilarious  and wasn  t oh my gosh wonderful . it was just a movie that you can sit down and enjoy for how enjoyable it was . i don  t see how this movie was bad . it  s rating is just a bit too low . i could  ve dealt with a  .   but a  .   also  giving this movie a  is disgraceful . it was pretty good  and there was nothing horrible enough about it to give it a   which is what most people gave it .  
i would have given this otherwise terrific series a full   vote if claudia black had not continued on in it  her inclusion as the silly  vela  has brought the series down in my estimation . to bring her in as a regular at the same time as including ben browder to replace rda was a mistake .  br    br   unfortunately we were just reeling from the loss of  jack  and really didn  t need this great series turned into new episodes of  farscape  .  br    br   i was a great fan of the film  stargate  and when the series was first announced i had reservations that it could live up to the film  but after watching the first episode i have to admit i was hooked . i have always looked forward to new episodes with great anticipation  
in complete contrast to the opinions of the other review  this film actually was surprisingly good  i reluctantly went to see it and expected to be bored by clichs  obvious jokes and overacting  all of which the trailer had promised .  br    br   however  after  minutes in i found myself genuinely laughing and enjoying the refreshing acting . with only one  toilet humour  gag  over her dead body manages to actually come up with realistically funny scenarios and  without spoiling anything too much  some of the moments involving animals are hilarious .  br    br   the staple ingredients of a good film are all there script  director and actors and compared some other recent attempts at romantic comedy  this film stands tall .  br    br   sure  you aren  t going to learn anything or have a spiritual awakening  but if you go with an open mind you will more than likely have a good time   
once when i was in college and we had an international fair  the russian section had a soviet  era poster saying  ne boltay    meaning  don  t gossip   . i  translated  it for the  generation  of tv watchers as  don  t be gladys kravitz    in reference to the nosy neighbor on  bewitched   .  br    br   however  when you see the result of gossip in the pvt . snafu short  rumors   you see that it  s not quite a laughing matter . in this case  the perpetually witless soldier overhears something about bombing and immediately assumes that the axis powers have attacked the united states . so  he tells it to someone  who tells someone else  who tells someone else  and it continues . as in  the russians are coming  the russians are coming   the story gets blown more and more out of proportion each time  so that when it gets back to snafu . . . well  you know what i mean  yes  it  s mostly wwii propaganda  complete with a derogatory term for the japanese  but i have to say that the pvt . snafu shorts were actually quite funny . of course  since they had dr . seuss writing and mel blanc providing the voices  it  s no surprise that these came out rather cool . worth seeing .  
friz freleng  s  rumours  is an excellent private snafu cartoon that warns against spreading panic  inducing rumours during wartime . produced  as were all the snafu shorts  to be shown to military audiences as entertaining instructional films   rumours  is extremely imaginative and crams tons of ideas into its very brief lifespan . when snafu starts a rumour about a bombing  it escalates into an eventual rumour that america has lost the war . this is illustrated brilliantly by way of a long  rubbery piece of baloney and several strange  fictional creatures who come back to haunt snafu with ever more terrible news about his country  s military .  rumours  is inventive  fast paced and funny  all of which help to overshadow the rather laboured   don  t badmouth the military  message . it stands up as one of the best of the private snafu shorts .  
rumors is a memorable entry in the wartime series of instructional cartoons starring  private snafu .  the films were aimed at servicemen and were directed  animated and scored by some of the top talent from warner bros .  termite terrace  including friz freleng  chuck jones  and carl stalling . the invaluable mel blanc supplied the voice for snafu  and the stories and rhyming narration for many of the films was supplied by theodor geisel  i . e . dr . seuss . the idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid imagery  using the character of snafu as a perfect negative example he was the dope  the little twerp who would do everything you  re not supposed to do . according to chuck jones the scripts had to be approved by pentagon officials  but army brass also permitted the animators an unusual amount of freedom concerning language and bawdy jokes  certainly more than theatrical censorship of the time would allow   all for the greater good  of course .  br    br   as the title would indicate  this cartoon is an illustration of the damaging power of rumors . the setting is an army camp . private snafu sits next to another soldier in the latrine  something you won  t see in any other hollywood films of the era  and their casual conversation starts the ball rolling . we observe as an offhand remark about a bombing is misinterpreted  then exaggerated  then turned into an increasingly frightening rumor that sweeps the camp . the imagery is indeed vivid the brain of one anxious soldier is depicted as a percolating pot  while the fevered speech of another is rendered as steamy hot air  i . e  balloon juice .  a soldier  shoots his mouth off   cannon  style  and before you know it actual baloney is flying in every direction . winged baloney  at that . panicked soldiers tell each other that the brooklyn bridge has been pulverized  coney island wiped out  enemy troops have landed on the white house lawn  and the japanese are in california . the visuals become ever more surreal and nightmarish until at last the camp is quarantined for  rumor  itis  and private snafu has been locked up in a padded cell .  br    br   this is a highly effective piece of work . the filmmakers dramatized their theme with wit and startling energy  and the message is still a valid one . in recent years we  ve seen that catastrophic events  real or imagined  can breed all kinds of wild rumors that spread more rapidly than ever thanks to communication advances . because the technology has improved  the private snafus of our time are able to broadcast their own balloon juice via e  mail  cellphones and blogging . consequently  rumors is a rare example of a wartime educational film whose essential message doesn  t feel at all dated in fact it may be more timely than ever .  
this was another world war ii message to the soldiers and to the allies to be careful about spreading rumors . these were called  instructional  cartoons because it was a mixture of serious messages along with a funny  looking main character called  pvt . snafu .   br    br   all of us have imaginations  along with fears and what  have  you  and that  s what happens here as pvt . snafu incorrectly adds two and two to something he hears and comes up with  five .  you can start panics and all kinds of disasters if you spread enough rumors and enough people believe them . that includes losing confidence in your country and your cause  as pointed out here in this cartoon . a good way to lose a war is demoralize the enemy . that  s still being done today .  br    br    we lost the war   declares one big baloney near the end of this cartoon . amazing how some americans still haven  t learned . this cartoon may be   years old but it sure has relevance today . as i write this  there were two terrorist bombings in europe today and some people still think the  war on terror  is just a bumper sticker slogan . amazing .  br    br   the writer  the famous  dr . suess   uses analogies of  hot air balloon juice  here to present the above message . with theodore geisel  his real name  you know the rhymes will be clever .  br    br   nothing hilarious here  but it wasn  t meant to be . you have to understand the climate of     and the justified paranoia that was out there during world war ii . people forget that war could have easily wound up with the other side winning . it was a tense time  
though structured totally different from the book by tim krabb who wrote the original  the vanishing   spoorloos  it does have the same overall feel  except for that koolhoven  s style is less business  like and more lyric . the beginning is great  the middle is fine  but the sting is in the end . a surprise emotional ending . as you could read in several magazines there is some sex in the film  but it is done all very beautifully . never explicit  but with lots of warmth and sometimes even humour . it is a shame american films can  t be as open an honoust as this one . where dutch films tend to go just over the edge when it comes to this subject   de grot  stays always within the boundaries of good taste .  de grot  tells an amazing story stretched over more than   years . when you  ll leave the cinema you  ll be moved . what can we ask more of a film  anyway  this film even gives more . . . .  
tim krabbe is the praised author of  het gouden ei   a novel that was put on the screen twice   spoorloos  and  the vanishing   . one of the dutch writer  s more recent works is  de grot   a psychological thriller about two totally different men  egon and axel  who meet at a youth camp and  surprising enough  become friends for dear life . egon is a quiet  somewhat dull person  who spends his time studying and writing geography books . axel  on the other hand  is a charismatic  party  animal   a heavy drinking criminal whose everyday  s concern is to get a woman into his bedroom . from the moment they meet  axel has a strong influence on egon  while the latter envies him because he has a good life without really doing anything  such as reading thick books like egon   ultimately  egon is even dragged by egon into illegal practices himself  which leads to a fatal drug transport in a distant asian country .  br    br   after having read the book last year  i was surprised the critics were quite positive about it . in my opinion  the book suffers especially from the complex structure . while krabbe presents the story as an absorbing portrait of an uncommon relationship between two people  the plot becomes more of a puzzle the many episodes are not presented chronologically  so that two successive scenes are seldom in the same episode . because of this  the story feels surprisingly remote you often need to know a character  s background to really care for him or her . another complaint was the fact that the main characters  egon and axel  are a little stereotypical . egon is  the  dull intellectual  while axel is his exact opposite . in real life  such one  dimensional people rarely exist in books and films  they always seem to be there  taking away a lot of credibility .  br    br   despite all this  the film was a pleasant surprise  being much better than the book . the adaptation excels in its beautiful cinematography  humour and acting fedja van huet  egon  is one of the few dutch actors who can make you forget he is acting  which is  in my opinion  the highest an actor can achieve  . the drawbacks of the film  however  are the same as the book  s mainly because the characters are one  dimensional  they are so predictable that it becomes annoying . guess who wrote the script  indeed  krabbe himself . it is obvious that this talented director  that  s what the movie makes clear anyway  is hampered by a deficient screenplay . perhaps koolhoven should just have chosen a better book .  br    br        
  de grot  is a terrific dutch thriller  based on the book written by tim krabb . another of his books   het gouden ei  was made into the great dutch mystery thriller called  spoorloos    the vanishing   in     . this one is not as good as that thriller  although much better than the american remake also called  the vanishing   but there are times it comes close .  br    br   especially the opening moments are terrific . we see a man  later we learn his name is egon wagter  fedja van hut   coming from a plane in thailand . when he picks up his bags it is pretty clear that he is smuggling something across the border . these scenes are perfectly directed  photographed and acted . a kind of suspense is created that you would normally not have in an opening scene like this . later we see how egon makes his deal in thailand with a woman  both stating that they have never done anything like this .  br    br   from this point the movie is constantly flashback and flash  forward . we see how egon  still as a child  here played by erik van der horst   befriends a guy named axel  as a kid played by benja bruijning  . we learn how they grew up as friends  sort of  and how axel  as an adult played by marcel hensema  became a criminal . egon in the meanwhile goes to college and settles with a woman . around this time he sometimes meets axel but does not really want anything to do with him .  br    br   the movie is chronological in a way . it shows egon and axel as kids  than as students  young adults  and in their mid  thirties . but from time to time  like i said  the movie goes back to when they were kids and jumps forward again . every time we see them as kids it explains something that happens when they are adults .  br    br   minor spoilers herein .  br    br   the title means  the cave   and it is the cave that gives the movie its happy ending  although it is in fact not that happy . like the beginning  the ending is terrific . the middle part of the movie is entertaining and in a way it distracts our attention of the first scenes  only to come back at that point in the end . it is the editing that gives the movie its happy ending  although we can say the dramatic ending is happy in a way as well .  
though structured totally different from the book by tim krabb who wrote the original  the vanishing   spoorloos  it does have the same overall feel  except for that koolhoven  s style is less business  like and more lyric . the beginning is great  the middle is fine  but the sting is in the end . a surprise emotional ending . as you could read in several magazines there is some sex in the film  but it is done all very beautifully . never explicit  but with lots of warmth and sometimes even humour . it is a shame american films can  t be as open an honoust as this one . where dutch films tend to go just over the edge when it comes to this subject   de grot  stays always within the boundaries of good taste .  de grot  tells an amazing story stretched over more than   years . when you  ll leave the cinema you  ll be moved . what can we ask more of a film  anyway  this film even gives more . . . .  
de grot is a very good film . the great plot comes from the novel by tim krabb  who also adapted this story for the screen . some really top  class acting  not only by van hut  but especially by marcel hensema  who mostly did tv  work prior to his performance of axel van de graaf . the film seems to kick of as a thriller  and sets an excellent mood . then we start to learn about egon wagter and axel van de graaf  and the story is revealed bit by bit in a very compelling flash  back structure  which adds to the more romantic aspect and the character  driven drama of the movie . in the end this all culminates into an emotional ending  that will grab audiences by their throats . make sure you know as little as possible about the plot when you are going to see this movie . a must  see  especially if you liked  spoorloos   the vanishing  s original screen adaptation  .  
i started watching the show from the first season  and at the beginning i was pretty skeptical about it . original movie was kind of childish  and i was just looking for some sci  fi show while waiting for the bsg new season .  br    br   but after few episodes i became a fan . i  ve loved the characters  the not  so  stupid  as  you  think  he  is jack o  neill  the not  only  smart samantha carter  the glorious teal  c  women and kids favorite  and brilliant dr . daniel jackson .  br    br   of course  stories sometimes not serious  sometimes even ridiculous  but mostly it  s not about technology or space fighting  it  s about helping your friend  even risking your life for him . it  s about  we don  t leave anybody behind  . struggling to the end when all hope is lost . about the free will  and all good qualities that makes a human  human .  br    br   and now it  s breaking a record  going   th season  and still doing good .  
indian directors have it tough  they have to compete with movies like  laggan  where   henpecked  castrated males defend their village and half of them are certifiable idiots .  devdas   a hapless  fedar  festooned foreign return drinking to oblivion  with characters running in endless corridors oblivious to any one  s feelings or sentiments  alas they live in an ornate squalor of red tapestry and pageantry . but to make a good movie  you have to tight  rope walk to appease the frontbenchers who are the quentessential gapers who are mesmerized with split skirts and dishum  dishum fights preferably involving a nitwit  bollywood  leading actor who is marginally handsome . so you can connect with a director who wants to tell a tale of leonine village head who in own words  defending his village  this is considered a violent movie or too masculine for a male audience . there are very few actors who can convey the anger and pathos like nana patekar  narasimhan  . nana patekar lets you in his courtyard and watch him beret and mock the politician when his loyal admirers burst in laughter with every word of satire thrown at him  meanwhile his daughter is bathing his grandson . this is as authentic a scene you can get in rural india . nana patekar is the essential actor who belongs to the old school of acting which is a disappearing breed in hindi films . the violence depicted is an intricate part of storytelling with songdances thrown in for the gawkers without whom movies won  t sell  a sad but true state of affairs . faster this changes better for  bollywood  . all said and done this is one good movie .  
i initially bought this dvd because it had srk and aishwarya rai on the cover and i thought  hey  another film starring aishu and shah rukh  little did i know that aishwarya would only appear in an item number in the last quarter of the film in a song which she shares with srk and helps introduce his character who is in the film for about just   minutes . shakti is a film about a mother  s love and endurance . it  s a film about transformations  ignorance  coming of age  stepping into the know and embracing the harsh realities of life . the item number in which srk and aishu appear in has nothing to do with the movie . it  s actually a dream sequence that occurs while srk  s drunken character is knocked unconscious by booze . he dreams that aishwarya rai is this sexy street girl who shows up at his favourite hangout spot one day  dressed scantily and begins to seduce him . the title of the song is  ishq kamina   loosely translated as  love  s a bitch    and it is just plain smoking hot  don  t miss it .  
good movie  good music  good background and an acceptable plot . but the main point again as his movies tend to be  the man is the best actor in idia and can turn dust into gold . nana patekar . this may be his second best performance after parinda  others may disagree  . although other movies are not far behind . one man that will never ever disappoint you .  br    br   good movie although i think shahrukh was a luxury this movie could have done without . you can see in his movies  others try very hard to reach his heights and act out of their skins . but this man is really something elase .  br    br   the movie is cool  the music and direction is excellent plot a bit thin but the screen play and dialog again very good . a must watch .  
this is probably karisma at her best  apart from zubeidaa . nana patekar also gives out his best  without even trying . the story is very good at times but by the end seems to drag  especially when shahrukh comes in the picture . what really made me like it were the performances of the leads  the dialog delivery  as well as the story  for what it was . it could  ve been directed better  and edited . the supporting case was even great  including karima  s mother in law  even though she just had one shining moment  it was great to watch her .  br    br   the sets were also pretty good . i didn  t really like their portrayal of a canadian family  but once they step in india  it  s as real as it gets .  br    br   overall  i would give it a thumbs up   
a strong woman oriented subject after long  director krishna vamsi  s shakti  the power  the desi version of the hollywood hit not without my daughter is actress sridevi  s first home  production . a story about a woman  s fight against harsh injustice .  br    br   the story of the film revolves around nandini  karisma kapoor  who lives in canada with her two uncles  tiku talsania  jaspal bhatti  . there she meets shekhar  sanjay kapoor   falls in love with him and they soon marry . their family is complete when nandini has a boy  raja  master jai gidwani  . but their happiness is short lived  as the news of shekhar  s ailing mother  deepti naval  makes them leave their perfect life in canada and come to india . and that  s when the problems start . from the moment they reach  br    br   india  both are shocked to see the pollution and the vast throngs of people everywhere . they take a crowded train to reach shekhar  s village and when they finally reach the station  they have to catch a long bus drive to his village . the filthy sweaty bus combined with the uncertain terrain makes it a never  ending drive . and unfortunately for them  a frenzied mob that beat shekhar out of shape for no fault of his attacks their bus . fortunately  they get shot dead just in time before they can further harm him . after that  they drive to the handing havel where shekhar   s father  narsimha  nana patekar  lives with his wife  deepti naval  . nandani realized that her father  in  law is in command as soon as she enters the place  but her only solace is her mother  in  law  s warm welcome .  br    br   living there  nandini learns of her father  in  laws tyrannical behavior and realizes that ruthless killing is a way of life for him . the day she sees her father  in  law teach her son to throw a bomb  she loses it and lashes out against him  insisting to shekhar that they move back to canada . but terror strikes again when shekhar is murdered one day  leaving a broken down nandini alone with her son in this strange land where she is harrowed by a cruel father  in  law . her fight against this man to save her son is what makes up the climax of this emotional heart  wrenching film .  br    br   what sets apart shakti from most films being made off late is also the rural setting of the movie . the only drawback is ismail darbar   s music  which fails to rise above the script . the only saving grace is the sexy item number ishq kameena  which has been composed by anu malik . another pat for the director comes because he has extracted some splendid performances from his cast . karisma kapoor is the life of the film and has given a moving performance as a helpless mother . she is sure to win awards for this heated portrayal . second is actor nana patekar who is back with a bang with this film . his uncouth mannerisms suit him to the hilt and he  s shown his versatility once again with this role . sanjay kapoor is the surprise packet of the film with a sincere and effective portrayal that stands up against both the other actors . deepti naval too is in top form and her pr  climax showdown with nana is praiseworthy . shahrukh  s cameo provides the lighter moments and surely he  s been pulled in to get the required star value . though his role was not really required  he  s done it well . overall  shakti is a far superior film than most churned out these days and the pr  release hype is sure to get it a good opening . shakti is sure to get the critics and audience thumps up . so what if the film needs to be desperately trimmed by at least  reels to better the impact . shakti still has the power to go on without a hitch   
seeing this movie was the most fun i  ve had at the cinema in a long time . however  i am not able to say whether this is a good or a bad film  because such simple qualifications simply cannot be applied . this picture has everything any movie could ever have . it has characteristics of a romantic comedy  a political commentary  a thriller  a drama  an action movie  a musical  and an absurdist self  conscious art film . it  s all in there  adding up to a myth .  br    br   the basic premise is about an indian couple  nandini  karishma kapoor  and shekhar  sanjay kapoor   happily living in canada  who rush to india to visit the husband  s parents after a disturbing news report . the rest of the story takes place in india  where the couple find themselves in the midst of a plot of fratricidal violence . at one point  the story borrows from  not without my baby   but to call shakti a remake of anything would be an injustice .  br    br   the ostensible story line takes a backseat to a number of astonishing interruptions  including shah rukh khan  s dream of aishwarya rai which comes as if out of another movie . in fact  the two stars are on all the posters  but they appear really late in the film  and only shah rukh ends up being a real character . yet he makes up for it with a spirited and truly unexpected performance .  br    br   karishma kapoor is the one with most work to do in this film  and she does an admirable job  having to link up the film  s twists and turns with a show of believable emotion . another notable presence is nana patekar  who plays narsimha  the tyrannical father of the husband shekhar . nana patekar dominates every scene he  s in with a scary but nuanced character .  br    br   the movie is not without its share of realism . violence is rampant  but truly disturbing in the abuse received by most of the female characters  with karishma getting soundly beaten on a number of occasions . at times  this violence is clearly disturbing but ultimately it becomes surreal as every dramatic sequence is usually followed by such comic and spectacular turns that the overall effect is nothing but cathartic .  br    br   i have seen a share of bollywood releases  and the mixing of genres and incredible plot resolutions are certainly their norm . but  shakti  raises the bar by absorbing an even greater masala without becoming ridiculous . it is a film that achieves the grandeur of a shakespearian tragedy  where the audience of the rabble and royalty is equally entertained . it is pure  gratuitous cinema  and the director krishna vamsi must have had a dream of a good time by throwing in every trick in the book . perhaps  the all  important message of violence begetting violence and the inspiring extents of motherly love were not the thoughts on my mind  but i came out of watching  shakti  exhilarated . making movies can be the most fun in the world   
okay  i know this does  nt project india in a good light . but the overall theme of the movie is not india  it  s shakti . the power of a warlord  and the power of a mother . the relationship between nandini and her husband and son swallow you up in their warmth . then things go terribly wrong . the interaction between nandini and her father in law  the power of their dysfunctional relationship  and the lives changed by it are the strengths of this movie . shah rukh khan  s performance seems to be a mere cameo compared to the believable desperation of karisma kapoor . it is easy to get caught up in the love  violence and redemption of lives in this film  and find yourself heaving a sigh of relief and sadness at the climax . the musical interludes are strengths  believable and well done .  
well  i  ll be honest it is not exactly a sholay . but you cant get a sholay every week . in fact  you could see distinct signatures of  not without my daughter   sally field       in this movie . however  as most  inspired  movies go  this one was a well  inspired one  well handled and well done . nana patekar  as usual  tends to overdo his hysterics  but all others are commendable . specially so about dipti naval saw her after a long time  but she hasn  t lost any of her grace . in fact  she has performed much better that when i last saw her . another one of the bollywood stars that seem to grow more beautiful as they age   br    br   all in all  a nice watch .  
the beauty of this film is evidenced in the great portrayal of the power of a mother  s love  the exceptional performances  the steady execution and the quite innovative script . the film tells the story of an indian woman  nandini  who lives in canada with her husband shekhar and little kid raja . all of a sudden her husband informs her that his family in india  of whom she had not even known  is in troubles and the couple rush to india . when they get into the village  nanadini is shocked and terrified to witness a very wild rural culture shekhar  s family  ruled by his cruel  highly cynical and merciless father narasimha  lives a poor and highly violent lifestyle which is full of murder and terror and where women are subservient and helpless . nandini starts nagging shekhar to return home  but he is soon killed by his father  s enemies . when she wants to leave  narasimha refuses to let her take raja back to india . here starts the intense struggle which can be called  nandini vs . narasimha  .  br    br   india is not presented in a particularly positive light in this film  but it only shows a very tiny minority of its rural areas  so it may be even correct . the portrayal is in my view fair and not one  sided because the positive side is also presented to an extent . such a horrifying sight could be shown in a film about any country in the world . the locations are amazing  the music is wonderful  and krishna vamshi  s direction is aided by very effective cinematography and good editing . one thing that must be noted is the very ear  pleasing background score by ismail darbar  it is beautiful . the characters are very well defined though we do get to see both their bright and dark sides in different portions of the film . portrayed realistically throughout  the film flows well and is an interesting and fairly entertaining watch . its dialogues are superb and intelligently written  and although the shocking proceedings can be very disturbing at some points  a great deal of positive moments manage to relieve the tension .  br    br   the film  s biggest strength is the performances . karisma kapoor is breathtaking and very believable as nandini . her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotion is simply incredible . she displays so much intensity  impulsiveness  anguish and determination as the mother who wants to get her son back that this little kid seems to be her own son . her outbreaks while facing off nana patekar which are like volcanic eruptions show us how the simplest of women can become a tigress when it comes to her child . after fiza  this is her most powerful performance . one of the greatest actors indian cinema has seen  nana patekar is indescribable as narasimha . he manages to be hateful as narasimha yet admirable as the actor who plays him . patekar displays cruelty  wittiness and even humanity with total conviction . he is outstanding . another great performance comes unsurprisingly from india  s most underrated actress  deepti naval  who sensitises her character to perfection . sanjay kapoor is just adequate and shahrukh khan provides great comic relief . anyway  do watch shakti  it could have been better  but it is definitely a must  watch .  
if any movie stands out extremely with the actors  acting skills  this is probably the one . i  ve never seen dialogues be spoken in such a rough way  but having a strong feeling . the movie was disturbing at moments . however  the movie was terrible at editing . the movie tries to go the commercial way by adding comedy and songs  yet they feel out of place . like karisma is getting beat up  and the same time srk is fighting  comically  with the police officers . the ishq kamina song was very out of place . on top of that  the movie is overly glossy in the beginning . the direction was not bad  but certainly nothing one can brag about .  br    br   i have to say that the actors  were chosen very wisely . without them  this movie would not have an impact . karisma kapoor has given her best role to date  and this looks very good on her record after zubeidaa and fiza . she looks pretty in the first half  and i  ve never seen an actress scream of emotion and anger as well as her . what is most ironic is this is probably her weakest written role to date . nana patekar was excellent as her father  in  law . not much to say about him  besides this is a role made for him . deepti naval as the mother  in  law was excellent especially in her final scene . though she doesn  t have much to say  her facial expressions and body language was good . the other good performance was the little kid . he was adorable  and is sure to bring tears to the viewer  s eyes . the movie was probably saved desperately by their performances . sanjay kapoor was all right  but he didn  t have much to do . shahrukh khan was wasted in his bad boyish type role .  br    br   one thing that brought the audience to the theater was ishq kamina . the song picturization and dancing is perfect for the crude lyrics of the song . and boy aish is mad hot . however  the song belonged to be in another movie only because it came at the worst moment ever . people may have come to the movie for aish  but they won  t brag too much about it after  wards . hum tum miley was properly paced  but seemed to drag as the suspense mood was leaving throughout the movie . damroo bhaje was boring and nothing to rave about . dil ne pukara is too boring of a song to get the mood of the movie . despite the poor editing  the performances alone make it a must see .  
the movie was sub  par  but this television pilot delivers a great springboard into what has become a sci  fi fans ideal program . the actors deliver and the special effects  for a television series  are spectacular . having an intelligent interesting script doesn  t hurt either .  br    br   stargate sg  is currently one of my favorite programs .  
uneven bollywood drama . karisma kapoor is excellent as an indian woman in canada who marries a friend  sanjay kapoor   has a child  and then visits his family in india only to find they are terrorist warlords . drama and tragedy ensue  and the film becomes a kind of not without my baby styled thriller . film is compelling  its few song  dance numbers are uninteresting and needless  the gaity of bollywood song and dance is really out of character for the intensity of this film  s drama  at least once we  ve left the comforting confines of their canadian love nest  although one number involving a cameo by the stunning aishwarya rai is enjoyably provocative  if ultimately misplaced as well . likewise  the inclusion of bollywood superstar shahrukh khan as a happy  go  lucky drifter who helps kapoor in her escape from the clutches of the warlord turns what had been a very serious drama into a silly farce  and it only gets back on his feet when his character  and his fantasies about rai that generate her cameo dance  are dispensed with . his throw  away comic  book dialog and the silliness of his fight scenes detract from the film  s primary gripping drama . the cast is nicely supported by nana patekar as the warlord  and the elegant deepti naval who is outstanding as his long  suffering wife who finally choses to stand up against him in one of the film  s best scenes ritu shivpuri and rajshree solanki are also very good as sanjay  s sisters in india  and very pleasing eye candy . but sanjay himself overacts terribly  especially during obvious ad  libs . the directorial style of writer  director krishna wamsi is sloppy  rampant with rough transitions and abrupt cuts  although his camera movement is good . the musical underscore is also quite effective  moody  featuring wordless female voice over a small orchestral ensemble  too bad little if any of that made it onto shakti  s soundtrack cd  but bollywood hasn  t yet discovered the value of including score along with songs on their soundtrack albums  at least not in most cases  . but shakti is karisma kapoor  s film  all the way  though  and the intensity of her performance once the film switches to india contrasts nicely with the gentle romance with which she engaged with sanjay in the initial canadian scenes . despite the unevenness of much of the picture  karisma  s performance completely sells the film and solidifies its otherwise inconsistent measures . in a strange way  also  i found the story to be another take on the ostentation of royalty i  d noticed in curse of the golden flower and marie antoinette  both of which i  d seen just prior  although shakti of course is an entirely different kind of film but the focus on a dysfunctional royal family  here living in the austerity of terrorism  controlled poverty in india rather than the elegance of versailles or the massive megalomania of feudal china  s tang dynasty  whose self  serving seeking of power brings ruin upon many others and forces an uprising of one kind or another provides the film with a notable subtext .  
what is contained on this disk is a first rate show by a first rate band . this disc is not for the faint of heart . . . the music is incredibly intense  and very cool . what you will learn when you watch this movie is just why the who was so huge for so long . it is true that their records were great  but their shows were the top of the heap . in     when this concert was shot  the screaming teenie boppers that threw jelly beans at the beatles were gone and bands  and audiences  had settled down to long and often amazing displays of musical virtuosity   something that few audiences have the intellectual curiosity to pursue in the age of canned music by britney and christina . what you especially learn here are the amazing things that can happen when gifted musicians are encouraged to improvise . try the concert out  it really is amazing .  
this is the who at their most powerful . although before the masterwork who  s next  which would provide anthems like baba o  reily and wont get fooled again . this film shows the group in transition from mod rockers to one of the biggest live bands of the    s .  br    br   daltrey shows what being a front  man is all about  entwistle steady as ever .  br    br   moon is great  check out the ongoing conversation with the drum tech  and see him playing  side saddle  whilst having a bass drum head replaced   br    br   townsend even looks like he  s enjoying himself occasionally   br    br   considering they took to the stage at  am no one in the crowd was asleep   br    br   there are not many bands these days could produce a set as tight as this and it is difficult to imagine any of the bands of today producing a concert that in   years time will be be enjoyed as much as this one .  
this review is dedicated to the late keith moon and john entwistle .  br    br   the original drum and bass .  br    br   there seems to be very little early who footage around these days  if there is more then lets be  aving it  now  a  days it tends to be of a very different kind of who altogether  a parody  a shadow of their  much  better years . to be fair  not one of them has to prove anything to anyone anymore  they  ve earned their respect and with overtime .  br    br   this concert footage for me is one of their best . to command an audience of around a        plus strong crowed takes skill  charisma  wit and a whole lot of bloody good music .  br    br   we all know of the other acts on the bill  the doors  their last ever show weeks before jim morrison died   moody blues  hendrix  taste  free and many more . the point being that whoever were there it was the who that the majority had come to see . this show was one year after the great hippie fest of the      s woodstock . the film and record had come out and so had the who  s greatest work to date  tommy . the ever hungry crowd wanted a taste  to be able to experience their own unique event  to be able to  grove and love  in the knowledge that this gig was their own . to do this you needed the best of what rock  n roll had to throw at the hungrily baited crowd .  br    br   at two  o clock in the morning in late august     the m . c . announces   ladies and gentlemen  a small rock  n roll band from shepherds bush london  the  oo  .  br    br   john entwistle  s body suit is of black leather  on the front is the out line of a human skeleton from neck to toe  roger dressed in his traditional stage outfit of long tassel  s and long flowing hair  keith in a white t  shirt and jeans  as pete had his white boiler suit and doc martins that he  d preferred to wear .  br    br   the who never stopped their onslaught of high energy rock for over two hours  performing theirs and other artists  greatest tracks such as young man blues  shaking  all over  and then as on queue  keith baiting the crowed to  shut up  it  s a bleeding opera  with tommy  the rock opera . the crowed went wild . this is what they had come to hear  and the who didn  t disappoint  straight into overture and never coming up for air until the final note of  tommy can you hear me   amazing .  br    br   to capture a show of this magnitude of a band of this stature at their peak at a festival that was to be the last of its kind anywhere in the world was a fantastic piece of cinematic history .  br    br   the english dvd only comes in a soundtrack of english  linear pcm stereo  were as in the states  i think  you can get it with  .  at least   check local press for details  on that  okay .  br    br   the duration of the dvd is   minutes with no extras  which is a disappointment . yes  for a slice of rock and festival history this dvd would send you in a nostalgia trip down memory lane the moment you press play  for some of the best who concert footage as it was meant to be  live  raw and in your face   br    br   i would have given this dvd ten if it wasn  t for the lack of  .   and some extras would have been nice .  br    br   thanks roger  pete  john and keith .  
this would have worked a lot better if it had been made as  mitchell in malta .  at least then we would have been spared the sight of joe don baker running around an otherwise scenic mediterranean locale clad in that ridiculous looking cowboy outfit . . . not to mention acting like an old west gunslinger . mitchell being mitchell  the film wouldn  t have suffered from a lack of gratuitous police brutality either . oh well . at least the comic comments of mike and the bots made this enjoyable fare as an episode of mst . i can  t imagine watching it on it  s own  however .  
joe don baker is one of a handful of actors who is often better than his material  and almost always under appreciated . he  s been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero  and has the type of strong  solid presence that wallace beery did half a century before him . baker can delivery material that would sound ridiculous coming out of another actor  and that  s what  s so great about him . he really seems to mean what he  s saying  regardless of how clich  obvious or silly  which puts him in a league with tommy lee jones  oliver reed and don stroud . it  s what made the walking tall trilogy work so well  and that same magic is here in final justice . this was a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the   s  and it has aged a lot better than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era . by moving the action from texas to europe  there  s a real timeless quality that doesn  t jar you away from the action on screen . to be honest  i  ve always enjoyed the films of greydon clark  who is a no  nonsense director in the same vein as     s clint eastwood  and this is one of his best . final justice is one of the lost gems of the late   s  similar to man on fire in its true grit and violence . i suppose if they remake this with the rock  a whole new audience will come to love it as much as i do .  
kudos to cesar montano for reviving the cebuano movie  panaghoy sa suba is very good   it has the drama  the action  the romance  and scene that will make you laugh .  br    br   while the story is not that original  a love triangle   or make a four  cornered  love  japanese occupation  rebellion  american as lord   its presentation is something cool  especially it uses it original language   bisaya for the filipino  nipongo for the japanese and english for the american .  br    br   this movie will go as one of this year  s best pinoy movies .  br    br   go watch this   
well it  s been a long year and i  m down to reviewing the final film for     . panaghoy sa suba  call of the river  placed second in the recent metro manila film festival . as expected  it didn  t do so well at the box office as it was too artsy for the common moviegoers especially since mmff is the season where a lot of families go out to see movies .  br    br   it was quite intriguing to see a movie that was not in filipino or english play out in the screen . i thought cesar montano did a good job both as a star and director . his great vision and creativity really helped this film . he was also very effective as the lead star and was able to express a wide range of emotions that was required for the film . also performing well was young actress rebecca lusterio . she did a great job portraying bikay  the younger sister of duroy . i hope to see her in many more film projects in the future perhaps venturing into other genres . i think that the fact that this film was in her local dialect really helped her .  br    br   some of the camera shots in the film were done very well . the scenery was made breathtaking even though i feel that if a lesser effort would have looked completely different .  br    br   in terms of the story i feel that the writers could have delved further into the lives of the lesser characters in the film . i certainly won  t be raving about the story of this film .  
i  m grateful to cesar montano and his crew in reviving the once  moribund visayan film understorey .  panaghoy  is hopefully the forerunner of a resurgence in this vernacular  that claims more speakers than tagalog  . the dialect and lifestyle details are accurately reminiscent of this region of the philippines . downside the corny and stilted acting of the american antagonist . the other item that i didn  t appreciate was the lack of authenticity in the  period  costume of the same character  and above all  his bright red kit  car that i suppose was meant to pass for a     s roadster . without those small yet glaring details   panaghoy  would  ve been at least a  out of   on my rating   daghang salamat  manoy cesar  addendum this film sure beats peque gallaga  s  oro  plata  mata   which provided a different view of the visayas during the second world war . alos  there are some parts where the cinematography harks back to spielberg  s  the color purple  and the storyline begins to become reminiscent of  noli me tangere  .  
as a kid  i loved this game . i played it a zillion times during spring     with my friend andrew . i used to play axel or blaze and he would be adam and no matter how often we played it we never seemed to get bored . then streets of rage  came out . and we quickly forgot that this one even existed .  br    br   you play as ex  cops axel stone  adam or blaze fielding  who have quit the force in order to take on the bad guys in their own way . there are  levels to work thru in a run  down and corrupt city led by the evil mr x . beating up all the bad guys and the end  of  level boss is much fun . level   the bridge  was my fave because you could chuck baddies down the holes into the river . you even have the chance to become mr . x  s right hand man at the end of the game  at a price  . this leads to the  bad ending  in which you become the the boss of the syndicate . exactly how this is possible is a mystery since you destroy the syndicate on your way to mr . x  but never mind .  br    br   streets of rage also has truly fantastic music . the composer yuzo koshiro did absolute miracles with the limited technology of the sega genesis . the main theme  level one  level  and final boss are standout tunes .  br    br   as a wii owner i am proud to have this forever on my console . but with streets of rage  also available  it does kind of render the first one somewhat obsolete .  br    br   pros  br    br   average graphics but nice backgrounds represented in a comic  book like panel progression that fits the tone of the game .  br    br   great tunes .  br    br   easy to get into and hard to put down .  br    br   cons  br    br   vastly inferior to the infinitely more complex streets of rage  .  br    br   poor enemy ai . baddies often walk away from you instead of engaging in combat . this is especially infuriating with the level  boss .  br    br   lack of combo moves .  br    br   lack of decent weapons .  br    br   bad guy models are repeated far too often .  br    br   graphics b  sound a  gameplay b  lasting appeal b   
on sunday july         the first episode of a new science fiction series called  stargate sg    was broadcast on showtime . a spin  off of and sequel to the     film  stargate  starring kurt russell and james spader  the series begins approximately one year after the events portrayed in the film . for ten seasons  it chronicled the adventures and misadventures of an intrepid team of explorers known as sg   . originally  the series starred richard dean anderson as colonel jack o  neill  two  l  s    michael shanks as dr . daniel jackson  amanda tapping as captain samantha carter  christopher judge as teal  c and don s . davis as major general george s . hammond . for ten long years  we watched the team battle against the goa  uld  the replicators  the ori and many other aggressors . at the same time  they forged alliances with the asgard  the tok  ra  the rebel jaffa  the nox and the tollan . they saved the world no less than eight times over the years and never gave up  not until death claimed them . and sometimes not even then .  br    br   as with all long  running series  they were numerous cast changes . michael shanks left the series in january     at the end of its fifth season in order to broaden his horizons as an actor . daniel jackson  s successor as the team  s resident archaeologist  geek was jonas quinn  an alien from a country called kelowna on the planet langara  played by corin nemec . however  shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in june     and nemec left at the same time . unfortunately  he made only one further guest appearance and his character was seldom mentioned afterwards . don s . davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in march     as he felt that it was time for him to go . the show  s original star and arguably its most popular actor  richard dean anderson  starred in the series throughout its first eight seasons . his participation in the seventh and eight seasons was noticeably less than in the earlier seasons . he finally left  sg    in march     in order to spend more time with his then six  year  old daughter . jack o  neill was by far my favourite character in the series and  truth be told  i never enjoyed the last two seasons as much as i did the earlier episodes for that very reason .  br    br   the ninth season represented a new era for the programme . with the departure of its lead actor and the defeat of the goa  uld and the replicators in season eight  many fans felt the series should go out on a high . regardless  the series carried on for a further two years with the ori replacing the goa  uld as the series  main adversaries . three new characters were brought in to fill the gaps as it were and help usher in this re  invention . ben browder came in as the cocky southern air force pilot lt . colonel cameron mitchell  the new leader of sg   . his  farscape  co  star  the lovely claudia black  began to play a prominent role in the series as the vivacious  sexy  hilarious and certainly extroverted vala mal doran  a former goa  uld host and con artist from another planet . a recurring guest star during the eighth and ninth seasons  she joined the cast full time at the beginning of its tenth and final season . rounding off the cast was the legendary beau bridges as major general hank landry  the new commander of the sgc and an old friend of jack o  neill and general hammond . for the last two years  they starred alongside the  sg    faithful  michael shanks  amanda tapping and christopher judge  and became valuable parts of and made equally valuable contributions to the stargate franchise .  br    br   alas  all good things must come to an end . during the initial broadcast of the first several episodes of season ten  ratings dropped considerably  resulting in cancellation in its august     . after ten seasons and    episodes  the dream was finally over . on march         what began with  children of the gods  ended with  unending  . the series finale made its world premiere on sky one in britain and ireland before being shown on the sci  fi channel in the united states on june        .  br    br   in the ten years that the series was on the air  it amassed legions of fans and even eclipsed the science fiction series   star trek   in terms of popularity in certain countries . it became the second  longest running sci  fi series in the world  second only to  doctor who              and the longest  running american produced sci  fi series  having surpassed  the x  files  only a few months before it ended .  br    br    stargate sg    represents the cornerstone of the  stargate  franchise . in      its success and popularity led to the production of a spin  off series entitled  stargate atlantis   which was regrettably cancelled after five seasons and    episodes in august     . although plans for another feature film fell through  two direct  to  dvd films   stargate the ark of truth  and  stargate continuum   were released in     and more are planned for the not too distant future . a third live  action series   stargate universe   is also due to premiere at some point next year .  there was  unfortunately  an animated series   stargate infinity   which ran only from     to     but the less said about that the better  . despite the end of  sg    and  atlantis  as continuing series  the future of  stargate  looks very bright indeed .  br    br   in conclusion  while  stargate  has yet to gain the same degree of popular recognition as other major sci  fi television franchises such as  star trek  and  doctor who   its still relatively new compared to those two sci  fi giants and i have every confidence that it will continue for many  many years to come .  
imdb lists this as     for some reason  but the other sources i  ve seen including the excellent program notes mark it as    . doesn  t really matter  except that it  s quite interesting to watch this abstract collage of film and video  one of the first art works to merge the two apparently  in the context of the star gate sequence in      released the same year . pure abstraction isn  t really my thing  but i can take it in small doses and the super  saturated optically printed colors and psychedelic feel of this series of flowers  rohrschach blots  birds  etc is pretty compelling and quite beautiful . certainly helped paved the way for many other nascent video artists in the   s  and deserves to be better known .  
all i hear about is how poorly the animation is done . it may not be up to par with what everyone expects  but look at it this way . would you expect perfection in hell  it is my belief that the animation was made dry and gritty on purpose . it was great to see her character transformation in this movie  considering it will probably be as close to live action as we will ever get . i hope for a sequel very soon . if we want live action  i think we may be better off with chastity or purgatori . i don  t think lady death would transfer well to film . but be that as it may  it is my own personal belief that all the naysayers about this movie are dead wrong . no pun intended .  
it  s a very good movie  not only for the fans of lady death comics  but also for those who like animated movies  series of adventure and fantasy .  br    br   the film is about a innocent girl who is about killed for something she hadn  t done  but for be who she is daughter of the ruler of hell  lucifer himself .  br    br   then she seeks revenge . . . and the rest you better see it from the movie .  br    br   i liked the movie a lot  the characters are like the original comics  form chaos . i never had the chance of read the the first parts of the story in comics  only the last ones  after the passages in the movie  so i cannot tell you if the events are exactly like the comics  but . . . one way or another it  s the story of lady death   
i personally liked this movie and am alarmed at the rating  s some people have given it . it is a movie based on a comic book and it is animated  now if you don  t like comic books or animation then of course you won  t like this movie so why did you watch and bother to rate it is beyond me . though  if you are a fan of interesting  strong characters and heroic  sexy  women kicking butt and saving the world  hell  you will love this movie . i thought the story really pulled me in and it was a very cool movie . quite anime  esque or more like some of the american movies following this new trend of adult animation . like titan a . e . meet  s the live action version of punisher . in the end i highly recommend this movie the comic buff and super hero fan or anyone with an open enough mind looking for a fun movie .  
i love the movies and own the comics  the comics are different then the movie but still i  d give it   out of   . it was awesome . if the movies got anymore awesome . i would have her babies . and i am female . read the comics you won  t regret it . yes in this movie since brian p . the artist for her died we don  t get nearly as good artistic work . i mean seriously don  t get me wrong these people did great  but different versions for different people . different strokes for different folks as the saying goes . any guy who doesn  t go bonkers over her is insane  or does not like women  or you know just plan insane . if i could count on my fingers how in love and how many times i have read the comics i would run out of fingers for sure  but hey there is always toes .  
although not the best anime i have ever seen but i enjoyed lady death .  br    br   i have never read the comic book and just saw this at the video store and decided to give it a chance .  br    br   the animation was ok  i got the sense of the    s anime from it which is what set it off for me . why everyone else hates that is beyond me .  br    br   character development was fine . i like how they brought the transition from hope to lady death around . for you who don  t like it  obviously wasn  t paying attention . lucifer tells you how it happens  and she used his words .  br    br   creamtor was a nice mentor  soldier for her . his dark bruiting style was perfect for this kind of movie .  br    br   i think everyone here who has bashed this needs to take another look at it and reconsider . cause everything people have bashed this can be said about everyones favorite anime vampire hunter d  
rented this one accidentally  it was behind the movie box of what i thought i was renting  didn  t find out until i got home  watched it anyways . absolutely fantastic  a wonderful movie  and one of my top three favorite of all time  i recommend it to everyone   br    br   the story is enjoyable and easy to follow  this could have been easily messed up  but the actors and director do a great job of keeping it together .  br    br   the actors themselves are fantastic  displaying wonderful character and doing a terrific job .  br    br   gotta find a copy somewhere . . . . . . . . . . .  
in my years of attending film festivals  i have seen many little films like this that never get theatrical distribution  and they end up in the   bins at walmart . i just found dvd of yank tanks there  great doc  but how sad for it to end up as a rock  bottom remainder .  br    br   i loved this film  wish i  d seen it at the cinema in it  s everything . i  d have preferred that new yorker films had translated the title directly . it  s good for americans to stretch a little . if the film  s title helps the us audience to explore random chaos  all the better . cinema imitates life  visa versa .  br    br   also  i found it distracting that the subtitles put prices in dollars . come on  the euro is not hard to figure out  make the gringo audiences do the math . seeing a film  especially one shot in paris  the viewer should not have the effect spoiled by being reminded i am an american watching a movie and they are translating the euros into dollars for me .  br    br   looking forward to seeing more of these actors and more from the writer  director as well .  
this film has renewed my interest in french cinema . the story is enchanting  the acting is flawless and audrey tautou is absolutely beautiful . i imagine that we will be seeing a lot more of her in the states after her upcoming role in amelie .  
seldom do we see such short comments written by imdb filmgoers . perhaps it  s because this lightweight dark comedy entertains and pleases without depth  or are we missing something  i  d watch it again if i had some incentive .  br    br   so what  s a happenstance  to the french it is  le battement d  ailes du papillon  serendipity  fate  perhaps it  s an event that is the culmination of a series of random happenings . we  ve all had these  it  s called life  but when looked at in this way  you begin to get the feeling that  random  might be more like  fated .   br    br   a  happenstance  in this film might be an occurrence as minor as knocking a few leaves of lettuce off the back of a truck or as major as basing a major life decision on the accuracy of a stranger tossing of a pebble . all these incidents cause other events that . . . well you get the picture  dominoes . multiply those by   characters and an average of  each and you have to really stretch your imagination to accept the remote chance that this scenario could happen . and i think that there  s a diagnosis for those who believe that life is like this . but then this is the magic world of cinema .  br    br   we admit that it is fun to watch the way the writer  director weaves together these unrelated events into a story which enmeshes the lives of these french citizens . if you have a couple of hours and are looking for a whimsical escape  here  s the place to do it . or if you  re recovering from surgery and aren  t going anywhere anyway  this will engage you while your stitches are healing .  br    br    happenstance  will not go down as an award winner but it should develop a cult following . stranger things have happened .  br    br   soren kierkegaard is attributed with the following  life can only be understood backwards but it must be lived forward .  if you looked at the detail in many of your own life experiences  meeting your first love  finding the perfect gift  your last auto accident  you would find a series of seemingly random events leading up to it .  br    br   that  s the answer  i forgot to bring along an existentialist to explain  happenstance  to me .  
  happenstance  is the most new york  feeling parisian film i  ve seen since  when the cat  s away  chacun cherche son chat  .   br    br   a film from last year released now to capitalize on the attention audrey tatou is getting for  amelie   its french title is more apt  le battement d  ailes du papillon  the beating of the butterfly  s wings   as in summarizing chaos theory as a controlling element in our lives .  br    br   tatou  s gamine  ness is less annoying here because she only occasionally flashes that dazzling smile amidst her hapless adventures  and because she  s part of a large  multi  ethnic ensemble  so large that it took me a long time to sort out the characters  especially as some of the cute guys and older women looked alike to me  and some of the characters fantasize what they should do such that i wasn  t sure if they were doing that or not .  br    br   but i loved how urban the coincidences were  from immigrants to love nests to crowded subway cars to hanging around cafs .  br    br   the subtitles quite annoyingly gave both parts of a dialog at once .  br    br    originally written            
  stargate sg    follows the intergalactic explorations of a team named sg   through a device called the stargate and all the surprises awaiting on the other side of the wormhole .  br    br   having seen this series sporadically for it  s first few seasons when it first came out  i didn  t know how good this series would really be    years after i had last seen an episode . my old impression was that the series was great  but my impression was far from the truth .  stargate sg    is more than just a simple sci  fi series  it is one of the most well made  interesting  long running  exciting sci  fi ever produced . and why  because it runs on an amazing premise .  br    br   this series value far surpasses that of the movie it was based on and i think it is a very good example that television  as a medium  with a suitable premise  is able to provide something that doesn  t work on the time restriction of film . the sense of familiarity created by a long running series  watching the characters and their circumstances progressing with time is stunning and just adds to the ability to suspend disbelief  and it  s all a result of terrific writing and a lot of dedication by the all crew to the show .  br    br    stargate sg    kept offering great adventures throughout the   years  but was never afraid of the challenge of moving the plot and it gave way for some very different time periods of the show  br    br    the first few seasons  perhaps up to the  th   th  focused a lot more on the exploration of planets and different situations  keeping the episodes fairly unrelated to each other if it were not for the always impending goaul  d threat .  br    br    from the  th to the  th there was increasingly more episodes focusing on fighting the goaul  d and preventing attacks on earth . after this seasons exploration of the planets was almost only an excuse for putting sg   in a place of goaul  d  replicator  ori conflicts  br    br    the  th season is probably the most mixed one . it has a stream of episodes that includes minor earth matters in which the stargate is hardly even mentioned  but the last episodes feature some great replicator moments .  br    br    the  th and   th travel together because they have the same new enemy and no jack o  neil . they are both good continuations  although the first few episodes of the   th season are a little weak  because they seem to be about little more than sg   and human  jaffa losing battle after battle to the ori .  br    br   basically  after season   exploration was pushed to the background  which in many ways was a shame  because of the potential and mystery each planet  episode  presented on the other hand  it made for so many great episodes of the ongoing conflicts that the change of nature of the show still worked and shows how great and bold the writers were .  br    br   even tough i believe the series have a high quality ending that nicely puts it to rest  the feeling i have is that it could go on the people involved were all great professionals and the series narrative had plenty to offer . a last season returning to the beginning nature of the series was very doable and would have been most welcome  but ultimately things are as they are .  br    br   in the end  because of the fact that i enjoyed everything  it  s a little hard to find that it ends . the big picture  however  the one drawn by the work of hundreds of people over the course of   years  is a sight of beauty and a true testament to the dedication of the crew  those outstanding actors and the characters the we will always remember as a collective by the name of sg   .  
this isn  t exactly a great film  but i admire the writers and director for trying something a little different . the film  s main theme is fate and small  seemingly insignificant things that can greatly change the future . in some ways this reminds me of the film sliding doors  though instead of focusing on one random event  seemingly random stuff happens repeatedly and each one helps build to the cute conclusion . plus  an odd bald guy seems to understand all this and he talks about this during one brief scene   like he  s some sort of omnipotent being but there  s absolutely no explanation of him in the film  like the two guys that fight each other in the clock tower in the hudsucker proxy  .  br    br   the dvd jacket shows just audrey tautou . this is capitalize on her success in amelie  though she is only one of many actors in the film and there is no one starring role . the pace is brisk  the acting fine and the conclusion isn  t bad at all . the only reason i didn  t score it higher is that some of the characters were a bit uninteresting and i think the movie could have perhaps been tightened up with a few less subplots .  
narratives  whether written  visual or poetic epics  generally try to avoid too may characters readers and viewers  after all  can be too easily overwhelmed by trying to keep track of who exactly is who . this is especially true in film  i think  simply because we cannot easily go back to refresh our memory in a cinema . viewers like myself  however  don  t have that problem because we see all our films on dvd or vhs .  br    br   a year ago i was introduced to audrey tautou  a french actress  whom i first saw in the fabulous destiny of amelie poulain       and later in a very long engagement        both of which were finely crafted and complex stories with a large cast of characters . this earlier offering exceeds the others in both ways more characters and more complexity .  br    br   now  other directors have used those techniques before robert altman with the player        short cuts        gosford park       and others paul thomas anderson did the same with magnolia       . stanley kramer did it with a mad  mad  mad  mad world in      a comedy of almost epic proportions . the difference with this film is  first the director lets us  see  inside the head of some of the characters and second  some scenes are repeated as means to refresh the viewer  s memory as the story flip  flops between different time periods .  br    br   the basic  the core  so to speak  story concerns a young woman  irene  tautou  who is told  by a fellow commuter on a train  that she will meet her true love on that day . this occurs in the first few minutes of the film . the clever irony at this point is that irene doesn  t realize that the young man opposite  gilbert robin  may be that  one true love  . and  nor does he . . .  br    br   they go their separate ways with neither realizing the potential significance of their close encounter . however  chaos results throughout the rest of the day  not only for the two young people  but for the rest of the characters who appear in a series of cleverly constructed and interwoven vignettes that all seem to be going nowhere  and yet . . .  br    br   if the story were simply that  it could tend to be boring  and even quite predictable . not so . the script and the director rip into our expectations with a host of innovative scenes that are all too commonplace  but which are turned into believable  extraordinary events that allow the two possible lovers to meet again . for example  the next time some bird poo from the sky drops onto a book or paper of yours  consider your alternatives two characters make an obvious choice that must occur before irene and her man of destiny meet again . or what about a stone chip flying onto your windscreen  consider again what would happen . . .  br    br   all of that is interesting enough . what was more interesting for me was assessing each new man who came along and trying to decide whether this guy was the one for irene  or whether it was  in fact  the young man on the train . that kept me guessing for a while .  br    br   i  ll let you think about that  should you see this delightful romp .  br    br   recommended for all .  
this entire movie is worth watching just for the magnificent final moment  its the best ending of any movie i  ve ever seen . perfect  beautiful  funny  simply wonderful .  br    br   i found this movie delightful  even with it  s french taking  itself  too  seriously deep meanings thing going on . i loved it  it  s a great love story . and i loved the way algerians were woven in  and by the way  the music during the final credits is great . i want the cd   
this whimsical film had the misfortune of being released at the same time of the highly popular  amelie   both having the wonderful audrey tautou playing the central role . laurent firode  the talented director made one of the most enjoyable films that have come out of france in recent memory .  br    br   the film deals with chance  as its english title indicates . the french title makes reference at how butterflies wings can create chaos over the atlantic as they fly  as well as hurricanes in the pacific  something not to be believed just by looking at these colorful insects . from the start  the director interlaces all the characters one sees in the film and how each has a connection to the other  something that is hard to imagine  but in the film  s context seems to work well .  br    br   a chance meeting at the metro sets the tone for the film . irene  who is going to work  is asked by the woman sitting opposite her to tell her what her zodiac sign is and proceeds to read from her paper . irene  it seems will cross paths and will find her soul mate that same day . after irene leaves the train  the quiet young man seated next to the woman tells her he has the same birth date as irene . it seems they are destined to one another from the start  but alas  they will not reconnect until the last frame of the film .  br    br   audrey tautou is wonderful as irene . faudel  who plays younes  doesn  t have a lot to do until the end  but he shows he has a presence and plays well his part . the talented young cast makes a valuable contribution to the success of the film  which is as light as butterfly wings .  br    br   we look forward to future films by laurent firode because he appears to be a director with the heart in the right place and an ear to the way humans are connected .  
to me  this review may contain spoilers  but i like watching movies with no idea of what is going to happen  so therefore i think many of the other reviews here of this movie contain spoilers   br    br   i just watched this movie again  and i must reiterate that it has the best ending to any movie . ever . ever . ever . the real translation   the beating of the butterfly  s wings   is oddly not used as the translated title . i suppose they thought most americans wouldn  t know what chaos theory is  except for those who saw or read  jurassic park   . the movie is based on chaos theory  and how one small event can affect the outcome of seemingly unrelated events  which all lead back to one event . the movie is a whirlwind of wondrous cause and effect  as we follow the chain of chaos as it intertwines between several characters  about     . in a way  the ending seems inevitable despite this  but if you think about it  it is a perfect ending . think to yourself   what else needed to be said   it is at the same time a very brave ending . too bad we have to go overseas for a gem like this one  but an ending like this would never come out of hollywood .  br    br    
most people who chase after movies featuring audrey tautou seem to not understand that amelie was a character  it is not really audrey tautou  s real life personality  hence  every movie she partakes in is not going to be amelie part   part   etc .  br    br   now with that said  i too picked up this movie simply because audrey was in it . yes  it  s true  there is a big gap after the first scene where she isn  t seen at all for maybe   min  but i didn  t even miss her because i was having so much fun with the other characters . the guy who lies about everything is too funny  the guy who justifies people who run out of his cafe and skip out on the bill by finding coupons and such which balance out the loss  actually . . . . getting into all the characters here could take quite a while  but this is one of the best movies i  ve seen in a while .  br    br   audrey tautou  s character irene is not the overdone sugary girl that amelie was . in fact  as irene  her rudeness to a bum asking for change caught me off guard at first . in this film  irene is a girl with good intentions  but over the course of a  very awful  day  her disposition becomes more and more sour and pessimistic .  br    br   what makes this film completely great is you have all these really interesting stories and plots building . . . very entertaining to watch  great scenery and shots  very colorful and never too slow  and all of the characters can actually act . the best part of the movie comes with about   minutes left . . . . this is when all of the plots start to mesh together and the ride really picks up and everything ties together and makes sense  and the whole butterfly effect blossoms . i swear  it was the best   minutes of film i  ve seen in quite a while  and the ending . . . . it made me think  damn i really lucked out finding this movie  . the ending to this movie is top notch . whoever wrote the script for this is brilliant  because not only are there all these other subplots going on  but to somehow make them all tie in together  and in a sensible manner  which is the case here  but also to make each character feel human and come alive  not just some stale persona used as a crutch to build up this whole butterfly effect . . . very impressive .  br    br   i highly suggest this movie as it  s a great film to watch anytime  in any mood  with any company or alone .  
the mystery here is why this delightful  small comedy has been ignored by most critics and has failed to find the audience it deserves . simply showcasing the budding talent of audrey tautou should be enough to generate greater recognition from the cognoscenti .  br    br   lacking in pretension and relying on quirky characterizations  its rumination on the interconnection of human behavior manages to be both amusing and life affirming and  unlike some of its more critically acclaimed competition in the genre  such as the taste of others  it actually entertains .  
the fluttering of butterfly wings in the atlantic can unleash a hurricane in the pacific . according to this theory  somehow related to the chaos theory  i  m not sure exactly how   every action  no matter how small or insignificant  will start a chain reaction that can lead to big events . this small jewel of a film shows us a series of seemingly  unrelated characters  most of them in paris  whose actions will affect each others  lives .  the six  degrees  of  separation theory can be applied as well .  each story is a facet of the jewel that is this film . the acting is finely  tuned and nuanced  audrey tautou is luminous   the stories mesh plausibly  the humor is just right  and the viewer leaves the theatre nodding in agreement .  
we have to remember that the    s were practically a blank slate when it came to movies . hollywood was in transition from patriotic war movies  noir  two reel oaters  etc to movies with a message . we had blackboard jungle  on the waterfront and so on . some folks might think that was an improvement . i don  t . who was the mogul who said if you want to send a message  call western union  he was right . these psychological thrillers are less entertainment than some kind of remote therapy .  br    br   this one is a pip . it  s about three sisters trying to wrest control of their dead father  s estate . one of them  maybe the only one worth redemption enlists the aid of the company pilot to help her keep the rest of the family at bay . he  s initially in it for the bucks  but eventually falls for her . meanwhile the rest of the family schemes to sabotage the romance . the results are predictable . you get a little bit of everything in this movie . sexual tension between the sisters . a little subtle masochism . hereditary insanity  if there is such a thing . we never get to meet the parents  but they must really have been screwed up the cast is practically unknown . one or two of the actors sound vaguely familiar . the acting is so bad it  s hard to believe . it was released under the united artists umbrella by a company called bel  air productions . it was shot in and around la mostly at night and probably without permits . the end was so bizarre that i thought it was a joke . it was as if they ran out of money and the producer decided to wrap it up in the middle of a scene .  br    br   i can  t explain it  not even to myself  but i gave this pile of trash an     . i  m familiar with the term  it  s so bad it  s good   but i don  t think i ever ran into the phenomenon before . well  maybe  hot rods to hell   but this one certainly fits . you might want to try this if you love movies that seem like they were made in somebody  s basement .  
when a rich tycoon is killed in a plane crash  his spinster twin sister  martha craig  madge kennedy   doesn  t believe he grabbed the controls in a suicide dive  even though self  snuff runs in the family  but his three beautiful daughters couldn  t care less . the pilot  jim norton  john bromfield   goes to work for valerie craig  kathleen hughes  who soon coerces him into helping her wrest control of the estate from her troubled sister  lorna  sara shane  and the family lawyer  jess barker  . valerie wants norton to seduce lorna when he  s not fending off the advances of another sister  the nymphet vicki  marla english   but her plans are thrown into a tailspin when norton falls for his prey . all bets are off as a world of woe  including corporate chicanery  seductions  suicides  blackmail  a murder plot  the mann act  double  crosses  disfigurement  and poetic justice  befall  craig manor   an imposing mansion on a bluff overlooking the sea . . .  br    br   this preposterous potboiler would have made a perfect second feature for written on the wind  also from     . douglas sirk  s saga of a powerful  and powerfully dysfunctional  oil clan was said to have inspired the     s night  time tv serial dallas but the craig  s low  brow excursion into insanity seems right out of it  s sinful sister  soap  dynasty . all three siblings  only one of whom is really bad  are great beauties but it  s kathleen hughes  cartoon villainy that stands out . valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the movie  s many guilty pleasures . teenage sister vicki is quite a piece of work as well  reminiscent of carmen sternwood in the big sleep . when they first meet  she pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on norton  s lap while he  s still standing by coming on to him with the line  i graduated summa cum laude from embrace  able u .  whew   br    br   three bad sisters  produced by schlockmeister howard w . koch  is a terrific trash  wallow in exploitation excess and the cast is b  movie heaven marla  she creature  english    s hunk john  revenge of the creature  bromfield  once married to french sexpot corinne calvet   universal starlet sara shane  discovered by hedy lamarr   jess  mr . susan hayward  barker  kathleen  it came from outer space  hughes  and former silent screen star madge kennedy give it all they  ve got  however much or little that is . future eurotrash star brett halsey  trumpet of the apocalypse  is seen briefly as one of vicki  s victims .  br    br   b  movie rating      marla  and her body english  made marvelous movies  three bad sisters was recently seen on the big screen as part of the palm springs film noir festival but the jury  s still wiping soap suds out of . . . aw hell  it  s noir      on the noirometer  .  
the first and second seasons started off shakily  with good episodes sandwiched in between average ones  and at times resorting to clichd stories . but once it started to set up the universe in which it exists and started to develop it  s characters more  it became a lot more fun and entertaining .  br    br   the main reason this show succeeds it because of four men richard dean anderson  peter deluise  joseph malozzie and paul mullie . richard  s dry sense of humour makes to show so much better  peter  s directing is excellent and makes any episode so much more entertaining  and joe  paul never fail to make a funny  interesting episode together .  br    br   once you understand what the show is about and get to know the characters  i doubt you won  t like the show . for those getting into the show i suggest the episodes  the other side   a good serious episode  and  window of opportunity   a classic comic relief episode .  
that hilarious line is typical of what these naughty sisters say .  it  s funny on its own terms and pretty funny unintentionally  too .  only two of the sisters are really bad . boy  are they bad  too  one is given to pinup poses and salacious comments where e  er she goes . the other is got up to look like marilyn monroe . she has those sensual  slightly parted lips . and  not to give anything away  she is even more bad than the other .  br    br   all three sisters are played by starlets . the man who stumbles into their lives is played by john bromfield . he had something of a career .  br    br   this looks today like possibly the first mainstream soft  core porn ever marketed . well  of course not the first but the raciest at that time .  br    br   the girls wear as little as possible and let  s not forget about the female audience members bromfield is shown shaving with an electric razor   whose fetish was this    bare  chested . he also is shown sopping wet in a swimsuit .  br    br   there  s a real plot here  too the girls  family  see  is cursed . they are prone to suicide   or dramatic deaths that can be made to seem like suicide .  br    br   the movie is not bad . i truly don  t know where it was shown . maybe it was made for drive  ins . somehow  and i could be wrong  i felt that the typical male audience was not the primary target here . the women are scantily dressed . they often resemble lurid covers of mags like police detective or jackets of dime novels .  br    br   but the guy seems to be the central focus . not everyone in the movie likes him  but all the girls love him . and i think the audience is meant to also .  br    br   it  s lots of fun   and on its own terms  too .  
faith and mortality . . . viewed through the lens of an elderly ashkenazi jewish  american gentleman and a younger  african  american jewish gentleman who waver between being at odds with each other and having frank talks about how their lives have unfolded over the years . .  br    br   mostel  s character is a tailor with chronic back problems  and a terminally ill wife belafonte  s character is a career hustler  never settling on a regular job  and a fatal car accident leaves him in an odd purgatory   he must convince mostel to renew his faith  as it has been failing along with his wife  s health  and his own  . . but belafonte  s levine has his own problems  still pining for the girlfriend he left behind . .  br    br   belafonte  s character leaves the film before he seemingly should  and so the the ending is cryptic  and the film suffers somewhat from its ambiguous ending . .  br    br   this is not a  typical  hollywood movie on ethnic relations or about a person  s crisis of faith . . it is worth watching more than once and appreciating the excellent performances of the principal actors . .  
the unlikely duo of zero mostel and harry belafonte team up to give us some interesting performances and subject matter in the angel levine . it  s one interesting twist on the themes from it  s a wonderful life .  br    br   zero is married to ida kaminsky and the two of them belong to a special class of elderly jewish poor in new york . mostel used to be a tailor and proud of his trade  but his back and arthritis have prevented him from working . kaminsky is mostly bedridden . he  s reduced to applying for welfare . in desperation like jimmy stewart  he cries out to god for some help .  br    br   now maybe if he had gotten someone like henry travers things might have worked out differently  but even stewart had trouble accepting travers . but travers had one thing going for him  he was over    years off this mortal coil and all his ties to earthly things were gone . god sent mostel something quite different  the recently deceased harry belafonte who should have at least been given some basic training for angels before being given an assignment .  br    br   belafonte hasn  t accepted he  s moved on from life  he  s still got a lot of issues . he also has a wife  gloria foster  who doesn  t know he  s passed on  hit by a car right at the beginning of the film . you put his issues and mostel  s issues and you  ve got a good conflict  starting with the fact that mostel can  t believe in a black jew named levine .  br    br   this was the farewell performance for polish  jewish actress ida kaminsky who got a nomination for best actress in the shop on main street a few years back . the other prominent role here is that of irish actor milo o  shea playing a nice jewish doctor . remembering o  shea  s brogue from the verdict  i was really surprised to see and hear him carry off the part of the doctor .  br    br   the angel levine raises some interesting and disturbing questions about faith and race in this society . it  s brought to you by a stellar cast and of course created by acclaimed writer bernard malamud . make sure to catch it when broadcast .  
some spoilers  br    br   i was pleasantly surprised to find the harsh criticisms  acting  dated dialogue  unclear storyline  unfounded . belafonte is great as a brandoesque  menacing  swearing spirit who must earn his wings but is realistically ill  equipped from his past life to do so . he learns too late how empty his hustling  materialistic life was without love . mostel is likewise great as an anguished man with his dying wife fanny . in spite of his prayers for a miracle  his bitterness prevents him from accepting  or believing  in one . the two social worlds the characters represent alternately collide and complement the other  the result being hilarious and touchingly sad .  br    br   the perplexing ending is actually quite consistent with the rest of the film . after looking everywhere for belafonte  mostel looks up to see a falling feather  and he frantically reaches for it as if he  s finally willing to believe in angels and miracles . but belafonte wasn  t allowed to finish his miracle  either to restore fanny  s health or mostel  s faith   so he never got his wings . the feather floats tauntingly out of mostel  s grasp  a metaphor for both men  s live it  s too late and you don  t get a second chance . like  it  s a wonderful life   this movie is magical  wonderful  funny  but terribly tragic .  
 . . . and i do mean it . if not literally  after all  i have not seen every movie ever created    at least  obviously  among the ones  the many i know .  br    br    .     the rule of thumb with imdb is this sometimes movies rated very highly  for example  the piece of kannes  kompetition  krowned  korean  kraap called  oldboy   can be truly bad . but rarely a movie worth watching is actually rated under  . this movie  very much worth watching  is . a disgrace .  br    br   true  i give it a   in protest . the movie is not perfect . its true rating should be an  or a  . it has some acting flaws  belafonte especially   the script wanders around  sometimes . however  what we have here is one of the greatest directors of all times  the czech jan kadar  directing two of the greatest actors of all time  the beloved  larger  than  life zero mostel and the sublime ida kaminska in an acting  poetic  moral tour de force . a pair made in heaven  it  s true that this movie  little flaws apart  does not pander to the average audiences  but those interested in watching an excellent  while  again  not beyond criticism  movie of the incomparable director who gave us  the shop on the main street   the best movie ever about holocaust  should not miss this just because some silly imdb rating system decides that  american beauty  is better than  the angel levine  .  br    br   it isn  t .  
i got a good laugh reading all the idiotic comments for this film   br    br   as it  s obvious that those people who criticized the movie never seen it  or were stupid enough to pay to see it .  br    br   the best reason to watch was on the elvira show a few years back . elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can .  br    br   it  s an ok monster flick  compared to the hundreds of horrendous american flicks made . way better      
i was around  when i saw this movie first . it wasn  t so special then  but a few years later i saw it again and that time it made fun  a lot   br    br   i think the best parts of the film are yeti  s body language and the  special effects  also .  br    br   if you wanna watch this movie  don  t wait for a hollywood made blockbuster  even this film was made from approx .     dollars    br    br   i  ve a copy of it . movie and video version as well  but i don  t think it had been ever shown in cinemas   br    br   watch it  enjoy it    yeti for ever     
most yeti pictures are fatally undermined by a grave paucity of energy and enthusiasm . not so this gloriously bent  batty and berserk over  the  top italian  made shot  in  canada kitsch gut  buster it  s a wildly ripe and vigorously moronic ghastly marvel which reaches a stunning apotheosis of righteously over  baked  what the hell  s going on   crackpot excess and inanity .  br    br   a freighter ship crew discovers the body of a    foot yeti that resembles a hirsute    s disco stud  complete with jumbo wavy afro  perfectly preserved in a large chunk of ice . they dethaw the beast  jolt him back to life with electric charges  grossly mistreat him  and keep the poor hairy goliath in an enormous glass booth . before you can say  hey  the filmmakers are obviously ripping off  king kong    our titanic abominable snowdude breaks free of his cage  grabs the first luscious nubile blonde euro vixen  the gorgeous pheonix grant  he lays lustful eyes on  and storms away with his new lady love . the yeti gets recaptured and flown to toronto to be showed off to a gawking audience . of course  he breaks free again  nabs the vixen  and goes on the expected stomping around the city rampage .  br    br   the sublimely stupid dialogue  sample line  philosophy has no place in science  professor    cheesy  far from  special effects  the horrendous transparent blue screen work and cruddy tonka toy miniatures are especially uproarious in their very jaw  dropping awfulness   clunky  mis  direction  and a heavy  handed script that even attempts a clumsily sincere  is the yeti a man or a beast   ethical debate all combine together to create one of the single most delightfully ridiculous giant monster flicks to ever roar its absurd way across the big screen . better still  we also have a few funky offbeat touches to add extra shoddy spice to the already succulently schlocky cinematic brew the vixen accidentally brushes against one of the yeti  s nipples  which causes it to harden and elicits a big  leering grin of approval from the lecherous behemoth     the vixen nurses the yeti  s wounded hand while he makes goo  goo eyes at her  the yeti smashes windows with his feet while climbing a towering office building  and the furry fellow even breaks a man  s neck with his toes     . overall  this singularly screwball and shamefully unheralded should  be camp classic stands tall as a remarkable monolith of infectiously asinine celluloid lunacy that  s eminently worthy of a substantial hardcore underground cult following .  
being a giant monster fan  me seeing  yeti  was an absolute must  especially after hearing so much about it . thanks to the good  ol bootleg market i was able to find a copy pretty easily  and was happily surprised upon watching that this flick was actually  dare i say  decent .  br    br   decent for what it is  actually  namely a cheesy giant  monster flick . it kicks in pretty quickly as yeti is found pretty much immediately  and we get introduced to various characters . they consist of some sleazy ones  some good ones  and a girl who is pretty much one of the most downright strikingly beautiful girls in any cheesy sci  fi film  by far .  br    br   yeti looks like a long  haired guy straight out of the original woodstock concert  and really  he  s not that bad of a dude  especially after being introduced to the world in some kind of funky cage  like thing . godzilla he is not  despite his rude awakening  he doesn  t even rampage  actually he rarely destroys anything in the whole picture   but kinda just looks puzzled while trying to figure things out . yeti seems to understand english pretty nicely  my copy was dubbed in english  and he knows who the good guys and bad guys are .  br    br   however  we want to see the giant yeti do his thing  and he  s pretty much in the whole movie  and in typical low  budget fashion  he seems to change size a lot depending on the scene and there  s even a bunch of the  fake legs  shots of him just standing there .  br    br   yes  the special effects aren  t the greatest  but there are definitely some good ones here . a scene where yeti smashes through a warehouse is done very well  and in another  he uses the windows of a building as  ladder steps  to climb down from the top of it  shattering each window with his foot and often shocking the occupants inside  in one sequence that really looks much  much better than it should in such a  bad  movie .  br    br    yeti  never stoops as low as say   a . p . e .  does . actually the only time it even comes close to genuine silliness is when the beautiful girl causes yeti  s nipple to become erect and he lifts his eyebrow in an  oh yeah baby  manner . but even this isn  t that bad  and kinda even gets a laugh out of the viewer .  br    br   the movie is pretty long for this kind of thing  but surprisingly enough it doesn  t get boring  the story is actually good  and just watching this utterly gorgeous actress on screen will make any male viewer happy .  br    br    yeti  may not be in the upper echelon of giant monster flicks  but it is definitely better than other king kong    rip  offs like  a . p . e .  and  queen kong  by very far .  
yeti deserves the  star rating because it is the one of the greatest bad movies ever made . i saw it at a midnight screening in l . a . and people were roaring and cheering at the insanity  this movie is one of those cinematic trainwrecks where you think it cant get any stranger and then it does  the millionaire who funds the project to thaw the yeti looks like chris penn and john goodman both poured into an ill  fitting suit  the guy playing the scientist is one of the worst actors to ever appear on screen  and yes  there is a mute boy  who sorta kinda looks like a girl  and he  s mute ever since he survived a plane crash that killed both his parents  hmmm  maybe therapy for the kid    . then this hottie italian girl is seen by yeti  once he thaws  which takes forever    and he is instantly in love with her  what is one of the most hysterical things about the movie is that this giant yeti makes  bedroom eyes  at her  it  s like a large barry white trying to seduce a groupie . in fact  once the large yeti picks up the hottie and has her against his chest  she accidentally touches the yeti  s nipple and yes  the film takes the time to show his large grey nipple get hard     yikes of all yikes  plus there  s a collie dog in it because the italian producer must have heard that american audiences like dogs and he sorta kinda tried to get a lassie  there  s also this insane scene where the yeti eats a giant fish  keeps the large fishbone and uses it to comb the italian girl  s hair  gee  thanks yeti  now my hair is smooth and smells like dead trout . you  re the best .  this film is more bizarre than something ed wood could have ever dreamt up . if you are a fan of classic cinema crap  seek this baby out .  
stargate is the best show ever . all the actors are absolutely perfect for there roles . i love the connection between the characters . if you have not seen this show i very highly recommend it . although this program is compared to star trek a lot of the time it actually can  t be because it is completely different . i am a star trek fan but i would definitely rate this show well above any of the star treks . unfortunately i live in new zealand and we do not get stargate on our tv so if i want to see it i have to buy the dvds and season   is not out here yet so i can not see it for quite some time  which is highly depressing  . however this program is very very good and is a must see  but be warned it is highly addictive . so in summery i love stargate  and amanda tapping  .  
people forget that there have been several king kong ripoffs  congo  king kong vs . godzilla  king kong        they all ripoff one another  but yeti stands on its own . it only borrows one element from king kong and that is the animal  s attraction with one female .  br    br   the yeti myth is based on bigfoot  not like king kong  and archeologists have been fascinated it  at one time they did exist  but there is no scientific data to prove it .  br    br   this movie is hard to find  but its worth watching it . the first time i watched it was on  elvira  s mistress of the dark shows  in the early      s . it sent chills down my spine as a kid  especially when the yeti got mad . i saw it again  around     am on abc about  to  yrs ago . seeing it again made me appreciate it more  it has some overall good effects  for its time  and the story involves a mute boy and his dog  and an evil businessman person who wants to kill the yeti for his own purposes . also the music is pretty cool  its very yeti like .     br    br   gianfranco parolini and the yetians creates a great monster like atmosphere .  br    br   vote  and half out of   .  
here  s another movie that should be loaded into a satellite  fired into space and pointed in the direction of the galaxy andromeda to show distant possible civilizations the best of humanity . this movie is so endearingly stupid and revealingly honest in being little more than a rip  off of the already bad movie classic king kong from     that it not only manages to upstage that film in terms of sheer belly laugh idiotic goofiness  but successfully predicted much of peter jackson  s miserable     computer cartoon bearing the same name  as far as a  romance  between the giant  here a yeti  and a gorgeous human female  antonellina interlenghi of umberto lenzi  s city of the living dead  who is very easy on the eyes  .  br    br   the film was made for kids so aside from some innuendo over fish bones and a bizarre nipple tweak to say goodbye you can forget about sex   the yeti even has a sort of giant jock strap to cover up his monstrous package  the result being even more amusing than anatomical correctness . but as a trade  off you do get a wacky old scientist  two inquisitive kids  tony kendall in a rare turn as a duplicitous bastard of a villain  a helpful intelligent collie dog who gets to have her own adventure  dog adventure movies were big in europe for a while  and of course emerges as the hero at the end for saving the yeti  who turns out to be the good guy  glorious stuff like front end loaders decorated to look like giant ape hands  a monster who  s size literally changes scale from shot to shot  some inappropriately horrible deaths that will make the carnage in godzilla vs the smog monster look tame by comparison  crowd reaction shots a  plenty made up of either spanish  italian or canadian extras depending upon scene  you can sort of tell where they were shooting from how the extras are dressed   and some of the most enthusiastically staged but inept special effects work ever in a giant monkey movie .  br    br   it  s here that the film won me over it  s enthusiasm just for being made . frank kramer is actually the same gianfranco parolini who brought the world sartana in     and god  s gun the year before this  was a very important director in the spaghetti western and action  adventure genre film scene from the      s       s and by the time of yeti he was probably delighted to get the work . i would say that this is his most adventuresome movie ever  or rather the one he took the most chances with  and may have felt more comfortable taking those chances with the film aimed at kids  families . the movie has a kind of reckless abandon to the way it was made that renders the technical errors or inconsistencies totally meaningless . or rather they are part of the fun  and if the movie had been played seriously it wouldn  t have worked   which is exactly why peter jackson  s movie sucked .  br    br   he forgot to have fun with the material and let it dictate the outcome using his army of stupid power macintosh pod people animators  and with all it  s faults  clunkiness  kramer  s yeti is actually closer to the spirit of why we watch movies like this  which is partly to see actors in ape suits tearing apart miniature sets on sound stages  not seamlessly animated vapid hours of nothing other than hard drive space . i  d rank this up there with king kong versus godzilla and it  curse of the great golem as one of the most enjoyably improbable giant rampaging monster movies ever . because the movie looks so  fake  you can get over the story and just have fun watching stuff get wrecked  trampled  tossed about and smashed . knowing that and armed with a fertile  energetic enthusiasm for having the chance to make the movie  parolini pulled out all the stops and delivers a full bodied adventure that might get a bit rough for some of the small tykes but is the first movie i will ever share with the grandkids someday when their stupid parents leave them with me for a weekend . this is stuff for the ages and one of the most telling expressions of humanity to ever be committed to celluloid .  br    br         it  s about ten minutes too long but who cares  you only come around once and i  d rather go out with a smile on my face .  
having seen most of ringo lam  s films  i can say that this is his best film to date  and the most unusual . it  s a ancient china period piece cranked full of kick  ass martial arts  where the location of an underground lair full of traps and dungeons plays as big a part as any of the characters . the action is fantastic  the story is tense and entertaining  and the set design is truely memorable . sadly  burning paradise has not been made available on dvd and vhs is next  to  impossible to get your mitts on  even if you near the second biggest china  town in north america  like i do  . if you can find it  don  t pass it up .  
i have always been keen on watching hong kong movies  but all of them failed to meet my expectations . . . until now  burning paradise doesn  t contain the flat humor most hk movies have  nor a second rate story line that has been dragged into the film . the story is not complex  but there are never scenes that are just there to fill some  intelligent  space  the only truely intelligent martial arts film i have seen is crouching tiger  but since hollywood is involved it is no true hk movie for me  . there are some incredible fight scenes in this movie  from the first one  which is one of the coolest i have ever seen  yet so short  to the last main scenes  but mind  there  s also a lot of blood that flows  people cut in half  decapitated  etc  . the production is pretty good and the special effects show that the fantasy of the writer can be fulfilled even though some shots must be pretty technical  notice the sheet of paper that he throws and got pinned into a wall   . yep  it  s not tsui hark or john woo that made my favorite hong kong film  it  s ringo lam  and i  m sure as hell going to check out more from this director  ace .  
  br    br    burning paradise  is a combination of neo  shaw brothers action and ringo lam  s urban cynicism . when one watches the film  they might feel the fight scenes are only mediocre in nature but that doesn  t matter  it  s attitude and atmosphere that counts . this great film has both   always trying to be different than his contemporaries  lam gives us to traditional heroes  fong sai  yuk and hung shi  kwan  and puts them in a  raiders of the lost ark  setting . however  these are not the light  hearted comedic incarnations that you might see in a jet li movie . instead these guys fight to the death with brutal results . what makes the film even better is that anyone could die at anytime  there is no holding back . too bad  they don  t make films like this more often .  
an unusual film from ringo lam and one that  s strangely under  appreciated . the mix of fantasy kung  fu with a more realistic depiction of swords and spears being driven thru bodies is startling especially during the first ten minutes . a horseback rider get chopped in two and his waist and legs keep riding the horse . several horses get chopped up . it  s very unexpected .  br    br   the story is very simple  fong and his shaolin brothers are captured by a crazed maniac general and imprisoned in the red lotus temple which seems to be more of a torture chamber then a temple . the general has a similarity to kurtz in apocalypse now as he spouts warped philosophy and makes frightening paintings with human blood .  br    br   the production is very impressive and the setting is bleak . blood is everywhere . the action is very well done and mostly coherent unlike many hk action scenes from the time . sometimes the movie veers into absurdity or the effects are cheesy but it  s never bad enough to ruin the film .  br    br   find this one  it  s one of the best hk kung fu films from the early nineties . just remember it  s not child friendly .  
hello dave burning paradise is a film for anyone who likes jackie chan and indiana jones . the films main protagonist is most definitely the bastard son of these two strange fathers . as for the other characters well they are familiar transformations of similar action film stereotypes . where this film is original is in the blending of the traditional hong kong movie style with the hollywood action adventure . sadly this has not been true of the films he has made in hollywood .  
this is one of the finest films to come out of hong kong  s  new wave  that began with tsui hark  s  zu warriors of magic mountain  . tsui set a tone for the new wave  s approach to the martial arts film that pretty much all the directors of the new wave  jackie chan  sammo hung  wong jing  ching siu tung  etc .  accepted from then on as a given namely  the approach to such films thenceforth would need more than a touch of irony  if not outright comedy .  burning paradise  put a stop to all that  and with a vengeance .  br    br   it  s not that there isn  t humor here but it is a purely human humor  as with the aged buddhist priest at the beginning who somehow manages a quick feel of the nubile young prostitute while hiding in a bundle of straw . but this is just as humans are  not even buddhist priests can be saints all the time .  br    br   when irony is at last introduced into the film  it is the nastiest possible  emanating from the  abbot  of red lotus temple  who is a study in pure nihilism such as has never been recorded on film before . he is the very incarnation of milton  s satan from  paradise lost    better to rule in hell than serve in heaven   and if he can  t get to satan  s hell soon enough  he  ll turn the world around him into a living hell he can rule .  br    br   that  s the motif underscoring the brutal violence of much of the imagery here it  s not that the abbot just wants to kill people he wants them to despair  to feel utterly hopeless  to accept his nihilism as all  encompassing reality . thus there  s a definite sense pervading the red temple scenes that there just might not be any other reality outside of the temple itself  it has become all there is to the universe  and the abbot  claiming mastery of infinite power  is in charge .  br    br   of course  fortunately  the film doesn  t end there . though there are losses  the human will to be just ordinarily human at last prevails .  if you want to know how  see the film   yet there is no doubt that  in viewing this film  we visit hell . hopefully  we do not witness our own afterlives but we certainly feel chastened by the experience  and somehow better for it over all .  
people expect no less than brilliant when steven spielberg directs a movie  and this movie is no exception . some movies i love did poorly at the box office but  i  m glad to say  this movie isn  t one of them  over nine million dollars  which i don  t think was bad for back then  . the characters were fun  the animation was clear and not fuzzy  and the music was modern  too  which is unusual for an animated movie . i didn  t think professor screw eyes or his  scary cirus  was too scary for little kids  the targeted audience for this movie   but i thought what happened to the creepy professor at the end was a little too dark for a kids  movie . overall  this movie is a fun and enchanting classic that i have loved dearly for years .  
i disagree with anyone who done  t like this movie .  br    br   i used to love this movie when i was little and i still do . it  s sweet  funny and warms your heart . and it proves that love and friendship can never be destroyed .  br    br   and even though it didn  t have much of a story  it was still excellent i give it a   and two thumbs up .  br    br   oh yeah and it proves that your deepest wish  s and dreams can come true .  tear  tear   br    br   i love this movie  personally if anyone says it sucked than i will say  shame on you .  because it was a delightful little movie and i  m glad that at least some people liked it .  
this show has been my escape from reality for the past ten years . i will sadly miss it . although atlantis has filled the hole a small bit .  br    br   the last ever episode of sg   on television anyway  was beautifully done . robert wrote something that felt close to reality . as though he was trying to explain what it was like on the set of the show .  everyone working closely together for such a long time there are bound to up  s and downs . but over the years they  ve turned into a family  . i thought this was a wonderful way to end despite anyone else  s criticisms .  br    br   sg  was something special and time and time again it took me across thresholds of disbelief and amazement . the wonderful characters  stories  directors  writers . from episode one i was hooked . the blend of action  science  drama and especially comedy worked so well that made me keep wanting more .  br    br   there are no real words in which to completely express what this show meant to me . i can only thank those who kept the show so fresh and entertaining for so many years . it has inspired me to do many things that i thought was impossible .  br    br   i look forward to the movies next year and i really hope there will be a number of them . i never want the show to die .  br    br   stargate sg              
genre dinosaur  animation  new york  time travel  circus .   br    br   main characters rex the tyrannosaurus rex  elsa the pterodactyl  dweeb the parasarolophus  ooo the triceratops  a boy called louis  a girl called cecilia and captain new  eyes .  actors john goodman  rex   yeardley smith  cecilia   martin short  stubbs the clown   felicity kendal  elsa  etc .   br    br   what happens four dinosaurs  see above  are fed some  brain grain cereal  and are now cuddly  friendly dinosaurs who are going to be nice to children . they go into new york  with big plans  br    br   my thoughts this is a cute animated film . the animation of the dinosaurs when they go cuddly and friendly is a bit floppy and not  so  good  but they look pleasant all the same that way . i like the dinosaurs when they are cuddly and friendly  they are nice  friendly and good . i like  almost  all the characters featured  especially elsa and cecilia  but of course i like the others as well . overall  i like this film a lot      br    br   recommended to people who like good children  s animated films  people who like dinosaurs  john goodman and people who think that circuses aren  t always what they seem enjoy      
i do try not to take imdb ratings to heart  but i was flabbergasted when i saw the  .  rating to one of my childhood favourites . it doesn  t wow me as much at    but as a family film this is a sweet and well meaning movie . kids will definitely love it and won  t mind the flaws  and the adults can guess the actor behind each character and admire the subliminal messaging of the film . none of the film was preachy in any way  in fact it has a great message that added to its sweetness . i will admit though that the story is on the thin side  and some scenes like screweyes  s death  which still freaks me out  may be a tad on the scary side . but the animation is well above average with nice colours and good character animation . the music by james horner is very beautiful  and the song featured is memorable  catchy and amusing . i really liked the characters  louie is probably the most in  depth of them all  but the dinosaurs were at least engaging . martin short  s clown was both hilarious and emphatic  the part when he tells screweyes  i quit   had me in stitches . my favourite is screweyes though  an effective villain who is crafty and i suppose intelligent . if anything though  i wish the film kept in the part when he explains how he lost his eye and why he is scared of crows because that way he could  ve been more developed in terms of depth . the script  while not oscar  worthy  has its funny and heart  warming parts  and should keep kids and adults entertained . the voice acting for me was what made the movie . john goodman  martin short  rhea perlman  felicity kendall and yeardley smith all gave solid performances  but special mention has to go to kenneth mars for he was absolutely superb as screweyes and almost unrecognisable . all in all  this is a good movie . i don  t get the rating  honestly i don  t . sure this film isn  t perfect  and it is not as good as a dinosaur movie such as land before time  but it is good fun .  .     bethany cox  
i saw this when it first came to video  my little sister got it as a gift and i was probably   at the time . . . what stood out for me was the lack of mid  movie conflict that so many movies have  where the main characters get mad at each other because when it comes time to explain themselves they just don  t say the one thing that you  re shouting at the screen that would make sense of the whole deal  that any person of reasonable intellect would know to say . this is what i like the most about the movie i guess  that the main characters don  t do mean things to each other halfway through . . . they don  t break up and make up  they just grow to like each other more as the movie goes on .  br    br   these two kids team up and though they seem at first to be from opposite sides of the track  they  re not that different . loui is actually just some middle class kid that needed to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family  and cecelia was an upper class kid that just needed to prove to her family that she existed and they would miss her if she was gone . anyway  i saw this movie posted on hulu and had to watch it again . . . sure there  s plot holes if you analyze the script and no  woog and dweeb shouldn  t be eating hot dogs since they would have been herbivores in reality .  br    br   now  what detracts from the film is it  s unexpected scariness . little kids under the age of  would probably be frightened by the scenes with dr . screweyes . and  the addition of him halfway through the movie  though it  s blatantly obvious in the first scene that he will make an appearance  is too abrupt . . . there should be a glimpse of him doing his show earlier in the movie  perhaps to show that it  s not that scary without the the dinosaurs . i guess it just lacked any real present danger for the entire first half of the movie  so that it lacks a little continuity when he appears for the second half .  br    br   considering the target audience  who i  m sure can overlook the not so mind blowing animation and dialog issues . . . i think i  ll give it a pass on those factors too  and just enjoy the story . it  s a great flick for kid and it does stick in your mind . . . makes you kinda think about how you treat people and it should be revisited every   years i think .  
its great i loved it ha cause i love dinosaurs they r the greatest animals but i loved the show cause it wasn  t copied from another show and it was a originals ha it has a good storyline and great for little kids  if they like dinosaurs that is  i have a few downs too its not all that great cause of the dinosaurs look a little mutated so i should have had but a  but right now is a little late for that yay  more lines to go it is great for a fantasy show though warning this might spoil a part for u so if u don  t want it to be spoiled don  t read on plz near the end is kinda weird cause all they need to do is get dang i forgot what it was so nvm guess its not a spoiler so never mind i loved it and its my opinion and sorry for any missed spelled words if any  
i wouldn  t call  we  re back  a dinosaur  s story  simply a kiddie version of  jurassic park  . i found it more interesting than that . like the former  it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours . but it really opens my eyes when i see who provided the voices john goodman  rhea perlman  jay leno  walter cronkite  julia child  kenneth mars  yeardley smith  martin short and larry king . to paraphrase that a given actor  the  cheers  woman  the  tonight show  host  the most trusted name in news  a famous chef  the  young frankenstein  police chief  lisa simpson  one of the three amigos and the cnn guy .  br    br   but i guess that i shouldn  t focus only on the cast . i thought that this movie had something for both children  purely fun  and adults  natural history  . true  it  s escapism  but the perceptive kind . i would actually say that john goodman doing rex  s voice here is sort of a precursor to his voice work in  monsters inc  . worth seeing .  
this was a personal favorite of mine when i was young  it had everything that was great with    s kids movies . . . lovable dinosaurs  cute kids  an eccentric villain  and a few great songs  and not the typical little mermaid  beauty and the beast type songs  but ones that are atually entertaining   i ran into this movie again recently and i still love it as much as ever  i recommend that everyone of every age should see this movie  and i definitely think that it should be introduced to the younger generations  sorry not the most informative  i  m in kinda a rush . . . just please  trust me . all who go against this movie are killing their inner child   
this movie has to be my favorite of all time . its not supposed to have a plot  because its makers wanted people  charlie sheen  i think  to believe it was a real snuff film . this was an exercise in visual effects  and doesn  t cut away when the action happens like every other film does . movies these days are now all about sound effects  leaving the visuals to be made by computers cause its easier to deal with cgi blood . there still are movie makers who still can  t get fake blood to look like the real thing . there is no rape scene because that wasn  t the point of making the film . have you seen the hills have eyes   the rape scene was funny instead of shocking . although i  m sure there are some gonzo porn film makers that have tried to marry porn with horror . but since they probably suck at making films  they probably wouldn  t be able to pull it off . the movie  baise moi  has a disturbing rape scene because the actresses are actually porn stars and they show everything even though the movie overall sucks .  br    br   its too bad that a movie can  t be made without thinking of the money aspect of it all  especially when talking about an ao or nc    rating . i  m sure eli roth has the ability  talent to make his hostel film series much much better  but he has too tame it down to get an r rating . . . or at least i hope that his movies sucked because of these limitations .  br    br   watch traces of death or more than smashed pumpkins if you want no frills real footage  accident  crime scenes  footage  . don  t forget that this movie was made in     . the fact that this film can still stand up against most crap made these days says a lot about this film . that would be like someone saying the  bit super mario brothers sucks because the ps  has better graphics .  
this movie is banned in just about every foreign country i can think of . the japanese people    who star in this must have been really desperate for a job  or we  re just friends . here  s the scoop  br    br   three thugs torture the hell out of a helpless woman  they use all kinds of things to eventually kill her  they burn her  kick her  spin here around in a chair  over    times    they use sound torture  by forcing her to listen to a static sound for over   hours  it don  t sound that bad at all  but it can make you go nuts  . they throw guts  probably from an animal  at her while shes knocked out  and she freaks when she wakes up . and who can forget the grande finale the greatest eyeball torture i have ever seen   br    br   if you have not heard of these films  and watch one without knowing that it is a simulated snuff film  you will think it is   just ask charlie sheen  this is guaranteed to freak people out and make some sick  like i said pure underground . check it out if you are a fan of underground horror  or foreign gore . if your not i highly recommend you read  up on the series before watching  from the gore  shock  and creativity aspect it gets a    but from the storyline and all that stuff it is a  . an underground classic . . .  br    br   my final rating is a      br    br    
i first heard of this movie after purchasing the     flick  snuff  . i was told that devil  s experiment was much better so naturally i went ahead and ordered the guinea pig box set . i was really interested to hear that charlie sheen had come out trying to ban either this movie or the second one  so my interest was peaked .  br    br   devil  s experiment is a short film with no story  no character development . just  men torturing a woman for about   minutes . they torture her in various ways like beating her  spinning her in circles over and over again then forcing her to drink alcohol  forcing her to listen to hi  pitched noise for   hours  smash her hand with a mallet  burning and putting maggots on the burns  throwing guts at her  and ultimately shoving a sharp needle through her eye .  br    br   i must say that a lot of this movie was fake  like the beating scenes . but then  some of it was actually well done as far as grossing you out . the scenes in which the woman is being spun around in circles was making me dizzy watching it . or the scene in which she is forced to listen to sharp noise for   hours is painful to think about . the worst is the eye scene . i didn  t shutter when watching it but simply thought  damn  that looks pretty good for such a low budget movie  . i did enjoy the flick but i don  t know if i can really recommend this unless you have seen most of what the horror genre has to offer .      
this is the first out of the guinea pig series  and is one of the more infamous films out of the collection .  br    br   it took me a long time to finally man up and get my hands on a copy of this notorious group of films . i bought the guinea pig box set and decided to watch the collection in order by release date . so i popped this sucker in and sat down .  br    br   from what i had read on the internet  and realizing the content involved in this film  i was expecting to test my nerves in full force . this ended up not being the case .  br    br   the film focuses on a group of men who kidnap a woman and begin torturing her with the hopes of discovering the human breaking point  and how long a human can tolerate pain .  br    br   sounds like one sick flick right  wrong . the film fails to shock . this may be because i have become desensitized over the years do to my obsession with horror  but i think it is safe to say that any true gorehound could sit through this with ease .  br    br   on the other hand an individual who does not have a well knowledge of this type of film will most likely be overwhelmed and disgusted by the images they see on the screen . though it failed to shock me the film contains some pretty mean spirited and graphic scenes of violence . including the ripping out of fingernails  intestines thrown at an unconscious woman  and a needle through the eye .  br    br   overall i think for majority of the gorehounds on this board that you should just get your hands on a copy of this film for the novelty of it  but i suggest that for any new comers to these type of films that you should work your way up to this one .  
i haven  t always been a fan  but the show grew on me . it wasn  t until after season  that i started to see the richness of the show . they finally brought daniel jackson  s search for his wife to an end and finally most of the go  ould system lords were killed by rival lords  sg   or others .  br    br   towards season   stargate sg    was beginning to become stale . with the new writers and the close attention by produer peter deleuise  the show became more and more solid .  br    br   the characters had become stale as well . colonel jack o  neill was the stereotypical hero with emotional baggage . after his son charlie was killed in a shooting accident with o  neill  s weapon  he had decided to end his own life by going to abydos in order to face off with the go  ould ra . the character offers little growth for any actor and actor richard dean anderson chose to play him straight raising emotional barriers to protect himself . only allowing his close friends in .  br    br   amanda tapping joined the cast as captain samantha carter . she was a feminist on the edge  ready to battle any man who would doubt her ability to do her job . though this character had little area to grow  tapping has done a great job of concentrating on carter  s strengths . she has taken the time to get a basic understanding of some of the things carter talks about in order that she can present the character intelligently .  br    br   christopher judge joined the cast playing the alien teal  c . teal  c was an alien called the jaffa . infant go  ould   snake like creatures  would embed themselves into the jaffa until they had grown to the point when it would be inserted into another life form . the jaffa would die . teal  c was the first prime of apophis  army . knowing that apophis was not a god like go  ould pretend  he realized the genocide that their armies had wreaked on the galaxy . finally  having had enough  he and jack o  neill freed their team along with quite a few innocent people . after arriving on earth  he realized that earth was the planet he was looking for  who would help him fight the go  ould . christopher judge has done quite a bit with a limited character . teal  c is a wise warrior  much of which he learned was from his teacher master bra  tac . the show would not be complete without master bra  tac played by tony amandola . he is also a rock . in the end  he became adviser to most of sg    especially daniel jackson .  br    br   don s . davil was there from the beginning playing major general george hammand . davis has done an incredible job with hammond making him sympathetic and normal . he does his job  has a wife  sons and daughters and grandchildren . you can really say  he is the anchor of the base . simply  i would die for that man . if not allowed by his superiors to provide troops to support teams off world . he will go himself . he doesn  t leave anyone behind .  br    br   i saved dr . daniel jackson for last  because this character  i believe has grown the most in the ten or eleven years it has been on . in choosing shanks i don  t think the producer realized how strong shanks would be and now when people talk about jackson  they don  t talk about spader  they talk about shanks . in the early years  the jackson character came off as a whiner . that  s why i probably wasn  t a fan . as the seasons pasted  the character became stronger . this gave him confidence . in the end  as of season    the jackson character has matured to the point that he has become a self sacrificing hero . he still monitors the groups ethics . he still is lead at providing information that can move any mission forward . acheaology  history  culture and exploration are part of his very being . he is determined . though a man of peace  he has matured to the point that using his weapons may be the only way to solve a disagreement .  br    br   other characters include  most recently vala mal doran  claudia black  and colonel cameron mitchell  ben browder   new lead of sg   . both actors come from a series called farscape and why they were put together is any bodies guess . i see little difference between mitchell and crichton  farscape character  . black  s character is simply off the wall . definitely different from her soldier like character arin soon .  
guinea pig the devil  s experiment is without a doubt  stars on first view  its a raw realistic creepy and disturbing look into the dark side of human nature . this movie gets right to the point  you may be thinking what point  the point is to satisfy fan  s of just extreme violence and gore . this movie has some gore  more or less just torturing a women violently . there are really only  scene  s that could be considered gore . i  ll tell you one thing though guinea pig the devil  s experiment makes hostile look like sesame street . if you thought hostile was a crazy brutal disturbing torture flick then you ain  t seen the half of it until you  ve seen guinea pig the devil  s experiment .  br    br   movie rating     gore      br    br   guinea pig the devil  s experiment  uncut       
i am surprised than many viewers hold more respect for the sequel to this brilliant movie . . . i have seen all the guinea pigs and this one is easily the best .  br    br   even though ive seen the  making of   i still have doubts when watching those   mins of pure torture  its that powerful .  br    br   a   out of   because this movie achieved perfectly what it set out to do  be the best fake snuff film ever made .  
after having watched  guinea pig   two questions come in mind  besides  am i really a psychopath to watch that      is it a snuff   the answer is no  although it  s the closest thing to a snuff movie i  ve ever seen . and then   where the hell have they found that girl   . because she gets tortured for    min  without any reasons given  in fact  there is nothing else in this movie    fingernails teared off  beaten with hands  feet  tools  infested by maggots  . . . and many more until the final scene  i  m still not sure how they did that  . because it belongs to the  japonese underground scene   it  s obvious she didn  t get a lot of money . so what were her  their  motivations   br    br   i saw it in japonese without subtitles  but it  s not a problem  no real dialogues  the boys are just insulting her in a few scenes  . i haven  t seen yet all the serial  but the first  guinea pig  is not known for being the best one . still i  ve rated   because if the purpose was making people believe this a snuff  the issue is quite good  ask charlie sheen  the actor  . but i think they could have gone further  which they did in the following ones .  br    br   another movie i  m hiding from my parents .  br    br        
this movie has no story . it  s only about a bunch of guys who tortures an innocent young girl to death .  br    br      spoilers     br    br   this is what they do they beat her  put her in a net and let her hang inside like birdfood  spin her around on a chair until she pukes  expose her to loud noise  pour boiling oil on her  put worms in her sores  crush her hand with a sledge  hammer and finally pokes a needle through her eye .  br    br   this movie was so realistic that if i didn  t know it was fake i would have thought it was a snuff  movie . although i was disgusted by this movie i really liked it . it scared me . i guess it fills some kind of purpose . i give it a      .  
i have seen the short movie a few years ago . after that i watch all sequels . the first one is really not the best  but it  s the most popular one . i  ve already watch the making of guinea pig  . it  s really great what these guys did . also the sequels are excellent in the special effects . take your chance to watch it   
this movie is the first of the six infamous guinea pig movies and is one of the best . at the same time  it looks realistic and unrealistic  just knowing that the movie is fake . the story is about a woman who got captured and is tortured in a lot of different ways . a man in the beginning of the story receives a letter without a return address  and it includes a manga video  showing the torture . the men who capture her are testing the limits of a human before they die . some scenes are shocking  such as the eyeball scene and others are not shocking like the girl being punched    times  because you see punches in nearly every movie . this movie has a lot of gore so i would recommend this to people   or older .  br    br        
the first installment of this notorious horror series is presented as if it were a snuff film discovered by the producers and set up like an amateur camcorder tape  complete with a digital timer at the bottom of the frame . it presents a woman being kidnapped by a gang of black  clad men who torture her for several days before finally killing her . the hapless victim is beaten savagely and pelted with raw meat before having her fingernails pulled out with pliers  her hand smashed with a hammer  her eye punctured with a needle  and so forth .  br    br   in the most nauseating scene  the woman  s captors burn her with hot water and drop live maggots into the burns . the series received a great deal of publicity when american actor charlie sheen  believing the series to contain actual murder  attempted to ban its distribution in the united states . an fbi investigation revealed that the films were only what they appeared to be to most viewers   sick re  creations using nasty  but obvious special effects . gruesomely staged by acclaimed japanese comic  book artist hideshi hino  who also directed the third and fourth episodes  this film is a sure way to clear all but the most tolerant of rooms . but  gorehounds probably won  t find anything special .  
what can i say about this film that hasnt already been said  well to tell the truth alot of it looks very fake like some of the slaps and the kicks . how charlie sheen though this was real i dont know . im sure they would be hitting and kicking her alot harder if it was . however the scenes with the pinching and the hot oil look very real . and the final needle in the eye scene is amazingly done and is probibly the only thing on film that has ever shocked me .  
wow  alot of reviews for the devils experiment are here . wonderful . my name is steve and i run unearthed films . we just started releasing the guinea pig films on dvd for north america . now before you ask why am i writing a review  instead ask why some people bash it . i  m writing this review because i love the guinea pig films . why do i love em  it  s because they go for the throat and they don  t let go . i  ve seen it all . almost every horror film known to man  argento  fulci  bava  buttgereit . from every underground cult sensation to every hollywood blockbuster . i  ve seen it all and the films that have stuck in my head over the years was definitely the guinea pig films . why because it doesn  t try to hide the reason why we watch horror movies in the  st place . this review is for the devils experiment . i find it devoid of story which is fine by me . why do i watch horror films  so i can see blood and gore and the torture of people . the devils experiment not only delivers but that  s all it is . pure unadulterated violence . yeah i like a story but sometimes i just want the gore and the devils experiment delivers ten fold . why do people bash it . cause they like a story  so that the torture and death of a person can be hidden behind a story . it make em feel better about themselves . we all want blood and gore . it  s just really hard to justify it if it  s not wrapped around a story . the guinea pig films have a historical meaning to them and they have created a definitive splash whenever they have been released .  br    br   i  m thrilled to be able to release one of the most famous horror series in the world . maybe i shouldn  t have written this review but then again maybe i should . my view is biased cause were releasing them but then again it  s not . i  ve always told people to find them and to watch them way before i started unearthed films . sure it  s exploitive and over the top but isn  t that why we watch horror films in the  st place . the devils experiment is not for everybody . it  s for thrill seekers and gorehounds only . if you think jason movies and freddy krueger movies are awesome then stick to those . but if your on the next level and have seen it all then the devils experiment is for you . there is a reason why they haven  t been released for over   years . they are wrong  disgusting and down right freaky and not something to watch with your mom  unless she is totally cool . good luck  enjoy and never stop living your life .  
a lot of people unfairly sh  t on this series but several of the guinea pig videos are fairly entertaining . devil  s experiment in particular has some really fantastic effects work   not just the infamous eyeball scene but also a very realistic skin slice on the foot and a hand breaking with a sledgehammer are very realistic   especially for the video  s vintage and low  budget .  br    br   let me start at the beginning now for those who don  t know this film is an  extreme  torture  fake snuff film that surfaced in japan in the mid    s . it  s plot as it stands is simple a young girl is held by a few men and forced to undergo a series of brutal tortures to see where her breaking point is . this entails brutal violence   all effectively realistic effects including the ones mentioned in the last paragraph as well as a painful looking application of hot oil to the captive girl  s arm and placing of maggots in the subsequent flaky wound .  br    br   the least effective sequences are at the very beginning of the video and consist of an unconvincing slap session where three men take turns slapping the hell out of the girl as her head falls about and a second sequence where the three men take turns kicking the girl and pushing her to the ground . these two scenes are obviously staged and detract from the realism of the rest of the proceedings .  br    br   the actress who plays the victim of the  experiment  is pretty convincing at being in pain and takes a good amount of abuse and rough stuff on camera . her reactions as she has headphones strapped to her head and loud noises are played for hours on end are chilling . some of the other abuse she takes is being strung up in a net from a tree during the only times she is given a rest . also there is a disturbing scene where the giggling captors through guts at her and one other disgustingly sleazy scene where she is spun in an office chair and forced to drink a bottle of jack daniels till she pukes .  br    br   if you haven  t seen this series i hope i have helped you decide whether or not you want to give this episode a shot .  .     for devil  s experiment .  
my rating refers to the first  seasons of stargate sg   which are wonderfully fresh  creative and addicting . when the cast stepped through the gate  you never knew what lay on the other side  starting around season   the show took a different focus  still good  but different .  br    br   the series follows the adventures of a team of humans  and one alien  who regularly venture into a planetary transport device called the  stargate  . the backstory of the series is based on the characters and events of the movie  stargate  in which the device is discovered during an archaeological dig in egypt .  br    br   the episodes are light  innocent and easy to watch  and very creative . many of the inventive stories could easily have been made into great sci  fi movies of their own . what happens next was always unpredictable .  br    br   the characters on which the show rests are also well  defined and brilliantly performed . their tone is serious  but the dialog is flowered with incredible wit and humor . they are simply fun to watch .  br    br   starting somewhere around season   the series started to evolve into a continuing storyline based on fighting a single foe  the goa  uld  then the ori  . the plots become more complex  a lot more political  strategic oriented  and interdependent . the characters were still as great as ever but the show was different in nature .  br    br   one thing that must be mentioned is to watch the episodes that commemorated the    th and    th episodes . they are simply can  t  miss shows . they exhibit the creative and wildly humorous genius that carried the series through   seasons .  br    br   if you are a sci  fi fan  watch a few episodes of the first  seasons and you  ll likely be hooked . if you like evolving story lines between two opposing sides  you have   seasons of shows to look forward to .  
the first installment of this notorious horror series presents a woman being kidnapped by a gang of black  clad men who torture her for several days before finally killing her . she is beaten savagely  spun around in the chair endlessly  has her finger nails pulled  animal guts are thrown at her  hot boiling water is poured on her and finally her eyeball is punctured with a needle  really sick and nasty scene  . the makers of this unforgettable torture show tried to make it as real as possible and for me this one is the closest thing to a snuff film you can get without committing murder on tape . of course some of the special effects are rather poor but the idea of making a snuff is pretty gruesome . i have seen also  flowers of flesh and blood  which is more gory and sadistic  but less disturbing . anyway  this one is a must  see for horror fans   
first off  this is not supposed to be a brilliant and thought provoking film like so many other reviewers seem to compare it to . the first review says something along the lines of anyone who likes this knows nothing about horror cinema  apparently its the other way around . if one were to look back after the film it really wasn  t meant to be convincing  it was a low budget ipecac . but really thats all it was aiming for  it was meant to blow viewers away with sheer shock value  and all the flaws it its visuals were much less noticeable back in the original vhs versions  .  br    br   i gave this one a high score because it reached its goal and even though it was not downright horrific  in non  shock sense  it did make me slightly sick and thoroughly paranoid  pessimistic  i didn  t trust anyone for about a week because i didn  t want to wake up strung up and tortured   
just the ultimate masterpiece in my opinion . every line  every phrase  every picture is exactly in place and lindsay crouse and joe mantegna are just the cool shrink and the sleazy con  man  so well cast .   out of     
  house of games  is a flawlessly constructed film  and one of the few films i have seen that had me gaping at the screen in astonishment at how cleverly and unexpectedly it ends . i first saw it on video a few years back after reading roger ebert  s review  which proclaimed it the best film of     . i had my doubts  mainly because it is not quite as well known as other films from that year . boy  was i in for a surprise . this was one of the smartest  most well  written movies i had ever seen .  br    br   the screenplay is quite a piece of work  not only in terms of the plot  which twists and turns and pulls the rug out from under you just when you think you have it all figured out   but also in terms of character development . on my second viewing  i began to realize that mamet  s screenplay succeeds not only as a clever suspense film  but that each plot development contributes to our understanding of the characters and their motivations . the climax of the movie is particularly effective  because it is absolutely inevitable . it stems naturally from what we know about the characters  and it is therefore much more than just an arbitrary twist ending . the performances by lindsay crouse and joe mantegna also add enormously to the film . i cannot picture any other actor besides mantegna playing the role of mike  and crouse plays her role with just the right amount of restraint to suggest a repressed criminal mindset . their work  plus mamet  s extraordinary screenplay  combine to create one of the greatest films of the      s . it is truly a must  see .  
just watched the film for the  rd time and enjoyed lindsay crouse and the rest of the cast just as much as before . it just keeps getting better and better . you simply have to marvel at the carefully measured way of speech  the slow deliberate action  everything being exactly in place .  br    br   truly one of the great ones and definitely my all  time favourite     
unique movie about confused woman  lindsay crouse  who gets involved with sharp con men . joe mantegna gives an oscar  caliber performance as the slickest of the group . absolutely enchanting first hour  as mantegna shows crouse  the ropes  of his con games . story line unravels a bit later on  but still stands as a unique portrayal of an innocent caught up in a dark world . definitely worth a shot .  
house of games has a strong story where obsession and illusion play a big part . a psychologist offers to help a patient with his gambling debts and gets caught at the game .  br    br   have you ever felt fascination for something that was both dangerous and wrong  watch what happens if you pursue this urge and go all the way . sit on the edge of your chair as tricksters are being tricked and victims turn into perpetrators . you  re never sure of who is exactly who in this movie .  br    br   this is both a quality and a drawback of the script . as the movie ends you feel that the story lacks a bit of consistency . but all this is largely compensated by the excellent psychological development .  br    br   this is definitely one of the best movies about gambling .  
plenty has been written about mamet  s  the house of games   most of it good . i decided to revisit the flick to see how it held up after   years and was surprised at how much i enjoyed viewing it again . the film  s success and durability probably has much to do with two principal ingredients which are always fun on film a good story and a good scam . mamet manages to bring his signature moodiness and obvious histrionics to the film while scamming us  the audience  and the mark simultaneously . then he explains the art of conning only to do it again  etc . all the while building the story .  the house of games   now a freebie on cable  is worth a look for first timers and an okay rerun for mamet fans .  b   
this typical mamet film delivers a quiet  evenly paced insight into what makes a confidence man  joe mantegna  good . explored as a psychological study by a noted psychologist  lindsay crouse   it slowly pulls her into his world with the usual nasty consequences . the cast includes a number of the players found is several of mamet  s films  steven goldstein  jack wallace  ricky jay  andy potok  allen soule  william h . macy   and they do their usual good job . i loved lindsay crouse in this film  and have often wondered why she didn  t become a more noted player than she has become . perhaps i  m not looking in the right places   br    br   the movie proceeds at a slow pace  with flat dialog  yet it maintains a level of tension throughout which logically leads to the bang  up ending . you  d expect a real let down at the ending  but i found it uplifting and satisfying . i love this movie   
in the spirit of the classic  the sting   this movie hits where it truly hurts . . . in the heart  a prim  proper female psychiatrist  hungry for adventure  meets up with the dirtiest and rottenest of scoundrals . the vulnerable doctor falls for the career badman  and begs to be involved in his operation . while the movie moves kind of  slow   it  s climax and ending are stunning  you  ll especially enjoy how the doctor  forgives herself    
i enjoyed this show for two reasons  . richard dean anderson  . amanda tapping . these two performers carried the show with able support from the regulars and recurring actors . the replacement of rda in seasons     was enough to take the heart out of the show .  br    br   the chemistry between all the main characters is just tremendous . you get the feeling that the actors like to pal around after the camera stops rolling . this relationship carries over into the program we get to see .  br    br   rda gives his  o  neill  character believable personality . he never knows when to give the wiseass in him a rest . you watch the others roll their eyes in dismay at some of his utterances . still  they know that he is the man to have around when the situation is perilous .  br    br   there is a lot going on between  carter  and  o  neill  under the surface . they manage to keep the lid on  but often just barely . the episode  solitudes  in season  had some of the best drama ever seen on television . the love between the two made the prospect of dying bearable because they faced it together .  br    br    carter  and  jackson  often have to smooth over some of the turbulence created by  o  neill  . yet  o  neill  s  tactical instincts always seem sound . he understands what to do without having to think about the matter . the team has several times been placed in jeopardy by the others not listening to his orders .  br    br   the quality declined markedly in seasons  and   . the original story arc was mostly used up and the new villains never really caught my interest . ben browder was far inferior to rda in carrying the show . he had his rare moments with claudia black  but that was all . amanda tapping was phoning in her performances these two seasons . you could see her greatly changed appearance after having a baby . she was probably thinking more about the child than the show .  br    br   the spin  off  stargate atlantis  has a few moments  but is mostly a weaker effort . the major characters lack the chemistry of the cast of the original . the villains  wraiths  are so improbable as to be ludicrous . maybe amanda tapping can breathe some life into the program or it won  t last beyond the fourth season .  br    br   there has always been a problem for me in the special effects for the show . to have spaceships shaped as pyramids is a design monstrosity seldom equaled in sci  fi . the use of torches for illumination in these ships is just as bad . the campy use of decor from ancient egypt concealing ultra  modern technology is just as hard to accept .  br    br   i wondered about some of the continuity on the show too . in the season  opener   daniel jackson  is shot up and his uniform has a gaping hole where he was wounded . he crawls into a sarcophagus and it heals his body and restores his uniform like it just came off the rack in the wardrobe closet . the episode  hathor  has a sarcophagus fall into the hands of the sgc  yet it is never mentioned again . this device could have been used in several later episodes on  daniel    o  neill   and  dr . frasier  .  
a film destined to be on late  night tv long after the present instant  money  makers  have long been forgotten . perhaps a little too subtle for today  s youngsters  but in time they  ll grow into an appreciation of this movie .  
this movie should not be compared to  the sting   or other caper  heist  con game films . what makes it such a great movie experience is what it has to say about relationships  deceit and trust . it  s also a fairly cutting critique of psychiatry  given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale . has mr mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy  highly  hugely recommended   
ask yourself where she got the gun  remember what she was taught about the mark  s mindset when the con is over  the gun had blanks and it was provided to her from the very beginning .  br    br   when the patient comes back at the end she was supposed to see him drive away in the red convertible and lead her to the gang splitting up her   thousand .  br    br   the patient was in on the con from the beginning .  br    br   mantegna does not die in the end  the gun had blanks .  br    br   there  enough spoilers for you there  this is why people are giving it such high ratings . it  s extremely original because of the hidden ending and how it cons most of the audience .  
i  m a big fan of films where people get conned  and house of games is almost the pinnacle of the  films where people get conned  genre . in short  it  s an exceptional thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat by providing interesting characters with many levels  and never truly revealing what  s happening  while throwing in many twists and surprises to upset completely what you  ve just seen . the film cons the audience on many occasions  and despite us knowing this it  s still difficult to guess where it  s going  and every twist comes off as a surprise . as mentioned  i  m a big fan of cons in movies and the plot of this one follows a female psychiatrist who receives a patient with a huge debt owed to a fellow gambler . she then goes to the gambler in an attempt to help out her patient  and on the way gets drawn into the art of reading people in order to pull off a con .  br    br   house of games breathes a sleazy atmosphere throughout  and david mamet does well in establishing his film  s setting in the underground levels of the city . the film is well acted also  with all concerned bringing life and believability to their characters with the greatest of skill . joe mantegna stars as the con man at the heart of the film  and although his performance is a little under wrought  he  s always solid and believable as the villain of the piece . lindsay crouse stars alongside him as the psychiatrist seduced by his work  and again is believable in her role . she may not be the greatest looker  but at least she can act . the way that the film executes it  s plot is the main star of the show  however  and you will no doubt be amazed on multiple occasions as to how the film constantly manages to amaze and deceive the viewer . at times it  s almost like we are in the thick of the action and being conned by the con men in the film . another thing that  s great about this film is the way that it shows the audience how to pull off certain cons  which is useful if you  re interested in making twenty bucks  say . all in all  house of games is a truly first rate thrill ride .  
spoilers this is a gripping movie about grifters . but who is conning who here  when does the hunter turn into the prey  this gritty  dark movie is slow moving and seductive . it pulls you in and drags you down the proverbial garden path  only to waylay you just as you think you are safe .  br    br   it has a riveting script  with good acting  at least from the leads  . i didn  t notice the background music  but it was never jarring  so it must have been done right .  br    br   i was very surprised that i liked this movie  because i don  t usually go for this genre but this one sucked me in and kept he hooked until the end .  
get ready for it this is one of my favourite films of all time . i am relatively unaware of david mamet  s  writer and director  other works but after having watched this film half a dozen times  it  s always a joy to watch   i can say without hesitation that he is a genius . this film is extremely well written  and quickly draws you in to its milieu of deceit  con  artistry and back room hustles . the feel of the film is very similar to the sting       and it also pays homage to film noir .  br    br   it  s quite a psychologically complex film and will definitely get you thinking about the various plot twists and motives of the shady characters . it is slightly predictable at times but the shocking climax is always exciting to watch .  br    br   generally  the acting is superb  especially joe mantegna  but someone who i watched the film with remarked to me that it  s not a good idea to have a heroine  lindsay crouse  who is not only a gambler  a smoker and a thief but also sports a bad    s hairdo . i agree  but i think she is nevertheless outstanding in the role .  br    br   the less you know about the plot of this film  the better  just like mamet  s most recent film  the spanish prisoner  because the ending will be even more impressive . just sit back and be prepared to be taken for a ride by a movie that comes dangerously close to brilliance .  
opening the film with a bach toccata is an aural hint of what is to unfold in this intense drama . all the compositional devices bach perfected to keep his listener  and the performer  intrigued and entertained applies to this film . there isn  t a mutual tenderness between the two lead characters and the lead female in the final scene i feel is justified in stating she was raped even though her victimizer feels she was forewarned that he was a cad . mamet compellingly explores the emotional chasm and differences between the genders but i feel he is clueless about how they actually compliment one another given a healthy sense of humor . if mamet ever developed a healthy humorous take on the interaction between the genders i wonder how this work would have ended  as it exists it is very somber and mean spirited .  
this is very nearly a perfect film . the ideas would be repeated by mamet  but never told so succinctly . this is really about the failure of trust  of the human condition . the film weaves the idea that we are all criminals  no one is innocent . is there anyone alive today who hasn  t seen this play out in our own society  every single day  the film is very much structured like a hitchcock thriller . except  there are no more innocent characters . the world is now completely polluted  ruined and everyone is participating in the con . could anything be more true   br    br   don  t miss the soundtrack . it is wonderful .  
  house of games  is definitely not without its flaws  plot holes  stiff acting  final scenes  but they do little to detract from the fun of watching a thriller that so methodically messes with your head .  house of games  does almost everything a good thriller is supposed to do . of course  this is not a huge feat given the fact that we  re dealing with the the world of confidence men and the cons they perpetrate . so it stands to reason that we never really know what  s going on  even though we think that we do . but that  s what makes the film worthwhile for those who are game a film for which repeated viewings are indulgences instead if necessities .  br    br   it has a definite hitchcock slant to it . the film draws on some similar themes found his     effort  marnie   considered a misfire when released but now regarded as one of the master  s more thought  provoking works . one could easily consider the idea of lindsay crouse  s character being the same as tippi hedrin  s . . . ten year later perhaps . both are strong  willed loners  both with compulsive behaviors which compel them to walk too close to the shark pool . as crouse  s repressed  up  tight character says   what  s life without adventure   put your reality check on a low setting and enjoy swimming with the sharks   
wealthy psychiatrist lindsay crouse has just published her first novel and is feeling down about her profession feeling that it  s hopeless to help her patients . a young gambling junkie client asks her to help him pay off his debts if he truly wants to help him get better . here she gets involved with joe mantegna . to reveal any more of the plot would spoil one hell of a fun movie and  house of games  may very well be the best con movie i  ve seen . david mamet wrote and directed this gem that  s full of snappy dialogue  great one  liners  and enough twists to keep you guessing til the end . crouse is perfect as the uptight psychiatrist needing a change and mantegna tops her as the devilishly sly con  man . and with the exception of a coincidence in the last quarter of the movie  the film is in utter control of it  s audience and we are loving the con .  br    br    out of   
i  m not great at writing reviews  so i  ll just spout my opinions . . .  br    br   i loved this series at first . the adventure  the action  the comedy  the drama . . . i thought it was all brilliant . anderson  tapping  shanks  judge  davis . . . i loved them all . davis  it seemed  was the fifth  most important person in the cast . not a big deal . but when his character  general hammond  left at the end of the seventh season  and anderson  s character  colonel o  neill  moved from the field to the office  the quality of the series suddenly fell off a cliff . i don  t know whether it  s because hammond was more important that i realized or what  but for some reason  after the seventh season  the series turned to  .  br    br   the first seven seasons  though  were awesome . the movie stargate seemed mediocre the first time i saw it  but it turned out to be  even if this wasn  t the original intention  a brilliant setup to the series . i recommend that you watch the movie first  then watch the first season of the tv series  then watch the movie again  you  ll have a whole new appreciation of it the second time around  believe me   and then watch the rest of the tv series .  br    br   the last three seasons of the series aren  t nearly as good as the first seven  but that doesn  t mean they aren  t good . it just means they  re a letdown if you  ve gotten spoiled by the first seven seasons .  br    br   after you have finished this series  be sure to watch the spin off series  stargate atlantis . it is a worthy successor to this brilliant series .  br    br   edit on         i just found out that don s . davis died a few weeks ago . it is a great loss .  
house of games is spell binding . it  s so nice to occasionally see films that are perfect tens . there are few movies i  ve seen that can grip you so quickly . from the opening scene this movie just gets you .  br    br   i  m trying really hard not to give to much away to those who may not yet have seen this but there will be a few spoilers so don  t read anymore if you don  t want to know .  br    br   i would say house of games is not just a superb film but is the best movie about con artists i have ever seen  bar none . from the moment the movie is over it begs to be replayed .  br    br   lindsay crouse as margaret ford is simply perfection  from her mannerisms to the inflection of her voice she gets into the role immediately . joe mantegna was also wonderful . the dialogue in this movie has an unforced almost unscripted quality and these two people communicate as much in a look as they do with their voices . i also loved the way the movie was filmed  in that grainy  surreal type of way  it fit perfectly and helped make the film what it was .  br    br   there were a few movies i  ve seen and loved that this reminded me of including the grifters and the usual suspects but really  house of games is completely different in it  s way . margaret and mike are two of the most absorbing characters i  ve seen on the big screen and not only do they have screen chemistry that is strong and palpable from the moment they meet  but the buildup that starts from the moment they set eyes on each other is electrifying . you know something  s going to happen but you have no idea what . and just when you think you  ve guessed what the  something  is  you realize you haven  t even scratched the surface . . . .  br    br   house of games is one of those movies that may be lumped in to a certain genre of movie type but is essentially a movie about human nature . the character study is not just about the mind of the con artist but the victim as well . as the movie moves along and we get to know more and more about the main characters  we learn about them not just through what they say but how they say it . it is a great character study and is flawless in the way it speeds to it  s conclusion .  br    br   in closing  i  d rank this   of    call it  although not my absolute favorite film  pretty high on the list   most definitely outstanding and would go so far as to say it does rank as one of the best character studies and contains some of the best  twists  i  ve ever seen as well . although i love all types and genres of movies  when it comes to movies of the human psyche  it really doesn  t get much better then this . see this movie .  
here  s my first david mamet directed film . fitting  since it was his first  as well .  br    br   the story here is uneven and it moves along like any con movie  from the little cons to the big cons to the all  encompassing con . it  s like  the grifters   but without that film  s level of acting .  in that film  john cusack was sort of bland but that was the nature of his character .  the acting here is very flat  i sometimes wondered if the bland acting by crouse was supposed to be some sort of attack on psychoanalysis  . at least in the beginning . it never gets really good  but it evolves beyond painfully stiff line reading after about ten minutes . early in the film  some of lindsay crouse  s lines   the way she reads them   sound as if they  re inner monologue or narration  which they aren  t . with the arrival of mantegna things pick up .  br    br   the dialogue here isn  t as fun as it should be . i was expecting crackerjack ring  a  ding  ding lines that roll off the tongue  but these ones don  t . it all sounds very read  rather than spoken . maybe mamet evolved after this film and loosened up  but if not  then maybe he should let others direct his words . he  s far too precious with them here and as a result  they lose their rhythmic  jazzy quality . what  s more strange is that other than this  the film doesn  t look or feel like a play . the camera is very cinematic . my only problem with  glengarry glen ross  was that it looked too much like filmed theatre  but in that film the actors were not only accomplished  but relaxed and free . everything flowed .  br    br   i wouldn  t mind so much if it sounded like movie characters speaking movie lines   or even play characters speaking play lines   but here it sounds like movie  or even book  characters speaking play lines . it  s a weird jumble of theatre and film that just doesn  t work . that doesn  t mean the movie is bad   it isn  t  it  s often extremely entertaining . the best chunk is in the middle .  br    br   it  s standard con movie stuff the new guy  in this case  girl  margaret ford  lindsay crouse  gets involved in the seedy con underworld . how she gets involved is she  s a psychiatrist and one of her patients  billy is a compulsive gambler . she wants to help him out with his gambling debt  so she walks into the house of games  a dingy game room where con men work in a back room . i  ll admit the setup is pretty improbable .  were they just expecting crouse to come in  were they expecting she  d write a cheque  was billy in on it  one of these questions is definitely answered by the end  however .   br    br   and from here the cons are start to roll out . i found the beginning ones   the little learner ones   to be the most fun . we  re getting a lesson in the art of the con as much as crouse is .  br    br   we see the ending coming  and then we didn  t see the second ending coming  and then the real ending i didn  t see coming but maybe you did . the ball just keeps bouncing back and forth and by the last scene in the movie we realize that the second crouse walked into the house of games she found her true calling .  br    br   i  m going to forgive the annoying opening  the improbable bits and the strange line  reading because there are many good things here . if the first part of the movie seems stagy  stick with it . after the half  hour mark it does really get a momentum going . if you want a fun con movie  then here she is . if you want mamet  go watch  glengarry glen ross  again   james foley did him better .  br    br     
if your idea of a thriller is car chases  explosions  and dozens of people being mowed down by gunfire  then  house of games  is definitely not the movie for you . if you like and appreciate psychological drama and suspense  then  by all means  see it .  br    br    house of games  tells the story of an esteemed psychologist and writer  dr . margaret ford  lindsay crouse   who tries to help a patient and gets involved in the shadowy world of con men led by the charismatic mike  joe mantegna  . to say anything more about the plot would ruin the suspense . frankly  i find it hard to believe anyone who says they saw the twists coming . just like a clever con artist  this movie draws you into its web and lulls your vigilance .  br    br   the story is taut and well  crafted  the dialogue smart and laconic  the acting uniformly good  mantegna is superbly charismatic  . some have complained that dr . ford is not a very sympathetic character  and wondered why mamet would make lindsay crouse look so physically unattractive . but dr . ford is supposed to be cold and aloof moreover  her homeliness is in a way essential to the plot  at one point  i believe that an injury to her sexual self  esteem is a key part of her motivation . . . i  ll say no more  .  br    br    house of games  is a dark look at the underside of human nature that concludes on a note of discomforting ambiguity . it will hold your attention every second while you are watching  and stay with you for a long time afterwards .  
house of games is a wonderful movie at multiple levels . it is a fine mystery and a shocking thriller . it is blessed with marvelous performances by lindsay crouse and joe montegna  and a strong  strong cast of supporting players  and it introduces ricky jay  card sharp extraordinaire  prestidigitator and historian of magic . its dialogue  written by david mamet  is spoken as if in a play of manners and gives the movie  in which reality is often in question  an extra dimension of unrealness .  br    br   on the face of it  house of games is a convincing glimpse into the unknown world of cheats and con men  diametrically different from the sting  which was played merely for glamour and yuks . at this level it does succeed admirably .  br    br   however  you cannot escape the examination at a deeper level of the odyssey of a woman from complacent professional competence to incredible strength and self realization . the only movie i know of which treats the theme of emergence of personal strength in a woman in as worthy a way is the underrated private benjamin . that thoroughly enjoyable movie unfortunately diffuses its focus  hopping among several themes and exploiting the fine performance of goldie hawn to chase after some easy laughs . house of games sticks to its business . as poe once said of a good short story  it drives relentlessly to its conclusion .  br    br   there is another strain of movies  about  women  epitomized by thelma and louise  a big budget commercial money maker with the despicable theme that women are doomed  whether or not they realize their inner strengths . what tripe .  br    br   as usual you really ought to see this film in a movie theater . it should be a natural for film festivals . nominate it for one near you if you get the chance .  br    br   i bought the original version of house of games and gave it to my   year old daughter . better she should see it on a tv than not at all .  
the united states of kiss my ass   br    br   house of games is the directional debut from playwright david mamet and it is an effective and at times surprising psychological thriller . it stars lindsay crouse as best  selling psychiatrist  margaret ford  who decides to confront the gambler who has driven one of her patients to contemplate suicide . in doing so she leaves the safety and comfort of her somewhat ordinary life behind and travels downtown  to visit the lowlife place  house of games .  br    br   the gambler mike  played excellently by joe mantegna  turns out to be somewhat sharp and shifty . he offers crouse  s character a deal  if she is willing to sit with him at a game  a big money game in the backroom  he  ll cancel the patients debts . the card game ensues and soon the psychiatrist and the gambler are seen to be in a familiar line of work  gaining the trust of others  and a fascinating relationship begins . what makes house of games interesting and an essential view for any film fan is the constant guessing of who is in control  is it the psychiatrist or the con  man or is it the well  known man of great bluffs david mamet .  br    br   in house of games the direction is dull and most of the times flat and uninspiring  however in every david mamet film it is the story which is central to the whole proceedings  not the direction . in house of games this shines through in part thanks to the superb performances from the two leads  showy and distracting  but mainly as is the case with much of mamet  s work  it is the dialogue  which grips you and slowly draws you into the film . no one in the house of games says what they mean and conversations become battlegrounds and war of words . everyone bluffs and double bluffs  which is reminiscent of a poker games natural order . this is a running theme throughout the film and is used to great effect at the right moments to create vast amounts of tension . house of games can also be viewed as a class  war  division movie . with lindsay crouse we have the middle  class  well  to  do educated psychiatrist and joe mantegna is the complete opposite  the working class of america earning a living by honest  crime .  br    br   the film seduces the viewer much like crouse is seduced by mantegna and the end result is ultimately a very satisfying piece of american cinema . and the final of the film is definitely something for all to see and watch out for  it  s stunning .  br    br   an extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeated viewings .      
david mamet wrote the screenplay and made his directorial debut with house of games   a character study fraught with psychological overtones  in which a psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of the confidence game . margaret ford  lindsay crouse  has a successful practice and has written a best  selling novel   driven .  still  she is somewhat discontented with her own personal life there  s an emptiness she can neither define nor resolve  and it primes her vulnerability . when a patient  billy hahn  steven goldstein   confides to her during a session that he owes big money to some gamblers  and that they  re going to kill him if he doesn  t pay  she decides to intervene on his behalf . this takes her to the house of games   a seedy little dive where she meets mike  joe mantegna   a charismatic con  man who wastes no time before enticing her into his world . instead of the twenty  five large  that billy claimed he owed  mike shows her his book  and it turns out to be eight hundred dollars . and mike agrees to wipe the slate clean  if she  ll agree to do him one simple favor  which involves a card game he has going on in the back room . in the middle of a big hand  mike is going to leave the room for a few minutes while he is gone  her job is to watch for the tell  of one of the other players . by this time  not only margaret  but the audience  as well  is hooked . the dialogue  and mamet  s unique style and the precise cadence with which his actors deliver their lines  is mesmerizing . as mike leads margaret through his compelling  surreal realm of existence  and introduces her to the intricacies of the con game  we are swept right along with her . from that first memorable encounter  when he demonstrates what a tell  is and how it works  to the lessons of the short con   to the stunning climax of this film  mamet keeps the con going with an urgency that is relentless . and nothing is what it seems . in the end  margaret learns some hard lessons about life and human nature  and about herself . she changes and whether or not it  s for the better is open to speculation . mantegna is absolutely riveting in this film he lends every nuance possible to a complex character who must be able to lead you willingly into the shadows  and does . crouse also turns in an outstanding performance here you feel the rigid  up  tight turmoil roiling beneath that calm  self  assured exterior  and when her experiences with mike induce the change in her  she makes you feel how deeply it has penetrated . she makes you believe that she is capable of what she does  and makes you understand it  as well . the dynamic supporting cast includes mike nussbaum  joey   lilia skala  dr . littauer   j . t . walsh  the businessman   ricky jay  george  and william h . macy  sergeant moran  . house of games  is the quintessential mamet he  s written and directed a number of high  caliber plays and films since  and will no doubt grace us with more in the future . but this film will be the one that defines him and you can go to the dictionary and look it up . you  ll find it under perfection .  this is one great movie you do not want to miss . i rate this one      .  
this movie is amazing  while being funny and entertaining  it is also profoundly deep and eye  opening . i will watch it again and again . bruce is a guy who is unhappy with his life . he has a job and a life  but it isn  t what he thinks it will take to bring him happiness . bruce is bitter  unsatisfied  and resentful that his life isn  t the way he envisions it should be . as a result of this state of mind  bruce ends up losing his job and blaming god for everything that he thinks is wrong with his life . god comes to bruce and grants him godly powers . bruce uses these powers to get everything he has always wanted . his life is finally exactly what he envisioned it would take to make him happy . . . . . with one exception . in the process of gaining everything  he loses the one person who truly loved him . as the movie unfolds  bruce learns that the real change that needed to occur in his life was not the circumstances  but his perception of what was truly there . this movie was inspirational and deep . if you really pay attention  it forces you to look at your life with a deeply humbling respect for the fact that a lot of the time we are so much more blessed than we recognize . as my wife says   since when does anybody know what it takes to make them happy   and my humble addition   may we not lose ourselves and those who matter while we try to find out .   
this is one of those movies that they did too much promoting for . if you watch t . v .  then you might as well not watch the movie . almost all the funny scenes are spoiled in the previews  except one which just happens to be jennifer annisten being the funny one . it is typical jim carrey humor and it is really funny . just don  t go see this movie expecting to be surprised . all in all  if you like jim carrey or comedies this is a must  see  otherwise just watch the previews and you  ll be just as satisfied .  
i absolutely loved this movie . it met all expectations and went beyond that . i loved the humor and the way the movie wasn  t just randomly silly . it also had a message . jim carrey makes me happy .    
wow  finally jim carrey has returned from the died . this movie had me laughing and crying . it also sends a message that we should all know and learn from . jeniffer aniston was great  she will finally have a hit movie under her belt . if you liked liar liar you will love this movie . i give it     .  
i have to say  from the beginning  when i watched the stargate movie movie i wasn  t blown away or anything it was like an average sci fi movie  with a lot of potential  though the movie wasn  t as  erm  amazing as other sci fi movies such as star wars or aliens  which if u are a sci fi fanatic u will admit one of those two titles are amazing  even though i  m not as hardcore sci fi fan as some people  i don  t remember one line from either of those movies  i  m not a big fan of wearing star wars t shirts  in fact if you saw me i would look like an average person to you  ah getting slightly off the point here  well my point is that the that you don  t have to be a hard core sci fi fan to like this great series  which unfortunately ended after   amazing seasons with no drop in its quality as it got nearer to its end  in     .  br    br   though i didn  t like the movie much i was quite looking forward to the first season in      and let me tell you  the special effects were only one of the brilliant things about the series  the chemistry between the characters just blew me away the special affects  were as good if not better than most sci fi shows running today . i have to admit that i would never have gone into sci fi if it wasn  t for stargate  and my dad  who actually got me into sci fi when i was like   and i  m glad he did  other wise i wouldn  t have seen the brilliant shows like sg   which now in my opinion sets the benchmark for nearly all sci fi series and movies  basically if a new sci fi series isn  t better or as good as sg   its not worth watching . basically this is the best sci fi show to date  and if you don  t watch this  then you have no idea what you are missing   
bruce almighty is the best jim carrey work since the truman show  and was a pleasant surprise after some of his recent  hey hollywood  look how good i can act   box office disappointments . it  s great to see jim recognizing and embracing his strengths . he won  t get an academy award but the film itself will last longer than many of the  awarded films  of the academy . he is at the top of his form in this most recent film  it  s like the return of an old friend .  br    br   carrey  freeman  and aniston all do a great job together  comfortable in their comedy roles  superb comic timing  and obviously having fun together but without the  hey mom  look how funny i am  type of comedy . a real surprise was steven carrell as carrey  s nemesis  carrell of the daily show fame   who walked away with some the best and funniest scenes of the film . i laughed harder at carell than anyone else in the past three years .  br    br   i can foresee the religious nuts in the us will be up  in  arms over the treatment of god  but the bottom line of the film is true to all major theological beliefs  we are masses of protoplasms trying to get through our short lives by exercising our free will . without married with children t o complain about  this will likely become a target of people with misplaced priorities  who know the types  men adorned in gold watches on sunday morning and late nigh television  selling prayers to god  . and  again  about  .   of the country will care and    of the media will report it .  br    br   the bottom line this a purely entertaining film  each audience member laughingly wondering what they would do  and a feel  good feeling at the movie conclusion . a walk down any major street in america has to confirm that god has a tremendous sense of humor . what better comic genius to remind us of that than jim carry .  br    br   thanks again  jim   it  s great to have you back    
after a slow beginning  bruce almighty is a very funny film that had something positive to say . it wasn  t one of jim carrey  s best performances  but he was still ok . morgan freeman was just right as god . jennifer aniston had some good moments . i miss steve correll on  the daily show    br    br   i like director tom shadyac  s choices of movies . he also did liar liar  patch adams  and the nutty professor . in all three of those and in bruce almighty  he takes a big comedy star and tells a human story with him . a director who knows comedy  can get the talent he gets  and can tell a meaningful and intelligent story with it is hard to find .  br    br   my biggest complaint is that they should have used more biblical references . i only remember three specific biblical references and they were the three funniest parts of the whole movie . my guess is that the first few drafts of the screenplay had more biblical references  but they were cut out because the producers were afraid of offending people . that  s too bad because i thought it was a missed opportunity .  br    br   my grade  br    br    out of    
let me start out by saying i  m a big carrey fan . although i  ll admit i haven  t seen all of his movies coughthe magesticcough . bruce almighty was enjoyable . none of the other reviews have really gone into how cheesy it gets towards the end  i dont know what the writers were thinking . somehow i couldn  t help but feel like this movie was a poor attempt at re  creating liar liar .  br    br   on a positive note  the daily show  s steve correl is hilarious and so is the rest of the cast . see bruce almighty if you  re a big jim carrey fan  or if you just want to see a light  hearted  que soft piano music  somewhat funny comedy .  
bruce almighty  will sweep the academy awards with a record   oscar wins  it will surpass titanic  as the highest grossing film of all time  jim carrey  s illustriousness will be at such a supreme level that he will announce his presidential candidacy for the     white house playoffs . almighty then  these grandeur fantasies would only transpire if the filmmakers  carrey included  would possess the powers of god . that very same premise is the paramount ingredient in carrey  s new laugh riot bruce almighty  . carrey plays bruce nolan  a televison reporter who is so utterly obsessed in being the main anchor that he holds god to total culpability for his own contretemps . god  heavenly played by morgan freeman  grants bruce the gift of god   his powers  in order to challenge him if he can do god  s job any better . obviously  bruce gets carreyed  away with his newfound blissful faculties and uses them selfishly . carrey is back in his habitual almighty comedic form in bruce almighty  . jennifer aniston was not mis . pittiful  as bruce  s girlfriend . however  my premier kudos goes to director tom shadyac for not letting the dog out of the house for    and showing us the most hilarious doggoned bathroom scene of all time  bruce almighty  is not the most in  depth carrey film  but it is still an almighty chuckling exhibition of carreyism    good  
jim carrey and morgan freeman along with jennifer aniston combine to make one of the funniest movies so far this     season  late may  and a good improvement on carrey  s past crazy and personally forgetable roles in past comedies . with a slightly toned down carrey antics yet with just the zap and crackle of his old self  carrey powerfully carries this movie to the height of laughter and also some dramatic  tearfully somber moments . elements of jim  s real acting abilities continue to show up in this movie . this delightful summer entertainment hits most of the buttons  including dramatic elements along with the goofy moments that fit perfectly with this script . while still lacking in the superbly polished ensemble of comedy  drama  bruce  almightly deserves credit for being a great date movie along with a solid message and soft spiritual cynicism and parody that maintains its good  natured taste . eight out of ten stars .  
ok  so it  s not a masterpiece like the godfather  but it doesn  t have to be . the only purpose this movie has is to make the viewer laugh several times . if it can make the viewer laugh a bunch of times  it has accomplished its purpose . i laughed out loud and left with a smile . i feel like i got my money  s worth .  
fairly funny jim carrey vehicle that has him as a news reporter who temporarily gets the power of god and wrecks havoc . carrey is back in familiar ground here and looks to be having a good time  and jennifer aniston as his put upon girlfriend is also charming and affecting . the story is predictible to the extreme but the cast  including morgan freeman as  god   is great and makes the film worth catching . grade b  
well not actually . this movie is very entertaining though . went and saw it with the girlfriend last night and had to use the  i think there might be something in my eye  routine . the movie is a great combination of comedy and typical romance . jim carey is superb as a down on his luck reporter who is given the power to change himself and the city in which he resides . in fact all the characters are great . the movie is not overly funny or sappy  good flick to go see with the wife .  br    br   all in all     . . . . note  i am not an easy grader . thats all from bigv over and out   
i for one was glad to see jim carrey in a film where being over the top wasn  t the goal . his character is like all of us . wanting more  better things to happen to us and expecting god to deliver .  br    br   morgan freeman made a great god . with a sense of humor and a genuine sense of love for each of us yet ready to take a little vacation when the opportunity presents itself .  br    br   i thought jennifer aniston  s character was a little too vulnerable and understanding towards carry  s basically self  centered tv anchorman wanna  be but that  s the way it was written .  br    br   i think the previews ruined several potentially very funny scenes because everyone who saw them knew what was coming before it happened .  br    br   i have read a number of the reviews and it seems some people are looking a little too deep . this is a summer comedy and is not meant to solve the problems of the world although there are a few messages we could all take to heart .  br    br   a funny film .  
i am a very big jim carrey fan . i laughed my ass off during liar liar and ace ventura . i also like him in his serious movies  especially truman show . this one is a cross between his very funny side  and his serious side . he is of course very funny in this movie  but there are parts that are very serious  and he pulls it off with a lot of ease . he is truely a multi  function actor .  br    br   as for the rest of the cast  i was happy with jennifer aniston  s acting . i think she is more than just a couple of nice tits and great ass . morgan freeman makes a very cool god . as for steven carell  his limited scenes are very funny  especially in the anchor scene .  br    br   overall  i would have to rate this a  . good acting  funny script  and some very serious situations make this a very good film .  
i would have rated the series a perfect   for outstanding and consistently high quality story and character development had it not been for the last episode of season     br    br   the final episode of the   th season  unending   where  it would certainly appear that  the asgard have been killed  off in a very rushed  unconvincing and very unceremonious fashion  left me in disbelief   br    br   from the extremely rushed end of the series  it  s obvious that many of the story arcs were originally scheduled to occur over at least one more season . my guess would be that they rapidly accelerated these stories to position the stargate sg   franchise for the two upcoming direct  to  dvd moves   br    br   unless the asgard return in a future sg   movie  with a very good explanation of the  apparent  extinction   i think that the fans have been cheated with a poor clean  up of loose  ends   br    br   poor end to an otherwise brilliant sci  fi series .  
i first heard about this film about   years ago when i was a kid in grade school     it just so happened that i was thumbing through the encyclopedias in the classroom one day  and under the entry for movies  or cinema  i don  t remember   were several stills for different movies from mainstream to experimental  and one of them shown on the page was a still for offon . it really intrigued me  since it stood out the most on the page  it was a still from the film of the scene with the eye with other elements superimposed over it  .  br    br   about   or so years later  the public library here where i live had available for checkout the whole   dvd set of  treasures of american film archives  released by the national film preservation foundation . so when i was reading the notes on the dvd cases for the set  i was quite pleasantly surprised to see that offon was on one of the discs . after all these years  i could finally see the film  after viewing it  it slightly wasn  t was i was expecting it to be  it tended to be a more organic  looking film  not that that  s a bad thing  but i was expecting it to have a more electronic aesthetic   but it was still an impressive film  imho  considering the techniques scott bartlett used to make the film  including hand  tinting the film itself  and using video equipment for some of the film  s scenes  filmed off of a video monitor   giving it a more distressed  lo  res look .  br    br   don  t get me wrong  the techniques used in this film were quite ground  breaking for     . that  s why it  s still one of my favorite short  experimental films  and a creative inspiration for me as well . . .  
a very funny movie . it was good to see jim carrey back in top form . it was definitely worth the price of admission . morgan freeman and jennifer aniston both played outstanding supporting roles in this film . i think they may have played the dog a bit too much however  still a good film to see .  
bruce almighty  one of carrey  s best pictures since . . . well . . . a long time . it contains one of the funniest scenes i have seen for a long time too . . . morgan freeman plays god well and even chips in a few jokes that are surprisingly funny . it contains one or two romantic moments that are a bit boring but over all a great movie with some funny scenes . the best scene in  it is where jim is messing up the anchor man  s voice .  br    br   my rating      
this film is the best film jim carrey has ever made . carrey did not have his usual face making stuff in this film . he was both funny and sad . carrey played a reporter named bruce nolan . nolan blames god  morgan freeman  for everything that goes wrong in his life . then  god comes down from heaven and gives bruce his powers . as i said before  carrey did an excellent job . i also thought that morgan freeman and jennifer aniston were great as supporting actor  actress . the plot was good because it had many subpoints in the main point . this movie can be funny  bruce  s dog  as well as sad  the  break  up   . the script worked well  too . i am glad they made a sequel to this film . i rate this film a     .  
bruce almighty is the story of bruce nolan  an average man who feels god is messing up his life . god confronts him and show bruce the error of his ways . of course  giving someone god  s powers could take a turn for the worse . bruce almighty is a good comedy  jim carrey is good  as always morgan freeman is first  rate and seems right at home as god and the cast brings the plot together well . the jokes are almost always on target  although sometimes they resort a bit too much on carrey  s facial expressions . i liked the fact that the movie actually portrayed god  not only that but also as a black man . i thought this quite well  especially with the brilliant freeman . there are some hilarious scenes  the opening cookie scene for instance  others miss the target slightly but still a good film .    out of    
  bruce almighty  looks and sounds incredibly stupid  especially from the trailers . nevertheless  i found in it a deeper message that actually made me like this film more . bruce  jim carrey  is angry at god and is given divine powers by him to be god for a week to see if he can do a better job . morgan freeman plays a man symbolized here as god  and though it isn  t his usual type of film or one of his best roles  he does excellent with what he is given to work with . although crude at times  the film does have quite a few laughs  from bruce parting his soup in half like the red sea and the customers  reactions to him  as well as freeman  s seemingly laid  back and wisecracking image of god . it is overly exaggerated at times  and there is some crude humor  but overall it manages to be somewhat funny . there is a decent supporting cast  such as jennifer aniston  lisa ann walter  and steve carrell  which always helps . the end of the film proves to be very romantic and tear  jerking  and the message is clear  that we should do what god has called us to do and  be the miracle .  the film is far from perfect  but still enjoyable  and far better than i and many people probably would have expected  especially if we see the deeper message of the film .  br    br    out of   
if you want a serious laugh pain  watch this movie  and the things bruce inflicts on his fellow newscaster . the deleted scenes are priceless . i don  t know why they didn  t include them in the original movie . it can  t be because of time  since the movie is only    minutes long . morgan freeman is a brilliant actor  who has been overlooked for too long . jim carrey needs meds   
as someone who lives near buffalo  new york  this movie scored points with me before i even saw it  since the story is based here . there are even some bit parts with real  life news  tv anchor people from buffalo . . and  for once  it doesn  t knock the area . hallelujah   br    br   theology  wise  puh  leeze    god is still made to look and think like humans . . . and  of course  be a bit on the liberal side . being the lightweight comedy it is  it  s nothing that should win any awards but it still is entertaining and is a pleasant way to kill    minutes .  br    br   there are some laugh  out  loud slapstick comedy scenes and  hopefully  audiences  from christians to atheists .  got something out of this besides a few laughs  such as what prayer should really be all about . kudos to the writers for at least getting that theology correct and giving a good message .  br    br   overall  it  s a good  hearted film that should offend very few .  
i really do not know what people have against this film  but it  s definitely one of my favourites . it  s not preachy  it  s not anchored by it  s moral  it shouldn  t be controversial . it  s just god . any possible god  no matter the religion . and it  s really funny .  br    br   jim carry plays bruce nolan  a tv reporter usually stuck on the lighter side of the news  desperate to prove himself  more or less to himself  that he can be taken seriously and do a good job in an anchor job . this drive is what is slowly driving his beautiful girlfriend grace  jennifer aniston  away . when the final straws are executed  he  s quick to not laugh  but yell in the face of god  who in turn gives bruce his powers . bruce then makes his life better for himself  until he  s guilted into helping others  where he then continues to miss the point of his powers . meanwhile  his constant excitement about his own life makes him more selfish  leaving his relationship on dangerous ground .  br    br   ok  that was kinda long . but as a plot  it works well . the step  by  step fashion in which we meet the challenges of being god is much better than clustering his problems together  and is able to hide itself fairly well .  br    br   as you probably know from hearing about this movie in the first place  carrey  s pitch  perfect acting stays in character  which  luckily enough  is him   and controls and gives atmosphere to the movie scene by scene . whether they would admit it or not  the role was written or rewritten exclusively for carrey . without him  the humour would turn flat  as humour is half execution . and the humour is very good in the first place . but without carrey  it would kinda feel like a it  s a wonderful life wannabe .  br    br   jennifer aniston is great and  no matter what some may say  does not act like the only excuse for the third act . at least  you don  t think that when you see her . she gives a heartfelt performance and makes you forget you  re watching a movie  she and carrey feel very much like a real couple .  br    br   the movie feels ggooooodd  see the movie to understand   has a very nice feeling  tackles the idea appropriately and better than expected and overall should never have been called slapped together just to save carrey  s career  which wasn  t goin  anywhere .  .  
well  was morgan freeman any more unusual as god than george burns  this film sure was better than that bore   oh  god  . i was totally engrossed and lmao all the way through . carrey was perfect as the out of sorts anchorman wannabe  and aniston carried off her part as the frustrated girlfriend in her usual well played performance . i  for one  don  t consider her to be either ugly or untalented . i think my favorite scene was when carrey opened up the file cabinet thinking it could never hold his life history . see if you can spot the file in the cabinet that holds the events of his bathroom humor i was rolling over this one . well written and even better played out  this comedy will go down as one of this funnyman  s best .  
now either you like mr carrey  s humour or you don  t . me  myself and irene had audiences both walking out in droves and  on the other hand  cheering and collapsing in puddles of mirth . bruce almighty is a bit more mainstream  but you have been warned .  br    br   if you  re not sure  watch the trailer . i saw the trailer three times and still laughed at the same gags when i saw the film . if you don  t find the sight of a dog putting the seat down after using the loo funny  don  t bother with the movie .  br    br   carrey  a reporter stuck in a rut covering  lighter news  berates god when the whole of his life seems to be going to pot . god takes up the challenge and asks carrey if he can do better . carrey gets into the swing of having all of god  s powers by making his girlfriend  jennifer aniston   s breasts bigger  getting himself promoted  and answering everyone  s prayers by single stroke computer commands .  br    br   this is not a highbrow movie or even that memorable  but it is very well made within it  s very limited intent  provides almost continuous laughs to carrey fans  and even any religious cheesiness is likely to be inoffensive to all but the most narrow  minded god  squadders and anti  god  squadders .  br    br   on the more thoughtful level  the film tempts us to speculate about carrey  s own career  stuck in his  comedy  typecasting he has largely failed to make an impression as a serious actor even after winning two golden globes . his most accomplished  straight  role  the man on the moon  is less well known that his comedy romps  or the truman show  on which the academy heaped three nominations whilst bypassing carrey  .  
i nominate this and babylon  as the best television sci  fi series made . both stand out in my mind because unlike early star trek series  there is a consistent evolution of plots and characters . if you look at the original star trek and star trektng  they were fine shows  but there was no overall theme or plot that connected all the episodes . in many ways  you could usually watch the shows totally out of sequence with no difficulty understanding what is occurring . this was less the case with deep space   with its giant battles that took up all of the final season  and the other trek shows  as there was more of a larger story that unified them . this coherence seems to have developed as a concept with babylon  and saw this to an even greater extent with sg   . the bottom line is that in many ways this series was like watching a family or a long novel slowly take form . sure  there were a few  throwaway  episodes that were not connected to the rest  but these were very few and far between and were also usually pretty funny .  br    br   and speaking of funny  i loved that sg   kept the mood light from time to time and wasn  t so dreadfully serious . in this way  i actually enjoyed it more than babylon  . jack o  neill was a great character with his sarcasm and love of homer simpson   it  s really too bad he slowly faded from the series in later seasons .  br    br   to truly appreciate sg    you should watch it from the beginning and see how intricately the plots work . this coherence gives the show exceptional staying power . and  if you don  t like sg   after giving it a fair chance  then sci  fi is probably not the genre for you .  
starring jim carrey  morgan freeman  jennifer anniston i was really quite skeptical the first time i watched this movie . i mean  what a conceptual nightmare . jim carrey playing god  nothing is sacred anymore .  br    br   well  this movie is hardly sacred  but it also is not sacrilegious  at least not to any great extent . yes  jim carrey has the powers of god for a while  but he is not god . confused  i  ll give you the low down .  br    br   jim carrey plays bruce nolan  a reporter who is down on his luck and feeling very unsuccessful with his life . he lives with his beautiful girlfriend  grace  anniston   and you can tell right off the bat that they love each other  but the relationship is on fairly shaky ground .  br    br   then bruce gets a shot at anchorman  only to have it underhandedly stolen by evan baxter . obviously not please  bruce shares his thoughts with the world through the television in a way which is comical and definitely worthy of getting him fired .  br    br   much complaining and griping about god later  bruce gets a page . after a while he gets tired of it calling  so he responds and goes to the omni presents building  heh  . there he meets god  freeman   who is the boss  electrician  and janitor of the building . i found this highly amusing . god is the boss  the holy spirit is the electrician  and jesus christ is the janitor . think about it . boss  obvious . electrician  the guy who keeps everything running . janitor  the guy who cleans up the mess that the world has left . brilliant .  br    br   anyway  bruce is a little skeptical about having actually met god  but when god gives bruce his powers and gives him a shot at playing god  he starts to believe a bit . wonder why . enter the flagrant abuse of powers for personal gain and to abuse the enemies .  br    br   since this is hollywood  bruce obviously eventually smartens up  learns his lesson  and starts using his powers for the good of the world . in the end he cries out for god to take it away and prays that his will be done  not bruce  s .  br    br   since it is jim carrey  the movie is quite amusing  and there are definitely some highly entertaining moments in it . the movie is not perfect theology  but for hollywood  it is definitely a good attempt . many statements in the film can be quite thought provoking and even challenging  and i applaud tom shadyac for his effort in this movie .  br    br   so  while far from perfect  definitely an amusing popcorn movie with a little bit of thought behind it .  br    br   bottom line  .  out of   worth a view or two   
jim carrey is back to much the same role that he played in the mask  a timid guy who is trying to get ahead in the world but who seems to be plagued with bad luck . even when he tries to help a homeless guy from being harassed by a bunch of hoodlums  and of course they have to be mexican  obviously   his good will towards his fellow man backfires . in that case  it wasn  t too hard to predict that he was about to have a handful of angry hoodlums  but i like that the movie suggests that things like that shouldn  t be ignored . i  m reminded of the episode of michael moore  s brilliant the awful truth  when they had a man lay down on the sidewalk and pretend to be dead and see who would actually stop and make sure he was okay . the results were not very promising  so it  s nice to see someone in the movies setting a good example .  br    br   jim carrey plays the part of bruce nolan  the nice guy mentioned above whose entire life seems to be falling apart . or even better  it seems to be breaking up by the blows of bad luck like an asteroid entering the atmosphere  a little metaphor that comes up when bruce miraculously finds himself a gigantic news story later in the film  . bruce is nearly   years old and all he has to show for it is a position as a news reporter of the sort that reports on such exciting news as the local bakery that  s seeking to bake the world  s biggest cookie . he  s desperate to obtain the job of head anchor at the tv station  but he loses his cool on live tv when he hears that the job went to his rival colleague . you have to love how they time the revelation of this news to him seconds before his first live report . needless to say  he loses his temper on live tv in one of the funniest scenes of the entire film .  br    br   morgan freeman delivers a fantastic performance as the man himself  displaying a god whose infinite wisdom is somewhat reflected through freeman  s massive talent as an actor . he is the kind of god who takes his job very seriously  but in such a way as to advise his followers  as well as the viewers of this movie  that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual labor in life . i love his line that some of the happiest people in the world come home smelling to high heaven at the end of the day . there are a lot of people in the world  maybe more than our share in america  who are so absorbed by their money and their possessions and their jobs and everything that they completely lost touch with the natural side of themselves as humans .  br    br   one of the biggest strengths is that the movie is able to provide great advice to people in general about improving their lives  and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewer  s religion . i  for example  tend to reject organized religion in all forms and i see god and satan to be metaphors for different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than actual figures who ever lived or continue to live . but despite the fact that i don  t believe that god exists as an entity overseeing the universe or as a janitor dressed all in white who mops the floors of his downtown office in his spare time  i was able to appreciate the messages that were delivered in this movie .  br    br   jim carrey  s movies display this fantastic evolution that ties them all together and makes the newer ones look even better just because you can see how far he  s come . if you compare bruce almighty with movies like ace ventura  both of which i loved  by the way  or a lot of what he did before he got into film  it  s amazing how far he  s come . he has moved from cheesy tv comedy to cheesy comedic films to comedies that are truly intelligent and meaningful like this film as well as others like the truman show  man on the moon  and the majestic  easily one of his greatest films ever  . jim carrey has unmistakably moved from the cheesy comedy of his past to become one of the most important comic actors working today .  br    br   jennifer aniston also once again provides an excellent addition to the movie  as she did in the side  splitting office space  as bruce  s girlfriend  who becomes increasingly exasperated by bruce  s growing stress about his life as well as his negligence to ask her to marry him . there is definitely some low  brow comedy in the film that doesn  t really fit with the importance of the film  s meaning or the quality of the delivery  such as the dog reading the newspaper on the toilet and the whole monkey scene  but it was definitely pretty nice to see ace ventura  s friend spike make a cameo appearance . as stephen king very well knows  it  s always nice to see familiar characters . it  s almost like seeing family again .  br    br   bruce is endowed with the powers of god for a given period of time so that he can understand life a bit better  and he says a lot about himself when he uses the powers only for his own purposes rather than to help all of the people who pray to him . the thing i love about this is that  like i said before  religion is absent from my life  but i was able to watch this and learn a lot about myself as well by thinking about what kinds of things i would have done had i been endowed with such powers . the movie allows us to learn vicariously this way  which empowers the message even more .  br    br   the scenes that involve the news station are easily the funniest in the entire film  such as the scene when bruce loses his temper about the anchor position  the jimmy hoffa scene  who was conveniently buried with an original birth certificate and a complete set of dental records   the scene where bruce  s rival colleague is made to go nuts on camera  and my favorites  the ones at the beginning and the end involving the local bakery  s cooking . the movie has plenty of time for carrey to deliver some excellent jokes  such as when he says to god  who reveals that he  s the janitor  the proprietor  the electrician  etc  that his christmas parties must be real bashes  and to be careful about drinking  because on of him might need a ride home  i also loved the end when he says that behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes . a little too true  and as gallagher would add  behind every great man is also an amazed mother  in  law .  br    br   bruce almighty is one of the more memorable comedies to have come out for quite a while  and is probably the only directly religious that i can remember seeing that i am anxious to buy on dvd to add to my personal collection . it is a comedy written and performed in good taste  but with enough relatively low  brow humor to keep the kids entertained . this is a meaningful comedy for the whole family  which is becoming rarer and rarer these days . in a world that is about to be flogged with yet another american pie film and another scary movie  which are only scary because of their sheer barbarous idiocy   it  s nice to see that there are still people making comedies worth watching . don  t miss this one .  
as long as you go into this movie knowing that it  s terrible bad acting  bad  effects   bad story  bad . . . everything  then you  ll love it . this is one of my favorite  goof on  movies watch it as a comedy and have a dozen good laughs   
china o  brien       was an attempt to make cynthia rothrock a star in the united states . this golden harvet production was helmed by veteran director robert clouse . sadly he was either lucky with enter the dragon or he  s lost his touch because he  s not that great of a director . the only reason to watch this movie is to see the fighting skills of ms . rothrock and richard norton . if this movie was directed by corey yuen or hoi meng it could have been an action classic instead of a cheesy straight  to  video action flick .  br    br   china o  brien returns home to help out her dad . he  s having trouble with the local mob and he needs her help . so she returns home and restores order  with the help of two unlikely people  . but will they be enough to topple mister big and his evil cronies   br    br   if you  re a big cynthia rothrock fan then this movie  s catered for you . i only enjoyed the fighting scenes  everything else is rubbish . why didn  t raymond chow shell out a few shekels and hired a top notch action director   br    br   recommended .  
this one and  her pilgrim soul  are two of my favorite episodes in this new version of twilight zone . as i mentioned in my comment on the new series  there  s something lacking in this new series . maybe they emphasize too much the lesson that has to be learned . it  s a little bit more mawkish and sentimental than serling  s version . however  this episode can be considered as quite sentimental too . i think the appeal is that no matter what they do  the lovers can never unite . i remember i wasn  t surprised by the korean movie  il mare   later remade into  the lake house  . i think it  s because i saw this episode first so it ruined the impact of the later film .  
this a good episode of the new twilight zone that actually includes interesting ideas and clever stories  i note both of them are based on short stories  .  examination day  is set in the future  year unknown but at a point where they have cake candles that light themselves  huge tv  looking  phones  that double as numerous other entertaining machines and distributed only to those of a certain age . . . and the examination day  a point where    year  olds must undergo a government  required iq test . the kid is this story  dickie jordan  david mendenhall  is just celebrating his own   th birthday and is a smart kid  so is calm  even eager to take the test that he has seen friends pass easily and knows he will excel at based on his school grades . his parents  christopher allport and elizabeth norment   on the other hand  say he shouldn  t have used his birthday wish on getting a good score  and while their reason includes that they believe he  s capable and he should have no need to worry  it  s pretty obvious they are worried . i won  t give anything away in the ending  but i will say this  there  s a point where we get a glimpse of what  s to come as far ass why the test is such a heavy subject that evening  or another   his parents ask dickie whether he  d prefer to watch tv all night . by today  s standards  we  d be pleased he  d say he  d rather read and not just because there  s nothing worth watching . . . but why would his family ask this  the flavor of what  s encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a bit of the atmosphere from harrison bergenon  which i hear hasn  t received a great adaptation to the screen  . i only wish they could  ve provided an opening and closing narration to make this theme as powerful as the obsolete man was . i found it to be better than the short story it was based on . i haven  t read the one that  a message from charity  was based on  but would like to since it was interesting  a    year  ld boy  peter  robert duncan mcneill  is suffering a fever from unclean water  that has always been common in his massachusetts hometown . . . but he is able to see through the eyes of a young puritan woman suffering the same type of fever  charity payne   kerry noonann  who also finds herself able to experience what goes on around him . they both recover  especially since it  s common for that to happen in      but the connection doesn  t go away . charity is curious about the sights and sounds she records of     and they each enjoy each other  s company  especially peter  who has promoted grades in school enough to always have felt isolated from other students  even at the college he  s been staying in one place at . things take an unexpected turn  though  when charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who take her claims that the   colonies will breach from england as a sign of bewitchment  added to the fact that she was spared death from the fever  not so common in      . the two try to learn a way to save her . the ending is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touching . both segments of this episode include a lot of pain but both times  through a lesson  warning that sounds like something rod sterling would  ve cooked up and entertainment  make cheerful watching as reminders that friendship  love  and wisdom do a great deal . probably    of this has no theme  but somehow i think it all would have been approved by sterling  s crew .  
remember these two stories fondly and in the first  set in the not too distant future  we see a young boy preparing for examination day  the state i . q test . the boy is slightly puzzled as to his parents anxiety as some of his friends have already done it already and eventually goes off to do the test . upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why . the examiner smiles and tells him that it is just to make sure he tells the truth . the boy then asks  puzzled again  why wouldn  t he  it is later and the parents are sitting waiting worriedly by the screen when a message appears and declares that the state are sorry  but their son  s i . q level has exceeded the national quotient and ask politely would they like a private burial . a corker of a concluding scene  a message from charity was a heart warming story about a fluke mental connection between a girl from the past and a guy from the present . which pans out into a weird story of witchcraft accusations in the past and delving into the history pages in the present . a nice story with a heartwarming conclusion .  
you know how star trek fans flocked to all the star trek movies  even the really bad ones  why  to see their heroes in action one more time . that  s the way i feel about doc savage . i am a major fanatic for the character  and the prospect of seeing doc and his crew in an adventure was overwhelming . and the first   minutes of the film only heightened that feeling of anticipation . then they decided to crib elements from a number of doc adventures and throw them into this one movie  resulting in a somewhat disjointed film . there  s a lot of promise in here  diluted by a number of unfortunate choices  the music  the  camp  elements  etc .  but the spirit of doc is there  and that  s what those of us familiar with doc and his crew respond to . so  in my long  winded way  what i  m trying to say is that this is not a bad movie it  s just not as good as it should have been . and anyone who is a fan of superman  james bond  indiana jones  buckaroo banzai  and many other characters ought to check this movie out just to become familiar with the hero who provided inspiration for them all .  
it has said that the movies and baseball both thrived during the great depression . it appears that the grim realities of a nation caught up in the aftermath of this economic disaster created a need for occasional relief for the populace . a temporary escape could be found in the on going soap opera that is baseball .  br    br   likewise  an occasional excursion of  or  hours into the darkened auditoriums of the cinema . the presence of a radio in just about everyone  s house hold kept depression era america at once attuned to world  s events and provided many a drama and  especially  comedy shows for a pleasant interlude from harsh reality .  br    br   the literature of the time also flourished at all levels . the juvenile reading habits helped to create the comic book as we know it  what with all the fantastic characters and super exciting adventures . but the comic book just did not magically appear  all fully developed with all the colorful  color pages  all by itself . there were mediums that were ancestral to them . obviously  the newspaper comic strip was one parent  providing the visual  narrative method of story telling .  br    br   the other direct ancestor was the pulp magazine . the inexpensive  prose story publications that carried a great deal of stories of the same adventure characters in on going  though not necessarily serialized  tales . the pulp medium had been around for some decades and introduced us to edgar rice borrough  s tarzan and johnston mcculley  s zorro . the      s brought forth a bumper crop as feature characters like the shadow  the avenger  g   s battle aces and the spider  master of men all found their way to the news stands  among many others .  br    br   one other was doc savage  a full  blooded super hero of the written story the covers of the pulps had perhaps  the only  picture  of the hero . possessing extraordinary strength  super keen senses and a protean genius class intellect  doc was the prototype super hero .  br    br   he also assembled  of his former army buddies into a small  free lancing team of adventurers . each of them was an expert in a given field . so we had a top rated chemist  lawyer  construction engineer  electrical engineer  geologist  archaeologist  paleontologist  etc .  br    br   the doc savage stories were very popular in the      s and     s  and were published into the middle     s . then they went into a hiatus for a good      years . then the brainstorm came about to repackage the old novels in new  container   the paperback book . a fresh look to the cover art was introduced  featuring a highly stylized series of paintings of a very muscular doc  with a perpetually ripped shirt .  br    br   the re  introduction proved to be highly successful  with the publication of a title a month  and for a while more  . soon  there was a rumor of a doc savage movie  but when  by what producer  well  the venerable  man of bronze  was back on the news stands for over   years before any real project got put together . it was veteran stop  action animator and producer of top special effects films  geoprge pal  who did the film along with warner brothers .  br    br   when doc savage  man of bronze arrived in the movie houses  it boasted of a well casted team of actors  albeit a largely  no name  as far familiarity with the viewers . with former tarzan of tv  ron ely  s nearly perfect casting in the lead  up and coming beauty of a starlette  pamela hensley in the female lead and veteran character paul wexler  as the villainous  captain seas   no other name would have been recognized . and  just maybe that was a plus in this case .  br    br   the story does a fine job of both getting most of the audience acquainted with the incredible group and at the same time get a plot going . use of narration  by paul frees  and short film clips are the method pursued to move the introduction along to the main body of the story .  br    br   from the very start  there are hints that this story will go with the same sort of manufactured  camp  humor as the batman tv series . some really great looking early scenes involving doc and the whole crew doing their individual specialties are thrown toward humor by the paul frees narration and the unexpected  unlikely outcomes .  for example  an experiment of doc  s with a miniature rocket  missile turns out to be part of a method of catching fish  a small one at that .  the whole story unfolds like that  hitting the viewer with a little  camp  every so often  as to keep reminding us not to take it too seriously . we are also puzzled about mr . george pal  s being the producer  his last  . he who had been so well known for special effects  surely a factor that could be put to good use in a sci  fi action setting of the pulp character  s world .  br    br   i can remember seeing it quite vividly . mrs . ryan  deanna  was in the hospital  just having given birth to our  nd child  michelle           . our older girl  jennifer  was visiting her grandmother  so after visiting hours were over in the maternity ward  it was straight over to the old marquette theatre    rd  kedzie  here in chicago .  br    br   having seen it and being a guy with a good familiarity with doc  i was sort of let down by the final product . i could accept a little of this  camp  business  but would not have objected if mr . pal would have seen fit to let it all hang out and have some real neat dinosaurs and volcanoes to give it all a little more pulp  comic  serial type excitement .  br    br   and yet  the cast  headed  up by mr . ely and the others  made the whole film likable  if not lovable . the sets and locations were  as far as we can see  very much like those of a     s serial or adventure flick which would be enjoyable to about anyone .  br    br   and maybe that  s just what they were trying for with this doc savage  man of bronze .  
having read many of the other reviews for this film on the imdb there is ostensibly a consensus amongst purists that this film is nothing like the books upon which it is based . upon this point i cannot comment  having never actually read any of the protagonists adventures previously . however  what i can say with certainty  is that it strikes me that many of the said reviewers must have surely undergone a sense of humour bypass let  s be honest here  this film is just so much fun   br    br   ok . . so i must concede the point that the film apparently is not representative of the character  s but let  s put this into a clear perspective . . do the same individuals who are carping on about this film also bemoan the fact that the classic      s batman series does not remain faithful to the original dc comic book character  or perhaps is there still unrest in same persons that the     film version of flash gordon was too much of a departure from the original series   br    br   the point is  yes this film is incredibly camp but that  s precisely its charm   br    br   former tarzan  ron ely plays the eponymous hero in this  and bears more than a passing resemblance to gary busey to boot   and is backed up by a great supporting cast who all look to be having a ball with their respective roles . also look out for a very brief but highly welcome appearance by horror movie favourite michael berryman .  br    br   best scene  far too many to choose from but check out the hilarious facial expressions adopted by the waiter when savage and his men commit the ultimate faux pas of ordering coke  lemonade and milk at a formal occasion  also the often noted scene near the end of the film wherein savage tackles his nemesis captain seas utilising various martial arts disciplines which are labelled on screen   priceless   br    br   simply put  the film doesn  t take itself at all seriously and is all the more fun for it . great fun from start to finish   and you  ll be singing the john phillip sousa adapted theme song for days afterwards guaranteed    
this series is set a year after the mission to abydos in the movie stargate . it explains a lot of the stuff that the movie neglected to mention . such as  how was the stargate activated without a human computer  where did the goa  uld  ra  s race  come from  how many are there   br    br   the first episode has a retired jack o  neill  spelled with  ls  recalled to active duty by general george hammond due to an attack by the shut down stargate from apophis  a powerful goa  uld who killed four men and kidnapped one woman . we meet samantha carter  a brilliant scientist who claims that she should have gone through the stargate the first time  and is determined to go through now . we find out that daniel got married on abydos  and that there are hundreds of gate addresses that they can dial . then daniel  s wife gets captured by apophis and becomes his new queen .  br    br   it continues in the second episode where general hammond announces the formation of the sgc which includes nine teams  in which jack  s team will be sg   which consists of jack  samantha and daniel . they go to chulak  a goa  uld homeworld to rescue daniel  s wife and another one captured at abydos named ska  ra . they get captured  and just as apophis gives the order to kill them and many other prisoners  a jaffa named teal  c  first prime of apophis  saves them and goes to earth with them  where he is made part of sg   .  br    br   that was only the beginning of the adventure . in the course of the show they have gone to the past and future  gotten transported to alternate realities  swapped bodies  grown old  met alien races which include a rebel alliance of goa  uld called the tok  ra  in which samantha  s dad becomes a member  the asgard  a cute little race in which we see thor most often  he  s jack  s buddy   and avoid global disaster by the skin of their teeth countless times .  br    br   the show was recently canceled  but lasted ten seasons . in season nine  a new enemy called the ori came in flaunting brand new powers  new dangers and bringing to light new mysteries surrounding the stargate and its creators  the ancients . season nine and ten also saw the introduction to two new characters  ben browder as cameron mitchell  the new leader of sg   and claudia black as vala maldoran  a female human from another world who brings a new sense of fun to the team .  br    br   very well  produced  interesting characters  fantastic special effects and a subtle love interest between samantha and jack  this one has it all . a different way of travelling the galaxy  and different kinds of adventures  this is one show you don  t want to miss . unlock the gate and step through . you won  t regret it   
possible spoilers  br    br   i recently watched this movie with my   year old son and was pleased to see that he laughed in the right places and was thrilled by the action sequences . ron ely is just right as doc . cool  calm  almost always in control  and with an occasional twinkle in his eye  . what more can one ask for  i have never read a doc savage book  so i don  t know if it is faithful to the source but i enjoyed the light tone and derring  do . many people have compared this movie to raiders of the lost ark  which i don  t think is fair . the difference in budget is astounding  raiders must have at least   times the budget  . doc savage does not have the extensive location work that raiders has . special effects are also at a minimum but come on people  the story is a lot of fun and the humor is just right . the sousa music is catchy  love that theme song  every time i watch the film  i end up humming the theme for days  . the best way to approach this film is to just relax and enjoy . highlights include the exciting opening sequence where the fabulous five and doc chase the indian sniper throughout the rooftops of new york and the very funny fight sequence between doc and captain seas . not as good is the villain who sleeps in a giant crib  really   . overall a great movie to watch on a rainy day . i give it  out of   .  br    br   doc savage  doc savage . . . thank the lord he  s here   
most people miss hollywood  s point of concept . if a hero can stimulate heroic deeds to the mind of a child  within the confines of the law then i  approve of the lessons being taught by doc savage .  br    br   in all times of conflict or war  the public and government look for heroes to decorate . the motion picture industry brings heroes to the screen for people to identify with  such as doc savage  james bond  superman  batman  spiderman and others . doc savage is remembered by more than one generation as being the  best of the best  before james bond  superman or any of the others . all others that follow doc savage are only a part of the character  not the  man of bronze  .  
the problem is that the movie rode in on the coattails of the    s  created concept that comic books could only be done as  camp   i . e .  the    s batman show  for tv and movie . thus you have combat sequences with subtitles  come on    a cluelessly unromantic doc savage  he was uncomfortable around women in the pulps  not an idiot   monk mayfair in a nightsheet  a scene guaranteed to give you nightmares for several nights   and the totally hokey ending with the secondary bad guy encased in gold like a herve villechez posing for an oscar statute . and when they  re not doing booming sousa march scores  the tinkly little  funny  music undercuts much of the drama .  br    br   even as such  this movie is . . . okay . it  s fun  and when it stays serious it  s a very accurate representation of the pulps . except for monk  as has been mentioned before he  s hugely muscled  not obese . and long tom  who is supposed to be a pale scrawny guy with an attitude  not paul gleason with an  inexplicable  scarf .  br    br   the green death sequences  for instance  are remarkably gruesome and not something i  d recommend for children . but they are very close to the feel of the pulps . when the writers and producers get it right  they do get it right  i  ll give them that .  br    br   but if the producers had done doc with the loving care and scripting of  say  reeves  first two superman movies  think what we might have had then . i think the problem is the movie  s schizophrenic . there  s a definite sense of trying to do a    s homage  but they  re also trying to give in to the  heroes must be camp  attitude that batman created . one gets the impression there was a sober  pulp  style first draft and then someone came in and said   hey  let  s make it funny  it worked with the batman show  years ago    br    br   but doc lives on  thanks to earl macrauch and buckaroo banzai . if macrauch ain  t doing a homage to doc savage in that movie  the man is truly demented . so when the series actually gets on tv  allegedly mid  season in         doc savage  updated to the    s  will live once more .  
this is a very entertaining movie . a few of the reviews that i have read on this forum have been written by people who  apparently  think that the film was an effort at serious drama . it was not made that way . . . . it is an extremely enjoyable film  performed in a tongue in cheek manner . all of the actors are obviously having fun while entertaining us . the fight sequences are lively  brisk and  above all  not gratuitous . the so  called  green death   utilized on a couple of occasions  is not  as i read in one review   gruesome  . a couple of reviewers were very critical of the martial arts fight between doc and seas near the end of the film . hey  lighten up . . . again  i remind one and all that this is a fun film . each phase of this  fight  was captioned  which added to the fun aspect . the actors were not trying to emulate bruce lee or jackie chan . this is not one of those martial arts films . ron ely looks great in this film and is the perfect choice to play doc . another nice touch is the unique manner in which the ultimate fate of the  bad guy   seas  is dealt with . i promise you that if you don  t try to take this film very seriously and simply watch it for the entertainment value  you will spend    minutes in a most enjoyable manner .  
outragously entertaining period piece set in the   s  it is a spin on the classic cliffhanger series  as much as  raiders of the lost ark   only done on a low budget and much campier by director michael anderson . the opening scenes laces liberal amount of gothic art nuveau  predating batman by two decades . starring ron ely  tarzan  as a perfectly cast hero and the gorgeous pamela hensley as the local latina mona tagging on to our hero on a goldhunt in the non  existent latin american country of hidalgo . best line  our hero to mona  holding a fist to her chin just as you expect him to be tender with her and give her a hug  mona  you  re a brick    br    br   paul wexler  s ham  and  cheese blackhat  captain seas is a an absolute delight . expect a little  raiders . .   a dash of  batman   a little  the lost world   a little  lost horizons  and a whole lot of campiness and you  ll get it just right . watch out for cult favorite michael berryman in a small part as undertaker and enjoy the campy use of john philip sousa  s patriotic music . a prime candidate for dvd release  it is certainly overdue . an unmissable treat for the whole family .      
i was brought up on doc savage  and was petrified by the green death as a child but even then as now  i found it thoroughly entertaining . i have made countless friends and colleagues watch this film and have been most amused by the diversity of reactions  granted they mostly think i  m odd but there you are .  i don  t know what it is about the doc  but he always gets the girls  has to be the ultimate line when you look at his sad band of men . this film is a classic spoof on all the super hero genre  and was way before it  s time  it is not to be taken seriously  move over austin powers . ron ely is a god . it is unfortunate that this film hasn  t been released on dvd in the uk . i don  t think it should be remade and bastardised  like i said it  s a classic  it cannot be done without ron .  like the italian job without mini  s and michael caine  . i give it      .  
we so often talk of cinema landmarks  kane  the godfather  a bout de souffle . one film however is too often overlooked by  serious  film critics . i am talking of course about the classic doc savage  m . o . b .   br    br   this film is not only exciting but also seriously explores the issue of exploitation of the developing nations by us imperialism . not to mention kung  fu .  br    br   it also possessed the greatest soundtrack in film history  until of course queen  s breathtaking work on flash gordon  . although a bit of a rarity  this film is well worth seeking out  it will repay the effort of your search ten  fold .  
given the title  this first follow  up to quartet       obviously reduces the number of w . somerset maugham stories which comprise the film . the author still turns up to introduce the episodes  but there  s no epilogue this time around by the way  while the script of the original compendium gave sole credit to r . c . sheriff  here maugham himself also lent a hand in the adaptation  as well as noel langley  though it  s unclear whether they contributed one segment each or else worked in unison  . as can be expected  much of the crew of quartet has been retained for the second installment  though this also extends to at least three cast members  namely naunton wayne  wilfrid hyde  white and felix aylmer  the last two had bit parts in the episode from quartet entitled the colonel  s lady  . while trio ultimately emerges to be a lesser achievement than its predecessor  slightly unbalanced by the third story which takes up more than half the running  time   it  s still done with the utmost care  acted with verve by a stellar cast and is solidly enjoyable into the bargain .  br    br   the verger tells of a church sexton  james hayter   for which the story  s title is another word  who  s dismissed after   years of service by the new parish priest  michael hordern  simply because he  s illiterate . rather than rest on his laurels  despite his age  he not only takes a wife  his landlady  played by kathleen harrison  but opens a tobacconist shop strategically placed in a lengthy stretch of road where no such service is offered  and  with business flourishing  this is developed into a whole chain . the last scene  then  sees him pay a visit to bank manager felix aylmer who  not only is surprised to learn of hayter  s lack of education  but is prompted to ask him what his other interests were  to which the wealthy  and respected  tobacconist replies  with some measure of irony  that he had the calling to be a verger   br    br   the second episode  mr . know  all  is the shortest but also perhaps the most engaging a voyage at sea is utterly beleaguered by the insufferable presence of a pompous young man  nigel patrick   british despite his foreign  sounding name of kelada  who professes to be an authority on virtually every subject under the sun . naunton wayne and wilfrid hyde  white are the two passengers who have to put up with him the most  the latter because he shares a cabin with the man and the former in view of patrick  s attentions to his pretty wife  anne crawford  . during a fancy  dress party  however  the passengers decide to enact their revenge  on kelada by having one of them impersonate him  a jest which he naturally doesn  t appreciate    still  it  s here that he contrives to show a decent side to his character  told by crawford that the necklace she  s wearing is an imitation  wayne challenges patrick to name its pricebut the latter realizes immediately that it  s the genuine article and that this would compromise crawford  s position if he were to tell  so kelada allows himself to be publicly ridiculed rather than expose the fact that the woman probably has a secret admirer   br    br   as can also be deduced from the title  sanatorium deals with the myriad patients at such a place  run by andre  morell the protagonist is a new intern  roland culver  who wistfully observes the various goings  on . the narrative  in fact  highlights in particular three separate strands of plot  one humorous  the feud  between two aged scots long resident at the sanatorium  played by finlay currie and john laurie   one melodramatic  the erratic relationship between disgruntled patient raymond huntley and long  suffering but devoted wife betty ann davies  and one bittersweet  the romance between nave but charming jean simmons and dashing cad michael rennie which  in spite of having pretty much everything against it including the fact that morell has diagnosed simmons as a lifer  while rennie only has a few years left to him  leads the couple to the altar  .  
the makers have chosen the best people for the job  and set the scene wonderfully . every interior is full of detail that tells you all about the people who live in it . whether the period is the   s  the first story   the present  ie      for the middle story  or the     s  the last   costumes and settings are lovingly observed and created . i love the fussy costumes of the two old ladies in the sanatorium  exquisite lace overlaid by the finest shetland shawls . roland culver as ashenden is very appealing  but never mind the soppy young lovers  it  s raymond huntley as the man who resents his wife  s health and independence who harrows our emotions . he usually played comical  pompous types  but here he is subtle and convincing and very impressive . the china seas  great   s film starring gable and harlow  stole the plot from the mr know all episode  and also nicked a story by kipling  . i wish we saw more of naunton wayne as the jealous husband  though he has a good moment looking melancholy in a mexican hat . i love that posh bird who plays his wife  too .  
trio  s vignettes were insightful and quite enjoyable . it was curious seeing so many soon to be famous actors when they were very young . the performances and attention to detail were wonderful to watch .  br    br   observation . in film it isn  t necessary that source material be in alignment with the contemporary era to be interesting or worthwhile .  small morality  storytelling is quaint  or coy  only in the eye of the beholder   thankfully . story content   well told   can overcome it  s time  subject or place .  br    br   ironically  there are quite a few contemporary films today that have not overcome the conventions or cutting edge mores of the present era . inserting  small morality  content   occasionally   might provide a dimension lacking .  
a message movie  but a rather good one . outstanding cast  top to bottom . interesting in that bette davis  s plot line is essentially back story  the extremely negative reviews  name throwing at the screenplay  playwright  associating this somehow with extremely negative comments about  angles in america   etc . etc .  object to the movie being too preachy about germany in wwii . gosh  that is just a bit too sophisticated an understanding of morality for me .  br    br   theatrical and movie  making  and acting styles vary over time and of course   years later this particular movie would not be made in this way . yes casablanca is a better movie  i guess   but although made in the same year and both having nazis in them  casablanca is primarily a love story . the love story in this movie takes second seat to the spy plot   more of a thriller . both have a rather large number of somewhat cheesy accents and wonderful character actors . the children are a bit tedious and could have been edited  
this is actually a trilogy of  of somerset maugham  s short tales . the first one is the verger  which is about   minutes long and very enjoyable . after   years albert foreman is laid off from his church job because he can  t read nor write . so what does he do  opens a tobacco shop  of course   br    br   the second is mr . know  all which was actually a story i had read for school  years ago and instantly forgotten  until i heard the familiar introduction . another   minute one  and also very good . it worked better on film than in a book for me  but then perhaps that  s because i was only   the last time  afterall .  br    br   the  rd one is nearly a let  down . almost an hour in length  it simply drags . it  s not all that bad  but not as quick and snappy as the last  . i watched the first quarter hour of it and then skipped forward to the last quarter hour  and found that it still made sense and really i hadn  t missed a thing   br    br   overall i give them     and  out of    respectively .  
made after quartet was  trio continued the quality of the earlier film versions of the short stories by maugham . here the three stories are the verger  mr . know  it  all  and sanitorium . the first two are comic  the verger is like a prolonged joke  but one with a good pay  off   and the last more serious  as health issues are involved  . again the author introduces the film and the stories .  br    br   james hayter  soon to have his signature role as samuel pickwick  is the hero in the verger . he holds this small custodial  type job in a church  but the new vicar  michael hordern  is an intellectual snob . when he hears hayter has no schooling he fires him . hayter has saved some money  so he tells his wife  kathleen harrison  he fancies buying a small news and tobacco shop . he has a good eye  and his store thrives . soon he has a whole chain of stores . when his grandchild is christened by hordern  the latter is amazed to see how prosperous his ex  verger . the payoff is when bank manager felix aylmer meets with hayter about diversifying his investments . i  ll leave it to you to hear the unintentional but ironic coda of the meeting .  br    br   according to maugham he met a man like max kelada  nigel patrick  on a cruise . in mr . know  it  all kelada is a splashy  friendly  and slightly overbearing type from the middle east who is on a business trip  regarding jewelry  by steamship . his state  room mate is mr . grey  the ever quiet and proper wilfred hyde  white  who is somewhat  silently disapproving of max . max likes to enliven things  and soon is heavily involved in the ship  s entertainment . at this point the story actually resembles part of the plot of the non  maugham story and film china seas        as max makes a bet that he can tell a real piece of jewelry from a fake  after insisting that a piece of jewelry he spotted is real  . i won  t describe the way max rises to the occasion .  br    br   sanitorium is the longest segment . roland culver plays  ashenden   the fictional alter  ego of maugham  a writer and one time spy as in hitchcock  s the secret agent  . here he has to use a sanitorium for a couple of months for his health . he finds a remarkable crew of people  including jean simmons as a frail but beautiful young woman  finlay currie as an irascible scotsman  john laurie as a second irascible scotsman who is  at war  with currie  raymond huntley as a quiet patient who only shows his internal anger at his situation when his wife shows up  and michael rennie as a young man who has a serious life threatening illness . culver watches as three stories among these characters play out to their conclusions . the last  dealing with simmons and rennie  is ironic but deeply moving .  br    br   it was a dandy follow  up to the earlier quartet  and well worth watching .  
wilhelm grimm  alexander knox  stands trial for nazi crimes . three witnesses give evidence  father warecki  henry travers   wilhelm  s brother karl  erik rolf  and wilhelm  s former lover marja  marsha hunt   before wilhelm speaks in his own defense . the film ends after the court sums up . . . .  br    br   the film is told in three flashback segments as each of the witnesses takes the stand . the story is mostly set in a small polish village and memorable scenes include the village reaction to the death of anna  shirley mills   who wilhelm is accused of raping the treatment of the jewish villagers as they prepare to be moved to concentration camps and the church service where willie grimm  richard crane  denounces his nazi upbringing whilst mourning for his girlfriend janina  dorothy morris   marja  s daughter  after she has been shot at a brothel .  br    br   throughout the film  knox is unrepentant and is very convincing as a bitter  resentful and evil man . martha hunt has some powerful moments and matches him with her strength and henry travers is also very good in his role as a priest . this film delivers an effective story that stays with you once it has finished .  
this was a wonderful little american propaganda film that is both highly creative and openly discusses the nazi atrocities before the entire extent of the death camps were revealed . while late     and into     would reveal just how evil and horrific they were  this film  unlike other hollywood films to date  is the most brutally honest film of the era i have seen regarding nazi atrocities .  br    br   the film begins in a courtroom in the future   after the war is over  the film was made in       the war ended in may       . in this fictitious world court  a nazi leader is being tried for war crimes . wilhelm grimm is totally unrepentant and one by one witnesses are called who reveal grimm  s life since     in a series of flashbacks . at first  it appears that the film is going to be sympathetic or explain how grimm was pushed to join the nazis . however  after a while  it becomes very apparent that grimm is just a sadistic monster . these episodes are amazingly well done and definitely hold your interest and also make the film seem less like a piece of propaganda but a legitimate drama .  br    br   all in all  the film does a great job considering the film mostly stars second  tier actors . there are many compelling scenes and performances   especially the very prescient jewish extermination scene towards the end that can  t help but bring you close to tears . it was also interesting how around the same point in the film there were some super  creative scenes that use crosses in a way you might not notice at first . overall  it  s a must  see for history lovers and anyone who wants to see a good film .  br    br   fyi   this is not meant as a serious criticism of the film  but hitler was referred to as  that paper hanger  . this is a reference to the myth that hitler had once made money putting up wallpaper . this is in fact not true   previously he  d been a  starving artist   homeless person and served well in the german army in wwi . a horrible person  yes  but never a paper hanger   
never viewed this film until recently on tcm and found this story concerning poland and a small town which had to suffer with the nazi occupation of the local towns just like many other european cities for example norway . the first world war was over and people in this town were still suffering from their lost soldiers and the wounded which war always creates . alexander knox   wilhelm gimm   gorky park  returns from the war with a lost leg and was the former school teacher in town . he was brought up a german and was not very happy with the polish people and they in turn did not fully accept him either . as the hitler party grew to power wilhelm grimm desired to become a nazi in order to return and punish this small polish town for their treatment towards him which was really all in his mind . marsha hunt   marja pacierkowski    chloe  s prayer   played an outstanding role as a woman who lost her husband and was romantically involved with whilhelm gimm . there are many flashbacks and some very real truths about how the nazi destroyed people  s families and their entire lives . the cattle cars are shown in this picture with jewish people heading to the nazi gas chambers . if you have not seen this film  and like this subject matter  give it some of your time this film is very down to earth for a     film and a story you will not forget too quickly .  
the only reason i give this movie an  out of   is because there are few movies  in my opinion  that are perfect . this little b picture is a taut story  well told . i  ve always been intrigued by alexander knox  but have seen him very few movies . here he plays wilhelm grimm  a sad little man who turns into a monster . he betrays everything and everybody without an ounce of remorse . the performance is one of the most chilling performances i  ve ever seen . since world war   actors who played nazis or other evil types in films have occasionally been nominated for oscars . i imagine that since this was made during the war  the academy felt like honoring a performance like this would have been like honoring evil . but knox puts in that kind of performance   a man so bitter and consumed by guilt that he thinks nothing of making others suffer . i still can  t get over it .  br    br   marsha hunt  who usually plays the filbert gibbet or social butterfly  is cast against type in probably the best performance i  ve ever seen her give  too . maybe not oscar worthy  but the best of her career . nothing against her i have enjoyed her in those  slight  roles she often played . but here she proves she up to the task of heavier drama .  br    br   if you like human drama stories  or stories about the fates of those who suffered at the hands of the nazis  i highly recommend this fine little film .  
this one is tough to watch   as an earlier reviewer says . that is amazing considering the terrible films that came out right after wwii   particularly the  liberation  of dachau . it is clear that  as of the middle of the war  we knew exactly what was happening to the jews . the sequence that shows a  transport  is vivid  almost as if based upon an actual newsreel  the nazis liked to record their atrocities  . knox as the nazi is brilliant . he charts the course of a nazi career . that charting is particularly telling when contrasted with the reactions of other germans  at first laughing at hitler  then incredulous  and finally helpless . that contrast  however  permits us to believe in the  conversion  of one young nazi officer to an anti  nazi stance . that did happen  as witness the several attempts against hitler  most notably the staffenberg plot which occurred as this film was coming out . a strong film  effectively using flashbacks  accurately predicting the nuremburg trails and others that would occur once the war ended .  
this movie was extremely funny  i would like to own this for my vintage collection of     s movie must see again list  i know this cast of characters  they are people that i have met over the years and that prompt me to search out this comedy  unfortunately this was never put to dvd or vhs . redd foxx always a clown of comedy  pearl baily a great match as his wife witty and sassy  norman a son with a secret not sure if he will have a future if it is out  dennis dugan crazy funny man . miss dobson hooker with a heart and little conscience . love  lust  strange family ties this movie qualifies for a come back encore performance  situation comedy with a mix of events as this could and should find its way as a remake  i do think finding cast would be extremely difficult maybe impossible  except jerry seinfeld playing dennis dugan role  this earmarks a couple of seinfeld episodes that also brought me back to norman is that you  keeping them in the closest was surely impossible as impossible to reform pretend hooker girl friend and infidelity of a parent . this movie was a wild ride advise of a cabbie  remind me of episode kramer takes advice of his caddie over his lawyer .  episode from seinfeld  the parents have there jaw dropping moment  fun over fun it is screaming bring me back .  
norman  is that you  was  this is all third hand  so take it with a grain of salt  adapted to an african american family from a jewish one  when it made the transition off stage and onto screen . also  it was one of those movies originally filmed in video  so the prints from the theater can  t have been that great . still  performances by redd foxx and others were pretty good .  br    br   what i wanted to tell you all is that the movie is a period piece it reflected the attitudes in the mid to early   s about finding out you have a gay son or daughter in your family . for that reason alone  it  s pretty interesting  if not a little  hollywood  . don  t believe me  check out lines about curtains  etc . very stereotypical . not too deep .  br    br   but . . . the movie really shines in a couple of areas . there is a side splitting scene when redd foxx is trying to find his wife  who  s run away with his brother    to ensenada in a souped up pinto . the phone conversation across the border is really memorable .  br    br   but . . . the best scene in the movie is when wayland flowers and madame did his  their gay routine that he used to do in gay bars and nightclubs . to the best of my knowledge  this is the only time that routine was filmed . and  it  s a slightly cleaned up and much shorter version  i  m told . still  it  s vintage madame  and shouldn  t be missed . people are still stealing lines from wayland the man was truly gifted . enjoy the movie   
i saw a trailer for this on afro promo  the collection of movie trailers for movies featuring african  americans . it looked like what it is a highly tendentious  wacky  comedy in which an uptight black man realizes that his son is gay . it would seem that redd foxx  s  rf  wife has left him for his brother  who works with him at  the store  back in phoenix . he has taken the bus to visit his son norman is los angeles .  br    br   so as rf arrives  norman  wearing nothing but powder  blue bikini shorts  gets out of his waterbed to answer the door . trying to buy time by making his elderly father take the stairs to what appears to be the   th floor  norman tries to wake his lover  who steadfastly refuses to budge . it was just to the point where i wrote  why won  t he wake up   when suddenly he does  and me and my friend  s jaws dropped for the first of many times as we are presented with our first glimpse of the blue  eyed  swirl  hairdoed garson  norman  s white live  in lover  who just  had the most faaaaaabulous dream  garson is a flaming queen of a type that can only be imagined as emerging from     l . a . he has dresses and a purse and big clunky jewelry  and seems to have modeled both his look and persona on carol brady from the brady bunch .  br    br   norman orders his lover to find somewhere else to stay during his father  s visit . garson goes to stay with waylon flowers  and madam answers the phone when norman calls .  br    br   so rf attempts to reach his wife in mexico . while he is on the phone  garson comes in to pack his dress and rf confronts him . with a burst of   s soul music meant to evoke his dawning revelation  but sounding more like we  re about to hear a very special track by the emotions   he realizes that his son is gay .  br    br   his first impulse is  i  ll kill him . i  ll kill him .  then rf goes on a long walk  wherein he cycles through all of the thoughts a confused parent might have  such as  maybe we toilet trained him too soon .  his thoughts are all triggered by something he sees on his walk  for instance a burly truck driver appearing just as he is contemplating what makes a real man . surprisingly  he goes to a bookstore and buys about eight books on homosexuality . this  it must be said  is about eight more books on homosexuality than my parents bought . he then goes straight to a park bench and reads them all   br    br   rf then hires audrey  a six  foot amazon prostitute  in this amazing fur thing  played by tamara dobson of cleopatra jones . he hired her for norman to try out heterosexuality  but this pisses norman and he storms out to go stay with his friend melody .  br    br   then garson comes over and offers to take rf out for the night . he commiserates over the loss of rf  s wife  and tells the tale of his own mother  who harbors an irrational prejudice against pilippinos because  she was molested at a luau .  they attend a long featured performance of wayon and madam  which culminates in madam violently bashing her head against the piano until her hair comes loose . once more  mouths were agape .  br    br   so it seems that  wouldn  t ya just know it  rf and garson have a wonderful evening together  you see  staid  traditional older black men just have to see the crappy  highly  effeminate entertainment of mega  queens in order to come around to all the gay world has to offer  it  s really just that simple  this still does not prevent rf from yelling  rape   when garson wakes him from a bad dream . it ends less predictably than you  d think .  br    br   there was so much that was just off . what is the basis of norman and garson  s relationship  they don  t seem to have any rapport  and norman has no qualms whatsoever about kicking garson out  and even when he comes around to stand up for himself  he never defends garson or talks about their relationship . there were some kind of sweetly quaint touches like rf going to buy all those books on homosexuality  and sitting right down on the park bench to read them  i like the idea that a parent would actually try to find something out about homosexuality  rather than just run off to get drunk or commiserate with his friends .  br    br   other than that  it  s kind of just what it seems like a little relic of a bygone era  an era in which some gay people thought that if uptight straight people just sat down and watched a drag marionette performance  we could all learn to love and understand one another  and because of the whole naivet of this thing  the extreme stereotypes and message  laden dialogue just come off as charmingly outdated  and provide a great deal of grist for discussion on how things have changed for gays in the past   years . i guess the only thing that seems offensive is the idea that gays  female friends are desperately in love with them  and are willing to get them drunk in order to sleep with  and by extension convert  them .  br    br         hey  check out cinema de merde  my website on bad and cheesy movies  with a few good movies thrown in  . you can find the url in my email address above .  
say what you will about schmaltz . one beauty of this film is that it is not pro  american . it is a morality about some americans being called to high purpose and how they rose to the occasion . it is inspiring because it is about people of noble purpose .  br    br   to me  the most interesting part of the film is the education of fanny and david farrelly  bette davis  mother and brother  . as fanny says   we  ve been shaken out of the magnolias .   br    br   in today  s political climate where  led by a president who shamelessly lied to us and used     to bring out the absolute worst characteristics of human beings  we sunk to the level of the     murderers to seek blood  thirsty vengeance . it can  t all be blamed on mr . bush  after all  we allowed him to lead us in that direction and even re  elected him after his lies had been exposed . now  with complete justification  we americans are reviled throughout the world .  br    br   today  we watch this film with a new awareness that the rise to power of nazis in germany was not due to a flaw in the german character  but  a flaw in human beings that allows us to rationalize anything that will justify our committing immoral and heinous acts . i  m not comparing george bush to adolph hitler . but  i am pointing out how a leader can whip us up into a frenzy of terror  hatred  and hyper  nationalism to do despicable things .  br    br   sadly  the blackmailer  who will do whatever needs to be done for his own agrandizement  no matter how immoral  is most like the leaders of our country  those who support them  and those who have buried their heads so deep in the sand  that they can  t even be bothered to vote .  br    br   a film like watch on the rhine reminds us of what we once aspired to be  a force for the betterment of humanity  and that we have it in us to once again aspire to lofty goals .  br    br   geoff  
even though this movie came out a year before i was born  it is definetely one of my favorite comedies . it stars redd foxx as a father who tries to understand his son  s homosexuality . like most parents  he doesn  t know a thing about what it means to be gay and has all of these stereotypical notions of what gay people are like . his son  norman  is now grown up and living on his own . when his father  ben  finds out that his son is gay  he pays his son a visit in hopes of changing him . the title comes from one of the funniest lines in the movie   when ben gets to norman  s apartments he runs into a female prostitute and thinks it  s his son in drag   norman . . . is that you    . the movie had me laughing from start to finish . redd foxx is great . although a lot of the content is stereotypical  i didn  t find anything offensive about the way the material was handled  and it even has a good ending . highly recommended .  
a genuine screaming situation comedy farce of the mid   s this film was a huge hit for about  minutes and disappeared off the face of the earth . i am constantly amazed at some comedy films that are a big release one week and then vanish high anxiety  the cheap detective  the black bird  don  t look now we  re being shot at . . . . . . . . . . and have no profile at all today . norman was the comedy of the month in whenever     and everyone seemed to see it  laugh about it and then never ever mention it ever again . famous for being shot on videotape and transferred to film  an experiment at the time  norman is a raucous politically incorrect closet slamming farce that the farrelly brothers should look at remaking today . if they had made it in the first place there would be no complaints about its content and slant either . it is very funny and yes very rude and hilariously all wrong . just as it should be . in fact as a groovy     film with all those horror colours and clothes it actually works better today .  
melvyn douglas once more gives a polished performance in which  this time  he inhabits the role of a detective who can  t place love before duty and adventure  and the warmly beautiful joan blondell  who  far from being illiterate  as one reviewer suggested  wrote a novel about her early life  is as enjoyable as ever as his ever  suffering sweetheart . it  s almost a screwball comedy  almost a thin man  type movie  almost a series  i guess  that didn  t quite make it to a sequel . it doesn  t quite reach classic status  but it has all the ingredients for a fun   minutes with an episodic but pacey script  fine character actors  and direction that keeps it all moving fast enough so that you nearly don  t notice that williams  douglas  isn  t exactly columbo when it comes to detecting . i wish there were more films like this .  
the  amazing mr . williams  stars melvyn douglas  who did five films in      one of which was ninotchka with garbo . his co  star was joan blondell  maxine   who also did five films that year  three of which they made together  douglas is lt . williams  and he and his co  horts are presented with a dead body  and they must figure out what really happened . viewers will recognize his co  workers  the actors  clarence kolb  donald macbride  don beddoe  always played positions of authority . . . senators  bank presidents  policemen . this who  dunnit has a flair of comedy to it   the policemen are always throwing jabs at each other  and even williams and his girlfriend are battling verbally . some fun gags  williams even takes the man they arrested along on a date with his girlfriend . there  s a lot of fun stuff in here  so get past the slow beginning and wait for the funnier stuff later on . don  t want to give away any spoilers  so you  ll have to catch it on turner classic movies . director alexander hall made mostly comedies  and was reportedly engaged to lucy at some point .  
melvyn douglas and joan blondell co  star in  the amazing mr . williams   a     mystery  comedy that  s quite good  although forgotten  probably due to the number of incredible films that came out in     .  br    br   douglas plays a talented police detective married to his job  while his girlfriend waits for a wedding that is constantly postponed . what happens in this film is no exception  he  s called to a murder scene just as he  s about to walk down the aisle yet again .  br    br   both stars were excellent at comedy  worked together well  and often   and help make this battle of the sexes fun . edward brophy and donald mcbride are on hand for excellent support .  br    br   as you can read in other reviews  melvyn douglas doesn  t make much of a woman .  br    br   entertaining if a little on the long side .  br    br   one of the comments here trashed melvyn douglas  one of our greatest actors . he literally floated effortlessly through dozens of films as the other man and the best friend before coming into his own in films as an old man . he wasn  t lazy  but rather  a very hard  working actor  who made it look easy  who had a broadway career simultaneously with his film career . he just wasn  t cast as a leading man in films or given very challenging roles under the studio system . i challenge anyone to see his devastating performances in  hud  and  i never sang for my father  and call him lazy or make reference to his smirk .  
the only other review of this movie as of this date really trashes the stars and the movie itself . i usually like to read the user comments to give me an idea of what to expect from a movie i don  t know much about . it  s unfortunate when there aren  t many comments for a certain tile  because when there is only one review and it unreasonably trashes the movie and cast  you don  t get an idea of what to expect . i read the review before watching this title and i don  t know where all the venom for this movie and the stars came from . douglas and blondell were both very talented and attractive people who usually delivered  even when the material was not the greatest . i found the movie and the performances fun and enjoyable . it isn  t one of the great all  time classics  but a pleasant and funny diversion  much more than you can hope for in most newer movies . if you are a fan of these stars  you will not be disappointed .  
what was there about     that helped produce so many excellent hollywood films  well  whatever it was  the magic may also be found in this columbia picture . it  s a long forgotten screwball comedy that turner classic movies has begun to show .  maltin  s movie book does not contain it .  in nearly every department  amazing mr . williams is a jewel .  br    br   it  s the story of a first  rate police detective who can never find the time to marry his intended . as the wedding bells are about to ring  he gets called to the scene of a murder . the lady in question has to learn the hard way not only to enjoy the pursuit of criminals but to belong to the police force . there are a lot of laughs in the process .  br    br   melvyn douglas proved again that he had few peers in light comedy . joan blondell was at the peak of her career and is a delight . edward brophy and donald mcbride are hilarious .  br    br   the film goes on a bit too long  but who cares  the screwball comedies are always able to entertain  and this film belongs right in there with the best .  
delightful minor film  juggling comedy and detective  romance and drama genres as nimbly as lt kenny williams  melvyn douglas  balances his devotion to his girl maxine carroll  joan blondell  and his duty to the force as an ace detective .  br    br   this hodge  podge may not appeal to all viewers today  but in its day  it had something to offer every member of the movie  going family  and the resolution to the rather tired feeling  versus  duty plot is original and refreshing  and well worth the wait .  br    br    the amazing mr . williams  contains what must be among the most outrageous blind dates in film history  and its bright comic repartee sparkles . ludicrously frocked  melvyn douglas delivers some of the best lines  i  d walk down main street in a turkish towel before i  d let any woman control my life   and the effervescent joan blondell lets her barbs fly with typical aplomb  good grief  you look like my aunt nellie    br    br   the crime  solving here is standard fare  although a fine cast of character actors helps bring the material to life .  br    br   from today  s vantage point   the amazing mr . williams  is perhaps most interesting for its insightful commentary on gender as a socially defined construct  all the more malleable for its seemingly rigid boundaries . while much of the gender commentary takes place in a superficial battle of the sexes  at times it is both subtle and penetrating  playing out not only in some of the finer details of the film  but in the battle of genres that reaches its culmination in the final scene .  
this movie is very good . the screenplay is enchanting . but meryl streep is most impressive . her performance is excellent . she brings me to go into the heart of her role .  
this is one of those movies that made me feel strongly for the need of making movies at all . generally speaking  i am a fan of movies based on worthy true stories . and this one is great  besides meryl  s performance which has gained a lot of recognition and praise  the movie  s greatest asset is the story it is based on . the riveting tale of a couple who suffer social and legal torture  after having undergone enormous emotional pain at the unexpected and brutal death of their infant child is really an eye  opening fable that exposes the inhumane side of fellow humans  and uncovers the barbarism of a very refined and lawful society . it is interesting to see how people who consider themselves as kind and intelligent people  the emotional jury ladies in the movie for example  are in reality nothing more than selfish dupes who would  for their dogmatic beliefs and prejudices  shut their brains to any deliberation and contemplation even in the light of all facts pointing very clearly against their opinions . the other face of the so  called  civilized  society that the movie exposes is the apathy to the pain of fellow human beings  needless to say  this is very general  even though this specific tale unfolds in australia   that goes as far as becoming a true cruelty . must see if you are willing to take something serious and perhaps thought  provoking .  
i think this movie was probably a lot more powerful when it first debuted in      though nowadays it seems a bit too preachy and static to elevate it to greatness . the film is set in       just before the entry of the us into the war . paul lukas plays the very earnest and decent head of his family . he  s a german who has spent seven years fighting the nazis and avoiding capture . bette davis is his very understanding and long  suffering wife who has managed to educate and raise the children without him from time to time . as the film begins  they are crossing the border from mexico to the usa and for the first time in years  they are going to relax and stop running .  br    br   the problem for me was that the family was too perfect and too decent   making them seem like obvious positive propaganda instead of a real family suffering through real problems . while this had a very noble goal at the time  it just seems phony today . in particular  the incredibly odd and extremely scripted dialog used by the children just didn  t ring true . it sounded more like anti  fascism speeches than the voices of real children . they were as a result extremely annoying   particularly the littlest one who came off  at times  as a brat . about the only ones who sounded real were bette davis and her extended american family as well as the scumbag romanian living with them  though he had no discernible accent  .  br    br   it  s really tough to believe that the ultra  famous dashiel hammett wrote this dialog  as it just doesn  t sound true to life . the story was based on the play by his lover  lillian hellman . and  the basic story idea and plot is good  . . . but the dialog is just bad at times . overall  an interesting curio and a film with some excellent moments  . . . but that  s really about all .  
i believe they were telling the truth the whole time . . u cant trust anything in the wild . . . they family went through hell . those poor boys too young to understand what was going on around them . but still having to deal with the rumours . as well as dealing with the lose of their little sister . i cant believe this case went on for so long . seems like the jury couldn  t see the truth  even if it bit them on the ass . i feel for this family  and if i could let them know i hate what has happened to them  i would . i have no idea what they went through  i cant even imagine it . after watching this movie  i was in tears  and had to check on my little girl in bed . . . i think everyone should watch this .  
when the chamberlain family is camping near ayers rock  australia  lindy chamberlain  meryl streep  sees her baby being dragged out of their tent by a dingo and then begins an ordeal that no one should have to experience . for it seems like the dingo story is not believed by the public or the press  and the whole thing turns into a circus . lindy doesn  t help matters either because she won  t play to the jury or courtroom  she  s only herself  and she  s a tough nut to crack  so of course everyone thinks she  s guilty because there  s a piece of evidence that hasn  t come to light . sam neill is excellent as michael chamberlain  a seventh  day adventist pastor  who has doubts about his faith and perhaps about his wife . it  s good  or bad  to see that people are just as prejudiced and stupid elsewhere as they are in the states too  because the australian public doesn  t believe the story and the media only fans the flames . eventually  lindy is found guilty and sent to prison for a life of hard labor  but years later  a missing piece of evidence shows up and she  s freed  but not until after the family  s life is basically ruined . a heart  breaking story  very well done  a bit long but well worth seeing .  out of   .  
religious bigotry is rampant everywhere . australia is not immune to it .  br    br   a dingo snatched a baby and the mother was tried and sent to prison for having  killed  her own baby . i don  t mean to spoil the story for you  but you need to know the basics before getting knee  deep in what caused this woman to find herself inside a prison .  br    br   buy or rent the movie and discover how deep  seated human hatred of those who are different continues to thrive around the globe .  br    br   this is a very moving motion picture with a terrific cast of actors .  br    br   both meryl streep  with her famous aussie accent  and sam neill  whose accent is his native  born pronunciation  are outstanding . those with supporting roles are also quite good .  br    br   you will remember this movie for many years .  br    br   see it   
this review contains spoilers for those who are not aware of the details of the true story on which this movie is based .  br    br   the right to be presumed  innocent until proven guilty  is a basic entitlement of anyone in a civilised society but according to fred schepisi  s partisan but sadly convincing story of a famous australian murder trial  it was not granted to lindy chamberlain  accused of killing her baby . the story suggesting her innocence was unlikely  a dingo was alleged to have taken it   but those implying her guilt even more so  and there was no solid evidence against her . but the australian public was transfixed by the possibility of her guilt  and the deeply religious chamberlains appeared creepy when appearing in the media  and the media themselves  of course  were anything but innocent in this process  . so although cleared by an initial inquest  they were later prosecuted and convicted . although chamberlain was eventually released  this shamefully only followed the discovery of new evidence  proving  their innocence  something no defendants should have to produce .  br    br    a cry in the dark  is well acted throughout  especially by meryl streep  who puts on a convincing australian accent  at least to this pom  s ears  and manages keep lindy sympathetic  to us  while still conveying how she managed to become a national hate figure . the scenes where she actually gets imprisoned are simple but heartbreaking  because we believe in the characters as real .  br    br   regardless of the accuracy of its portrayal of this story  something i can  t comment on   the wider theme of this film will ring horribly true to anyone with a passing knowledge of the british popular press and its ruthless habit of appealing directly to their readership  s least charitable instincts . no legal system will ever be perfect but the current cry against asylum seekers in contemporary british tabloids comes from exactly the same pit of evil as the voices that put lindy chamberlain away . i  m not a religious man  but the bible still contains some killer lines  if you  ll excuse the pun  .  judge not lest ye be judged  is one of them .  
a cry in the dark  br    br   a cry in the dark was a film that i anticipated would offer a phenomenal performance from meryl streep and a solid  if unremarkable film . this assumption came from the fact that aside from streep  s best actress nomination  the movie received little attention from major awards groups .  br    br   little did i anticipate that a cry in the dark would be such a riveting drama  well  constructed on every level . if you ask me  this is an under  appreciatted classic .  br    br   the film opens rather slowly  letting the audience settle into the chamberlain  s at a relaxed pace and really notice that  at the core  they are an incredibly loving  simple family . fred schepisi  the director  selects random moments to capture of a family on vacation that give a looming sense of the oncoming tragedy  while also showing the attentive bliss with which lindy  streep  and michael  sam neill  chamberlain care for their children .  br    br   while the famous line  a dingo took my baby   has become somewhat of a punchline these days  the movie never even comes close to laughable . the actual death of azaria is horrifyingly captured . it is subtle and realistic  leaving the audience horrified and asking questions .  br    br   the majority of the film takes place in courtrooms and focuses on the chamberlain  s continuous fight to prove their innocence to the press and the court  which suspects lindy of murder .  br    br   the fact that it is clear to us from the beginning that they are innocent makes the tense trials all the more gripping . as an audience member  i was fully invested in the chamberlain  s plight . . . and was genuinely angered and hurt and saddened when they were made to look so terrible by the media . but at the same  the media  public opinion is understandable . i loved the way the media was by no means made to be sympathetic  but they always had valid reasons to hold their views .  br    br   the final line of the film is very profound and captures perfectly the central element that makes this film so much different from other courtroom dramas .  br    br   in terms of performances  the only ones that really matter in this film are those of streep and neill . . . and they deliver in every way . for me  this ranks as one of  if not    meryl streep  s best performances . for all her mastery of different accents  which of course are very impressive in their own right   streep never loses the central heart and soul of her characters . i find this to be one of streep  s more subtle performances  and she hits it out of the park . and neill  an actor who has never impressed me beyond being charismatic and appealing in jurassic park  is a perfect counterpoint to streep  s performance . from what i  ve seen  this is undoubtedly neill  s finest work to date . it  s a shame he wasn  t recognized by the academy with a leading actor nomination to match streep  s . . . b  c the two of them play of each other brilliantly .  br    br   more emotionally gripping than most films  and also incredibly suspenseful . . . a cry in the dark far exceeded my expectations . i highly recommend that people who only know of the movie as the flick where meryl screams  the dingo took my baby   watch the film and see just how much more there is to a cry in the dark then that one line .  br    br   . . . a . . .  
fascinating movie  based on a true story  about an australian woman  lindy chamberlain  meryl streep  accused of killing her baby daughter . she insists that a dingo took her baby  but the story is highly suspicious . the film is actually about the media circus that took place around the case  the way australians interpreted what was presented in the media  and the lynch mob mentality that ultimately led to the woman  s conviction  based on barely any hard evidence . i love films that question the media  and also films that take a hard look on how people are railroaded by the justice system . i  ve always thought that juries ought to be showed   angry men before they go through with their duties . it  s not  as has often been said  a liberal movie  but a clinical look at how we as human beings interpret events based so much on our prejudices and a desire for revenge . a cry in the dark is likewise clinical . schepisi is careful not to make the film at all melodramatic . some may find the film boring or dry  but i found it engaging .  
in august     the disappearance of baby azaria chamberlain and the pursuant trial of her parents lindy and michael for the alleged murder of the child caused an uproar across what was then a very angry nation . the media and the public had already tried and convicted the accused couple and were baying for blood . what followed was a gross miscarriage of justice .  br    br   michael and lindy chamberlain claimed that while camping near ayers rock  central australia  that a dingo had taken their ten week old daughter from their tent as they were preparing to eat in the barbecue area . no  one believed them . lindy was charged with the murder of her baby  and michael as an accessory after the fact . the whole country was abuzz with whispers of a ritual killing . the chamberlain  s trial was over before it began .  br    br   lindy never proved her innocence  so she was found guilty . there was never enough evidence to convict her  yet the jury was swayed by public and media pressure . how could we as a nation even sit in judgement  from where we are  how could we possibly presume to know  unless there was absolute proof  and no reasonable doubt whatsoever  the chamberlains should have been acquitted .  br    br   fred schepisi  s film unequivocally and whole heartedly supports the argument of john bryson  s novel  that the chamberlains were completely innocent of the charges laid against them . that in fact a dingo did take baby azaria on that fateful night at ayers rock .  br    br   schepisi has brilliantly captured the mood of a blood thirsty nation  hell bent on  the truth  being brought to light . he shows australia in a rather unbecoming light as a people who were totally obsessed with seeing the chamberlains pay  his screenplay  co  written with robert caswell  vigorously stirs the emotions and will most certainly find the audience saddened and angered at the travesty of justice which occurred .  br    br   the outstanding meryl streep gives an incredible performance as the woman accused of the most dreadful of acts . she brings to life most convincingly the tough little aussie who was ready to stand up to the allegations and set the world straight . even her accent is almost  but not quite  spot on . a very good effort by the master of that trade . sam neill is every bit as good as streep as the at first faithful but then disillusioned michael who cannot comprehend why their world is falling apart  and he starts to question his christianity . his  as was streep  s  is a showing of great emotional strength that will move you profoundly . the entire support cast are also excellent  with some of australia  s finest actors and actresses playing a part .  br    br   technically the film is brilliant too  with director of photography ian baker capturing this great land with splendour  especially the rock  . editor jill bilcock keeps the whole movie tense and very emotionally charged  while bruce smeaton provides a telling score .  br    br   for all aussies this is a must see  a shocking look in the mirror if you will  at what we as a country did to a family who just wanted justice to be served  and the truth to be known . as michael chamberlain said   i don  t think anybody really understands what innocence means . . . . . to innocent people .   br    br   saturday  may         video  br    br   even on return viewings fred schepisi  s account of the travesty of justice that befell the chamberlains  who lost baby azaria at ayres rock in      is still emotionally powerful and honestly moving .  br    br   schepisi and robert caswell have expertly transferred john bryson  s novel to the screen  telling with simplicity the horrifying story of a vacation gone terribly wrong for michael and lindy chamberlain  whose new born daughter azaria was taken form the family tent by a dingo just moments after being put down .  br    br   amid media speculation and vicious public rumour lindy was charged with the murder of her baby  and michael was charged as an accessory after the fact . what followed was little more than trial by media  and with the australian people determined she be put away  lindy was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour  even though the prosecution could present no motive and little other than circumstantial evidence .  br    br   meryl streep is in top form as the accused woman who battles australia head on to prove her innocence . she is truly awesome  and the only thing that fails her is a true blue aussie accent  though she does her level best to sound ocker . you might wonder why a top australian actress wasn  t cast in the role  but star power is probably the answer . alongside meryl is an equally impressive sam neill  outstanding as the husband who sees his world falling apart before his eyes  while he feels powerless to do anything about it . a strong aussie cast lend compelling support .  br    br   editing from jill bilcock is very timely  ian baker  s cinematography of the rock and other rugged locations is visually brilliant and bruce smeaton  s music is perfect for the part . truly a must for all conscientious australians .  br    br   sunday  june         video  
i found it hard to like anyone in this film . the central characters  lindy and michael chamberlain  whose daughter disappears during a night out in the australian outback  are not bad people  but then surely not all  or even most  of the scores of people we see throughout this movie would be bad if we knew them better . but though we are as sure as the film wants us to be of the guilt or innocence of the chamberlains from the start of their life  s tragic disarray  the film takes on a more or less sociological perspective pertaining to gossip  news media  crowds  mobs and assumptions . it  s not a movie about the degenerate society of australia in particular it  s merely an account of a true story that happened there . society en masse is much less evolved than the individual feels ensured that we are .  br    br   when a warden insists upon killing all of an aborigine  s dogs because of the unverified action of a single wild dog  when a randomly ruined life spins even further out of control owing to the majority of magazines  newspapers and tv programs distorts the tragic truth to a level of drama that provokes its consumers into a frenzy  there is no sign of empathy or even any kind of looking outside of one  s own unaware perceptions  influenced left and right by the vigorous hearsay and vibes of those who surround one  s life . the reason i appreciate the film is because it turns the focus inside out  from the victims to the masses .  br    br   the evidence against lindy chamberlain aside  suspicion was jet  fueled mostly by a virtue of hers . to the public eye  she did not seem sufficiently distraught by the death of her baby daughter . why was she able to keep her cool  even a sort of aloofness let alone holding her head up  for tv and the press  how much of the downward spiral could  ve been prevented had she behaved more to the public  s liking in the media  meryl streep  one of  if not the  greatest actress working today  may not give a performance that particularly stands out  and frankly neither does any other actor  or department of film  making . but she  and the screenwriters  do understand lindy . what is infuriating is that it  s not that difficult . apparently  she was not naturally prone to showing emotion in public in any case . whether or not she is approachable as a lovable character in the immediate sense  we are naturally prone to sympathize with her situation .  br    br   whether or not her performance is as immediately gratifying as sophie  s choice  the devil wears prada  angels in america or other such work  it is a triumph . it is difficult enrapture an audience when you purposely deny them insights into yourself . she frustrates us because we don  t know what she  s thinking or feeling . it took me awhile to feel endeared toward her  but this is the movie  s way of suggesting the reaction of the public  s attention .  br    br   she is married to a pastor  and they both practice a religion that is in a small minority and thus misinterpreted by most . initially  they react to their loss as if to be reconciling themselves to god  s will  kick  starting a rumor mill generating the notion that their daughter  s death was some sort of ritual killing on their part . whatever happened to the little girl  her parents were part of a margin with whom most of the media  s intake didn  t immediately identify  so the first inclination was to go after them like a pack of hungry . . . well . . .  br    br   meryl streep and sam neill are constantly on screen  but the australian public plays the real leads here . like punctuation for each plot advance  director fred schepisi cuts away from restaurant to tennis court to dinner party to saloon to office  where the public tries lindy and gets carried away into their own passionate projections .  br    br   this golan  globus docudrama is not particularly memorable . the setting  s atmosphere doesn  t give a pleasurable enough compensation for the fact that no performance or facet of production stands out . but it is very successful as an indictment of the collective conscious of the public .  
i remember seeing this movie shown several years ago on the lifetime tv network and thought it was an interesting story . several years later i see it again and fall head over heels in love with this movie . the story behind the movie is fascinating in and of itself . the cast just makes it that much more appealing . meryl streep is definitely at the top of her game in this picture . she nails mrs . chamberlain  s mannerisms  the accent  and even look . she shows the pain  hurt  surprise  and anger that lindy had to endure  and in the process it  s hard to remember that it isn  t lindy . in my opinion  this performance of meryl  s was better than her oscar  winning turn in  sophie  s choice   and should have garnered her her third oscar . sam neill is perfect as michael chamberlain  and for some surprising reason  wasn  t recognized by the academy with at least a nomination . in all  this movie only receive one oscar nod  streep  s for best actress .  however  it did receive several australian oscars and nominations .  br    br   definitely a top  rate movie it tells a great story and you get great performances from the entire cast .  
meryl streep is such a genius . well  at least as an actress . i know she  s been made fun of for doing a lot of roles with accents  but she nails the accent every time . her performance as lindy chamberlain was inspiring . mrs . chamberlain  as portrayed here  was not particularly likable  nor all that smart . but that just makes streep  s work all the more remarkable . i think she is worth all   or so of her oscar nominations . about the film  well  there were a couple of interesting things . i don  t know much about australia  but the theme of religious bigotry among the general public played a big part in the story . i had largely missed this when i first saw the film some years ago  but it came through loud and clear yesterday . and it seems the australian press is just as accomplished at misery  inducing pursuit and overkill as their american colleagues . a pretty good film . a bit different . grade b  
this movie was nominated for best picture but lost out to casablanca but paul lukas beat out humphrey bogart for best actor . i don  t see why lucile watson was nominated for best supporting actor  i just don  t think she did a very good job . bette davis and paul lukas and their three kids are leaving mexico and coming into the united states in the first scene of the movie . they are going by train to davis  s relatives house . davis and lukas were in the underground to stop the nazis so they are very tired and need rest . but when they arrive home  their is a nazi living there and their  s not much either can do about it . it turns out the nazi only cares about money and is willing to make a deal with lukas . their is more to the plot but you can find that out for yourself .  
this is a docudrama story on the lindy chamberlain case and a look at it  s impact on australian society . it especially looks at the problem of innuendo  gossip and expectation when dealing with real  life dramas .  br    br   one issue the story deals with is the way it is expected people will all give the same emotional response to similar situations . not everyone goes into wild melodramatic hysterics to every major crisis . just because the characters in the movies and on tv act in a certain way is no reason to expect real people to do so . this is especially apt for journalists and news editors who appear to be looking for the the big sob scene that will pull the ratings . it  s an issue that has to be constantly addressed .  br    br   the leads play the characters with depth  personality and sensitivity . and they are ably supported by a large cast all playing based  on  fact individuals . some viewers may be surprised to learn that many of the supporting cast in this story are people better known in australia as comic actors . it re  enforces my idea that comic actors make some of the best supports in dramas because with comedy they know how to establish quick impressions of individuals .  br    br    spoiler warning    br    br   i have to say something very personal here in that i am actually an ex  adventist who was a practicing member in australia at the time this incident occurred so i have a slightly different impression of the story than most . i think it is handled with amazing creativity and personality  and emotional heart . i think the best scene is the one where the couple are hounded by the new choppers . it captured the themes of the story brilliantly .  br    br   i once heard fred schepsi say in an interview that he told the actors to  play the best case for their character they could  . while this is especially apt for this story  i think it is also a general principle that should apply to all acting as well .  
once you pick your jaw up from off the floor from the realization that they . . . somehow . . . managed to put this thing together so fast that it was released the same year the case ended  you  ll find that it  s not half bad . the plot is engaging and interesting  and the pacing is fast  with this covering many situations  and thus often jumping swiftly on to the next one after a line or two has been spoken . where this really stands out is the acting . the performances are excellent . neill and streep are both impeccable . it  s also cool to hear so much australian spoken in a hollywood film  and even those who don  t come naturally to it at least attempt an accent . the cinematography and editing are nice enough  but they don  t really go beyond the standard stuff . this movie  s story is compelling and the fact that it is authentic just makes it all the more chilling . while i have not read the novel or heard of what happened outside of this picture  i understand that it is quite close to the truth . there is some moderate to strong language and disturbing content in this . it is  at times  a downright great courtroom drama . i recommend this to any fellow fan of such .      
meryl streep is excellent in her nuanced and stoic performance as the infamous lindy chamberlain who was accused and tried for allegedly killing her own baby azaria chamberlain and using her alibi of ravenous dingoes as her defense . based on the book  evil angels  and titled so in its australian release  a cry in the dark is an ugly film to watch . it presents a scenario that  s all too real for us in america the witch  hunt against a person deemed an easy target .  br    br   lindy chamberlain was this woman . being someone who spoke her mind  someone who didn  t play the sympathy card  and someone who was just tough enough to move on with her life despite her horrific ordeal  she was labeled as suspect and hated beyond comprehension even when it was clear she didn  t kill her own child . the media began a tightening noose and a progressive invasion of privacy that soon had the entire nation glued to their sets as they eviscerated this family piece by piece . and through it all  lindy remained as stoic as ever  even when her husband michael was falling apart .  br    br   this stance  of course  is the power of strength  as unsympathetic as it may look like  and people happen to react strongly to that . they want to see a distressed mother cry and weep and occasionally faint at every turn  not sit there and look blank . people don  t understand that not everyone grieves the same way and when someone decides to stand strong they begin speculations . meryl streep embodies this tainted woman to the hilt and in doing so creates a cold  but not unfeeling woman  one that stood by her convictions even if they cost her liberty . because of her  sam neill is allowed to have his character slowly dissolve into despair   someone has to  or the chamberlains would be too detached  and no one wants to see that . except the monster that has at the time of this writing become the news  media . they  ll always eat train wrecks up and feed the mangled manure to the uninformed public .  
spoilers following i picked up the book  evil angels  when it first came out knowing nothing of the case . just to give the press and the austrialian people a break here  i was quite far into it before i began to question the chamberlain  s guilt . the author obviously intended the reader to understand why the public jumped to the conclusions they did . john bryson told the story just as it was presented to the jurors  and picked up by the press  of the arterial spray  the actelone     plates  dr . james cameron  s certainty that the collar was cut with scissors  that a baby could not be taken whole from her clothes with the buttons still done up  bloody hand print  etc . all quite convincingly . after all  these were experts in their fields who were testifying with no apparent reason to lie  and the fact that the evidence was completely wrong wasn  t apparent to me at all . it was also highly technical evidence  difficult for a layman to understand . to this point  beyond some hearsay testimony in the trials  hardly anyone had ever heard of a dingo attacking a human people didn  t believe it was possible . the public was suspicious of the seventh day adventists  whose origins made them appear to be a cult  and all sorts of wild beliefs about them contributed to the appearance of guilt . were it not for dedicated  selfless lawyers who worked relentlessly to investigate and counter the trial testimony  finding azaria  s clothes later would not have been enough to get lindy out of jail . the book shook me for that reason  and i  ve been reluctant to come to a conclusion about anyone  s guilt ever since  excepting oj of course  . i was thrilled that a movie was going to be made about the case and don  t think it could have been done better . i  ve always liked sam  who i could identify with completely  and meryl was perfect as always . beautiful photography  haunting music . i think it  s not only a very good  but a very important  movie . too bad it didn  t receive more publicity at the time it was released .  
lindy  meryl streep  and her husband michael  sam neill  have just welcomed a baby girl  azaria . as seventh day adventists  they live their beliefs every day and soon have azaria dedicated to god at their church  with their two older boys looking on . michael gets a vacation and the family decides to head to ayer  s rock  one of the most impressive tourist spots in all of australia . not being wealthy  the family camps near the site . after a wonderful first day  lindy puts baby azaria to sleep in one of the tents . suddenly  she hears azaria crying . as lindy rushes to the tent  a dingo dog is just exiting  shaking his head . the baby is gone and soon  so is the dingo . although the entire camp looks for the baby  she is not found . concluding she is dead and that the dingo made off with their beloved child  the chamberlains struggle to accept god  s decision and go on with their lives . but  unfortunately  the story gets sensational coverage in the news media and soon the tale is circulated that lindy murdered the baby . she is subsequently arrested and put on trial . how could this happen  this is a great depiction of real events that shows how  mob rule  is not a figment of the imagination . the entire country turns against the chamberlains  in part because they are seen as odd . streep gives her best performance ever as the complex lindy  whose own strong  willed demeanor works against her every step of the way . neill  likewise  does a wonderful job as the hesitant and confused michael . the cast is one of the largest ever  with depictions of folks around the country getting their digs into lindy  s case . the costumes  scenery  script  direction and production are all top of the line . if you have never seen or heard of this film  remedy that straight away . it is not a far cry from reality to say that this  cry  should be seen by all who care about film and about the misused power of the media .  
this is a true story of an australian couple wha are charged with murder when their infant child disappears . meryl streep is excellent  as always  and manages to hold our interest even though she plays a character who isn  t particularly likable .  br    br   the media frenzy that surrounded this case in australia is reminiscent of the sam sheppard murder case in ohio during the    s . these real  life situations demonstrate that the media in fact can affect how a criminal case is handled . i well remember the cleveland plain dealer running a huge headline stating  why isn  t sam sheppard in jail   . the prosecutor eventually succumbed to this relentless pressure  and sheppard was tried and convicted . only after years in jail was he exonerated .  br    br   i love movies which tell a true story  do it in an interesting way  and make an important point in the process . this is one of those movies . other good movies which tell the story of innocent persons charged with crimes include  hurricane    the thin blue line   and  breaker morant  . in particular  the latter is another australian film which is highly recommended .  br    br        
an unqualified    .  the level of writing and acting in this australian movie is reminiscent of the very best of  old  hollywood . sam neill and meryl streep are very good together . neill matches streep line for line  and take for take   it is one of the best showcases yet of his prodigious acting talent and he is at his sexy and gorgeous best  notwithstanding the intensity of his role . this engrossing film is a treat for any movie fan who loves a gripping courtroom drama  portrayed in the most human but unsentimental terms . the movie   which won several top awards in australia   boasts not only a superlative cast and director  but wonderful and authentic australian locales . it proves that people are the same the world over . and  after all these years  people still delight in repeating the famous streep line  accent and all  a dingo ate moy baby   including that imp  elaine benis  on  seinfeld .   
when i first saw  a cry in the dark   i had no idea what the plot was . but when i saw it  i was shocked at what it portrayed . when i saw it a second time in an australian cinema class  i realized a second point communication issues . you see  when a dingo snatched lindy chamberlain  s  meryl streep  baby  she and her husband michael  sam neill  were grief  stricken but didn  t show it . as seventh day adventists  they believed that god willed this to happen  and so they couldn  t mourn it . but when people all over australia saw their lack of sadness  everyone started believing that lindy did it herself .  br    br   the point is  the wrong message got communicated to the public  and it turned people against lindy . even though this was a pure accident  it still happened . it may be one of the biggest disasters resulting from the existence of mass media  regardless of any media outlet  s political views .  br    br   as for the performances  streep does a very good job with an australian accent  no surprise there   and sam neill is equally great . you will probably get blown away just by what you see here . definitely one of fred schepisi  s best movies ever .  
meryl streep was incredible in this film . she has an amazing knack for accents  and she shows incredible skill in this film overall . i really felt for her when lindy was being persecuted . she was played realistically  too . she got cranky  upset  and unpleasant as the media and the government continued their unrelenting witchhunt . i didn  t expect much from the film initially  but i really got interested in it  and the movie is based on a real person and real events . it turned out to be better than i had anticipated . sam neill was also outstanding this is the best work i  ve seen from him  and i  ve really liked him in other movies  the piano  for example  . i gave the film a   but if i could rate just the acting  i  d give the it a  .   and a perfect   for streep .  
  a cry in the dark  is a masterful piece of cinema  haunting  and incredibly though provoking . the true story of lindy chamberland  who  in      witnessed a horrific sight  seeing her   month  old baby being brutally taken from their family  s tent  while camping on the austrailian outback . azaria  the baby  was never seen again  and the result of her horrendous disappearance caused a true life frenzy all around the world . meryl streep does immaculate justice to the role of lindy  as she always does . but the one thing that helps  a cry in the dark  never fall flat is the brilliant direction . a truly inspired and accurate outlook on this baffeling case  tears are brought to the eyes . the concept is nothing less then terrifying  and afterwards you are left haunted  but also inspired .  
watch on the rhine is one of the best anti  nazi propaganda films made during world war two . paul lukas was certainly deserving of his oscar . bette davis shines brilliantly as the great actress and beauty she was . i would recommend this film to those interested in that era  and  of course  the fabulous films of the late  great  ms . bette davis .  
some movies seem to be made before we are ready for them . as i watched this film  made in      in      i thought i was watching the o . j . simpson debacle  although i have very different opinions about the innocence of the individuals in each situation  .  br    br   the australian news media  if this movie is to be believed  devoured the case of a possible infanticide and truth was left as an afterthought . it was scary to see the scenes of invasive  swarming media hordes  ridiculous accounts of half  truths and lies and debates over the supposed merits of the case by persons at all levels of society .  br    br   equally appalling is the media  s depiction as indifferent and uncomprehending of the technical information in the case . i do wish more was made of the issue of religious prejudice in the case  the accused are seven  day adventists  .  br    br   today these circuses have become common but that makes the lesson only more important .  br    br   streep is excellent as usual  and this is the best i  ve ever seen sam neill . the aussie accents get a bit thick at times but not incomprehensible .  
this is an extremely  powerful based  on  a  true story film that can be infuriating to watch . i say that because how brutal a hounding press can be to people  in this case an innocent australian couple charged with killing their baby .  br    br   meryl streep received a lot of recognition for her performance when this film came out but i thought sam neill was just as good . let  s just say they both were excellent but the role was little harder for streep because she had to learn an australian accent .  she learned it so well i had trouble understanding her in parts .   br    br   without giving anything away  all i can say is this movie will wear you out emotionally .  
roll is a wonderful little film . toby malone plays an   year old kid  very well acted  by the way  who is into soccer . malone  s cousin takes him out the night before his big game on an adventure with many twists and turns involving two gym bags  a drug lord  some tough bikers  some cops  and some prostitutes . . . and the movie keeps us guessing as to which characters are on which side of the law  what the contents of either gym bag is  and even what gender a key biker is . parts of it reminded me of lock stock and two smoking barrels .  br    br   for me  roll reinforced three opinions that i already held before seeing roll . those opinions are  . i really want to visit australia one day . the country and cities are beautiful and it looks like such a cool place for a vacation .  br    br    . some of the best filmmakers in the are australian . the cinematography in roll was especially impressive . i loved the stylized colors and lighting in many of the scenes .  br    br    . australian women are hot   
mat spirogolou  s  toby malone  family know he is a talented footballer  and are pleased when he secures an audition to join a big club . they hope that when he arrives in the city his cousin will look after him .  br    br   but the cousins are like chalk and cheese one a naive farm boy  the other a streetwise spendthrift who has managed to get mixed up with drug dealers and gangsters . mat is unlikely to have a quiet evening in before his big day .  br    br   having missed his cousin george  damien robertson  on arrival in the city  mat encounters further trouble when a young biker takes him for a ride in more ways than one .  br    br   toby malone  probably better known for his work in theatre  puts in a commendable performance as the bucolic teenager . there are telltale signs of a low budget  but as with so many other low  budget movies there  s more fun  seemingly more spontaneity  and more charm  than there is to be seen in the average hollywood blockbuster .  
i just sat through a very enjoyable fast paced   mins of roll .  br    br   roll is about a country boy  mat  toby malone  who has dreams of becoming a sports star . mat travels to the city and is to be picked up by his cousin george  damien robertson  . well  that was the plan anyway . george is involved with a gangster  tiny  john batchelor  and is making a delivery for him . needless to say  mat gets dragged into george  s world .  br    br   i thought it was great how mat teaches george some morals and respect while george teaches mat how to relax and enjoy life a little . toby and damien were well cast together and did an outstanding job .  br    br   every character in the movie complimented each other very well  the two cops were great . david ngoombujarra brought some great comic relief to the movie . tiny played a likable gangster that reminded me of one of my favourite characters  pando  from two hands .  br    br   one of the other things that i liked about roll was that it showcased the cities that i grew up and lived in for   years  perth and fremantle . it was good to see sights and landmarks that i grew up with  especially the old ferris wheel .  br    br   this rocks  n  rolls  
a country  boy aussie  rules player  mat  goes to the city the night before an all  important afl trial match  where he is to be picked up by his cousin . and then things go wrong .  br    br   his no  hoper cousin has become mixed up in a drug deal involving local loan  shark  drug  dealer tiny  who looks like any gangster anywhere but is definitively australian  . needless to say  mat becomes enmeshed in the chaos  and it isn  t long before thoughts of tomorrow  s match are shunted to the back of his mind as the night  s frantic events unravel .  br    br   accomplished western australian professional shakespearean actor toby malone puts in a sterling performance as young naive country  boy mat  and successfully plays a part well below his age . best support comes from john batchelor as tiny  and an entertaining role by david ngoombujarra as one of the cops following the events . roll is fast  paced  often funny  and a very worthwhile use of an hour .  
i  ve just watched roll and what a pleasure it turned out to be . toby malone  s performance really stood out  i found myself actually caring about what happens to matt throughout the whole of the film  which itself is a lot of fun  very pacey with a good mix of well rounded characters  quite an achievement considering it  s short running time . there are plenty of good twists throughout as well  it will keep you guessing until the end . other characters to watch out for are the totally insane tiny and the sneaky attractive jesse . it may not have the huge budget of a hollywood blockbuster but don  t let that put you off  you could do a lot worse than checking this out  you won  t regret it . good fun .      
a film i expected very little from  and only watched to pass a quiet hour  but what an hour it turned out to be . roll is an excellent if none  too  serious little story of  country  boy  lost  in  the  big  city  makes  good   it is funny throughout  the characters are endearing and the pace is just right .  br    br   toby malone is the true star of the film with his endearing portrayal of matt  said country boy and local aussie rules football hero come to the big city to try out for one of the big teams . he is supported superbly by john batchelor as local gangster tiny . watch out for these two .  br    br   highly recommended .  
this film is an hour or so of good entertainment and has some genuinely funny moments . i loved the character of matt  and also tiny . they seemed the most engaging and funny characters  and certainly the most interesting . matt is very good  as is his no good cousin   and the police woman and the blonde biker woman provide some welcome eye candy . i must say i saw striking similarities between matt and another aussie actor  eric bana . my personal favourite part was the brothel scene  loved that . overall  i liked the film and it  ll get about an  rating . the penalty however  i was disappointed in . it was a side foot curl  rather than the appropriate laces blast .  br    br   i am of course kidding .    
plato  s run is an entertaining b movie with gary busey . it is a fairly unknown film so one i saw it at a car boot i thought this looks entertaining i was right to . gary busey plays plato smith a tough mercenary who is framed for the assassination of a powerful cuban crime lord now on the run plato must survive long enough to prove his innocence with the help of his friends played by steve bauer  scarface  and action star jeff speaksman  the expert  . what i liked about plato  s run was the way the film never got boring the plot may have been done before but it was still good the acting was fun to watch and the action was quite fun as well especially the climax gary busey makes a good hero ironic since he normally plays the bad guy and steve bauer is good as plato  s sidekick even jeff speaksman makes a good performance and he cant even act well to finish it of plato  s run is an enjoyable effort from nu image films and i give it  out of    
  a wrong  doer is often a man that has left something undone  not always he that has done something .    emperor marcus aurelius  br    br   the dvd release of  watch on the rhine  could not come at a better moment . it restores to us a major lillian hellman play stirringly adapted to the screen by dashiell hammett  hellman scholar bernard f . dick  s audio commentary affirms his authorship  . it presents a subtle performance by bette davis  who took a subdued secondary role long after she  d become the workhorse queen at the warner bros . lot . equally significantly  it reminds us that world war ii had a purpose .  br    br   sure  you say  like we needed that . we  ve heard cary grant sermonizing in  destination tokyo        about japanese boys and their bushido knives . we  ve watched jackboots stomp the living hills in  the sound of music        . we  ve toured an england callously occupied by germany in  it happened here        . yet  truth to tell  we still need the message spread .  br    br   i have an    year  old friend who curses franklin roosevelt regularly . he feels that fdr connived the u . s . into a foreign fight we didn  t need  and thereby caused the death of his favorite cousin . he  s encouraged in his demonizing of allied leaders and the trivializing of war two by patrick buchanan .  br    br   the political columnist has freshly released a fat book heavy with detailed research which claims that adolf hitler would have posed no further menace to poland  europe  or the world if only the third reich had been handed the free city of danzig in     . buchanan holds that if those selfish poles hadn  t confronted the nazis  drawing in foolishly meddling britain and giddily altruistic france  no war would have engulfed the west . he believes that without the rigors of total war  no one in germany would have built gas chambers to provide a final solution to the jewish problem .  br    br   some commenters on this site feel that  watch  sags under the weight of stale propaganda . maybe . however  neither my friend nor pat buchanan seem to have gotten the film  s point some people hurt and kill to grab other people  s land  goods  and liberty such people dominated the axis powers and  enough  didn  t appear in their vocabulary .  br    br   paul lukas deserved the oscar he won . he and bette davis put convincing passion into their portrayals of refugees who fight oppressors . they give emotional punch to the intellectual case for stepping off the sidelines  for actively facing down torturers and murderers . bernard dick notes that hellman didn  t care for lukas as a person since he stayed apolitical . of course  as a hungarian he had seen first  hand bela kun  s bloody  dictatorship of the proletariat  replace an outmoded empire and then topple to admiral horthy  s right  wing tyranny .  br    br   in a marvelous cameo role added to the play by hammett  henry daniell sardonically depicts a wehrmacht officer of the class that disdains the brown shirts he serves . his phili von ramme would doubtless stand with field marshal rommel in     during the plot of july   th against hitler . in april      however  he pragmatically abets the nazi cause  although he insults herr blecher  the butcher  and scorns the rumanian aristocrat teck de brancovis for trying to peddle information on an underground leader .  br    br   teck  a pauper and possible cuckold  wishes cash and a visa to return to europe where he can resume the shreds of a life that had come undone with the empire  shattering great war and the greater world  wide economic depression . he has no political convictions  no scruples about trading a freedom fighter for his own tomorrow . mercury theater graduate george coulouris lends this burnt  out case  s old world cynicism an edge of desperate menace .  br    br   lucille watson gives winsome vitality to the grasping man  s hostess  a domineering old gal who knows her mind and gets her way   but who doesn  t adequately appreciate her children and their achievements outside the home she controls . she and her pallid office  bound son belong to the american version of von ramme  s and de brancovis  privileged kind . however  this family hasn  t seen ruin and never will . they  re moneyed people who could silently advance evil simply by not opposing it .  br    br   this mother and son might easily make choices which would reflect that complaisance toward national socialism and fascism which flourishes today in my friend and in pundit buchanan .  watch on the rhine  has a manicured period look . its dialogue reflects its erudite origins on the stage rather than sounding fresh from the streets . yet hellman and hammett  s film has gut  based power . audiences still need to hear and heed its call to arms against grabbers relentlessly on the march .  
in     i had just moved to the us from ceylon . i was    and had been married for a little over three years  and was beginning to come out as a lesbian . i saw this movie on an old black and white tv  with terrible reception  alone  and uninterrupted  in an awakening that seemed like an echo of the story . i was living in a small house in tucson arizona  and it was summertime . . . like everyone else here  i never forgot the feelings the images of this story called forth  and its residue of fragile magic  and i have treasured a hope that i would see it again someday . i  ll keep checking in . i also wish that someone would make a movie of shirley verel  s  the other side of venus  . it also has some of the same delicacy and persistent poignancy . . .  
the previous reviewer has said it exactly . i saw it once  was enchanted  saw it a second time when it was re  broadcast within a week or two of the first airing . i still remember some of the scenes . the setting is the opening of the   th century  the war referred to in the title is world war i . one of the scenes was set in a women  only section of a public place  which was an interesting historical note . the moment when one of the women first touches the other is one of my all  time great movie moments . i don  t think of this as a  gay movie   it  s an interesting and tender period love story  where the two principals happen to be women . i would love to see this movie again i would buy this one if it ever came out on dvd .  
as with all the other reviewers  this movie has been a constant in my mind after   years . i recall going to the library researching all that i could on this story . i even wrote to the pbs station for more information . despite all this  all i was able to find out was that it was a story printed in a newspaper in the early part of the     s .  br    br   fastward to      after years of searching ebay for on a weekly basis and there it was  a vhs copy of the movie . there was one other bidder but i was determined to win this movie . the losing bidder wrote me asking for a copy which i gave her . despite owning a copy  i still searched and searched finally finding a site that sold a dvd copy of the movie . you can find it at http   www . johntopping . com  harvey   perr  war   widow  war  widow . html  
i saw this movie in      my first year of living in new york . i went on to live there for the next   years  but never saw anything as delicate and beautiful again as this small tv movie . it was part of a pbs series as i recall  and i  ve never forgotten it .  br    br   there are no sex scenes to speak of  just delicate  moving  extraordinarily touching moments full of tension and excitement  all set within a conservative  boston  i think   world war  environment where women played the role of devoted wife awaiting the return of husband from the war  and did not seek out a career and financial independence . frances lee mccain is superb in the role of career photographer and i have spent the next   odd years searching for her in equally challenging roles to no avail .  br    br   there has to be a video of this movie  sure it should be on dvd but surely at least a video   
almost   years later i recall this original pbs film as almost unbearably tender . periodically  i check here at imdb hoping that someone has had the good sense to purchase the rights and put it on a dvd . it  s september of      and i keep hoping   deep sigh .  br    br   one of the two lead actors went on to a small career primarily in a prime  time evening soap the other  frances lee mccain  was seen in small roles here and there for a few years . but nothing they did before or after ever matched this little movie which was produced  as i recall it  on a short  lived pbs series which showcased original screenplays by new and up  and  coming playwrights .  br    br   i watched it every time it was shown on pbs  maybe  or  times . that was before the era of vcrs  so i have no record of it  except in my mind  s eye .  br    br             addition to above happy new year  ladies  this wonderful film is finally available on dvd at ladyslipper . org . my understanding is that the dvds are burned from the writer  s own personal copy .  
it  s been a while since i  ve watched this movie  and the series  but now i  m refreshing my memory  this was a very funny movie based on the classic series  johnny knoxville and seann william scott were hilarious together . bo and luke duke help uncle jesse run moonshine in the general lee . when boss hogg forces the dukes off their farm  bo and luke sneak around hogg  s local construction site and find samples of coal . they soon realize that boss hogg is gonna strip  mine hazzard county  unless the dukes can stop him  with the help of their beautiful cousin  daisy . my only two problems with the movie was that burt reynolds wasn  t right for the part of boss hogg  and sheriff rosco p . coltrane was way too serious . other than that  i highly recommend the dukes of hazzard     
what is wrong with you people  if you weren  t blown away by the action car sequences and jessica simpsons hot body then you are majorly screwed in the head . of course the film isn  t a masterpiece  i don  t think it was aiming to be . it was fun and funny  i never watched the show when i was younger  i only recently saw one episode  and when i watched the movie  i felt it had the same kind of atmosphere . the movie seats were practically shaking  and the car sequences were good because it didn  t bore me and drag out like some of the scenes in  fast  furious . and jessica simpson is plain hot  i just wish they had used her more in the action sequences . all in all  i had a hell of a time watching this and i would go and see it again soon and i will buy it on dvd . people  enjoy it for what it is .  
having read some of the other comments here i was expecting something truly awful but was pleasantly surprised . reality check the original series wasn  t that good . i think some people remember it with more affection than it deserved but apart from the car chases and daisy duke  s legs the scripts were weak and poorly acted . the duke boys were too intelligent and posh for backwood hicks  the shrunken boss hog was too cretinous to be evil and rosco was just hyper throughout every screen moment . it  s amazing the series actually lasted as long as it did because it ran out of story lines during the first series .  br    br   back to the movie . if you watch this film in it  s own right  not as a direct comparison to however you remember the tv series  then it  s not bad at all . the real star is of course the general lee . the car chases and stunts are excellent and that  s really what d . o . h . is all about . johnny knoxville is his usual eccentric self and along with seann william scott as cousin bo the pair make this film really funny in a hilarious dumb  and  dumber sort of way the tv series never achieved . the lovely jessica simpson is a natch as miss daisy  burt reynolds makes a much improved boss hog and m . c . gainey makes a believably nasty rosco p . coltrane  the way he always should have been .  br    br   if you don  t like slapstick humour and crazy car stunts then you wouldn  t be watching this film anyway because you should know what to expect . otherwise if you want an entertaining car  action movie with a few good laughs that  s not too taxing on the brain then go see this enjoyable romp with an open mind .  
i  m a huge fan of the dukes of hazzard tv show . and i really enjoyed this flick . i enjoyed myself here a lot more than i did with other summer blockbusters .  br    br   it  s funny hearing people rail against this movie with excuses like  lame plot  and  it  s much cruder than the show .  does anyone remember the crudeness of the humor in the pilot episode  daisy makes incest jokes and bo says that luke had probably fathered half the kids in the orphanage . the only reason it was cleaned up is because it changed to and earlier time slot .  br    br   and as far as the plot goes . it was the perfect dukes plot . in fact as a remake it probably stays truer to the source material than any tv show that has migrated to the big screen .  br    br   while sean william scott and johnny knoxville aren  t exactly like their small screen versions  they do a great job and work very well together . i wasn  t too keen on burt  s boss hogg though . and i would have like a little bit more incompetence from sheriff roscoe . in the movie roscoe is a little . . . scary .  br    br   and who didn  t have a smile on their face as the general lee is racing through the streets of atlanta and the back roads of hazzard   br    br   folks  allow yourself to enjoy a movie that is just an excuse for nostalgia  bikinis and car chases  you won  t be sorry . it  s just a great dumb movie   
i saw this movie when i was a child . it blew me away . this was before the days of television  so a movie of this magnitude  could send a young kid into orbit . it so impressed me  that i went to see this movie for twelve consecutive days . the special effects used at this time were far ahead of its  time . sabu was a real delight  as was rex ingram as the genie . i found myself singing  i want to be a sailor  for months after the film left town . i would recommend this movie to any and everyone . i forgot to mention conrad veidt  who was as villainous a character as you  d ever want to meet . also  june duprez was never lovelier than she was in this picture . the color was outstanding . give this movie an aaa   
loved the movie . i even liked most of the actors in it . but  for me ms . davis  very poor attempt at an accent  and her stiff acting really makes an otherwise compelling movie very hard to watch . seriously if any other modern actor played the same role with the same style as ms . davis they would be laughed off the screen .  br    br   i really think she  phoned this one in  . now if it had myrna loy or ingrid bergman playing the part of the wife i would have enjoyed it much more .  br    br   i guess i just don  t  get  bette davis . i  ve always thought of her as an actor that  plays herself  no matter what role she  s in . the possible exception is now voyager .  br    br   i  m sure many of the other reviewers will explain in careful  and i hope civil  detail how i am totally wrong on this . but  i  ll continue to watch the movies she  s in because i like the stories  writing  supporting casts  but  i  ll always be thinking  of different actresses that could have done a better job .  
next to  star wars  and  the wizard of oz   this remains one of the greatest fantasy films ever made . it  s a true shame it  s not as well  known as the former films  maybe because it sticks to a story based on legends rather than contemporary or sci  fi settings  and that it  s british  meaning a smaller market for films  but its wonderful to know that it  s deserved that reputation .  br    br   like all great family films  one can be a child  an adult  or even a teenager to enjoy this film  i  m currently     but one must appreciate classic films first . i absolutely adore this film . it has an extraordinary music score by miklos rozsa  perhaps my favorite classic film score  that rivals any john williams  star wars  score  a fast but not flashy pace  beautiful sets  dialog  and use of color  both the sets and cinematography won oscars   and state  of  the  art oscar  winning special effects  for the time  and some are still stunning  . and  of course  june duprez  s sultry looks as the princess rivals that of catherine zeta  jones   she even looks like jones in a way   .  br    br   in conclusion  this is one of my all  time favorite movie  next to  the adventures of robin hood   and it truly deserves more attention . it is a true adventure of enchantment throughout  and  along with  robin hood   it  s my desert island film that i could watch over and over again without getting annoyed .  br    br   stars   excellent   
it is very rare for a film to appeal to viewers of all ages   to children for a fine narrative and a wonderful  colorful production  and  to adults  for a literate script  fine production values  good casting  acting  all bound together with a fine rozsa score . two roughly contemporary films accomplish this    thief of baghdad        and  the adventures of robin hood        . some of the back story on this production is fascinating . this production  commenced in england in the summer of      moved to hollywood  and proved a cover for british intelligence efforts  the producer  alexander korda  was subsequently knighted in     . here is a unique case of the intersection of art  commerce  and politics  by all means  secure a good cd of this film for your library   
this is a beautiful movie filled with adventure . the genii in the bottle is a classic scene . romantic in it  s finish  all things turn out as they should be . i saw this first as a child and have remembered it as a fantasy i wished was true .  
let  s cut a long story short . i loved every minute of it . a lavish fantasy in true arabian  nights style . there  s an evil magician  a pretty princess  a djinn and everybody lives happily ever after . modern hollywoond sure does have one or two things to learn from this classic . only quibble the special effects are pretty dated  loved sabu with the djinn  s foot  though    
a magical journey concocted by alexander korda and michael powell . these two titans of the british cinema have mixed some fabulous ingredients to produce a movie masterpiece  some of the most ravishing early technicolor  a sublime and shimmering miklos rozsa musical score along with the youthful exuberance of sabu  the theatrical and malevolent villainy of conrad veidt and the exquisite beauty and voice of june duprez as the princess all work wonderfully well . miles malleson who plays duprez father  the sultan of basra  also wrote the perfect screenplay which is appropriately grandiose . don  t miss this one  since posting the above comments  i have obtained the recently released dvd and can honestly say i  d never seen the picture properly until viewing this dvd version  the clarity and resolution is so precise and the colors are so vivid that i was stunned  this amazing classic can be watched time an again and never fails to charm and delight the viewer . again  a must see   
a fantastic arabian adventure . a former king  ahmad  and his best friend  the thief abu  played by sabu of black narcissus  search for ahmad  s love interest  who has been stolen by the new king  jaffar  conrad veidt  . there  s hardly a down moment here . it  s always inventing new adventures for the heroes . personally  i found ahmad and his princess a little boring  there  s no need to ask why john justin  who plays ahmad  is listed fourth in the credits  . conrad veidt  always a fun actor  makes a great villain  and sabu is a lot of fun as the prince of thieves  who at one point finds a genie in a bottle . i also really loved miles malleson as the sultan of basra  the father of the princess . he collects amazing toys from around the world . jaffar bribes him for his daughter  s hand with a mechanical flying horse . this probably would count as one of the great children  s films of all time  but the special effects are horribly dated nowadays . kids will certainly deride the superimposed images when abu and the genie are on screen together . and the scene with the giant spider looks especially awful . although most of the younger generation probably thinks that king kong looks bad at this point in time  willis o  brien  s stop  motion animation is a thousand times better than a puppet on a string that doesn  t even look remotely like a spider .     .  
this was usually producer alexander korda  s advice on set to many of his underlings the film is credited with three directors but in truth alex  zoltan korda and william cameron menzies helped out  pushing it to six .  br    br   for john kobal  s     book   the top    movies   his survey of   film critics saw the thief of bagdad reach   th place . a closer examination reveals only jose luis guarner  john russell taylor and kobal himself actually voted for the picture  but their high placings were enough to take it to near the half  way mark .  br    br   the outbreak of the second world war saw the movie  s production shifted around england and america  eventually seeing completion in     and winning three technical oscars . like citizen kane  it is in some ways perhaps a film you might admire rather than love .  br    br   the special effects  outstanding for the time  are still reasonable  and actually hold up if you squint . but it  s not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions . among them is an amusing horse  constructed out of a kit model  which  when a key is inserted up it  s rear end  begins to fly . there  s also a killer toy of the six  armed goddess kali   perhaps quite obviously a single woman with two women sitting behind her  and a quite horrific  looking giant spider . also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet . but most memorable has to be rex ingram appearing as  in a superb moment of cinematic conceit  a djinn  genie  nearly a thousand feet tall  ingram portrays the genie as quite a menacing creature  and adds an element of danger to the proceedings . and look out for the moment where he  s tricked back into his bottle   br    br   john justin does well as the arabic king who  for some strange reason  has an english accent and a stiff upper lip . sabu  the astonishingly muscled   year  old  is near  namesake abu  a likeably cocky thief . after they cross paths with the evil jaffer  conrad veidt   justin finds himself blind and abu is turned into a dog . when it seems the rest of the film will be told in flashback through the blind ahmed  s  justin  s  perspective  we find that halfway through the movie we catch up to the present and the adventure continues . in truth  the second half is someway the better  being full of greater incident and more fantastical in nature .  br    br   three small songs pepper the piece  though as the film lasts for    minutes this feels more like mild flavouring rather than a real ingredient i wouldn  t classify this as a musical . it  s all great fun justin and june duprez are the love interest for the mums and dads  veidt is the boo  hiss villain  and abu is the youthful  irrepressible robber . it may take a while to get into the somewhat dated mindset and overblown melodrama of   s english movies  but once you  ve sat through the first half an hour or so this film really draws you in . quite commendable .  
the making of the thief of bagdad is quite a story unto itself  almost as wondrous as the tale told in this film . alexander korda nearly went broke making this film .  br    br   according to the citadel film series book about the great british films  adopted son of the united kingdom alexander korda had conceived this film as early as     and spent years of planning and preparation . but world war ii unfortunately caught up with korda and the mounting expenses of filming a grand spectacle .  br    br   budget costs happen in us films too  only cecil b . demille always had a free hand at paramount after     when he returned there . but demille nor any of his american contemporaries had to worry about enemy bombs while shooting the film . part of the way through the shoot  korda transported the whole company to america and shot those sequences with rex ingram as the genie in our grand canyon . he certainly wasn  t going to get scenery like that in the uk . korda also finished the interiors in hollywood  all in time for a release on christmas day     .  br    br   the spectacle of the thing earned the thief of bagdad four academy award nominations and three oscars for best color cinematography  best artset direction for a color film  and best special effects . only miklos rosza  s original musical score did not take home a prize in a nominated category . korda must have been real happy about deciding to shoot in the grand canyon because it  s impossible to get bad color pictures from that place .  br    br   the special effects however do not overwhelm the simple story of good triumphing over evil . the good is the two young lovers john justin and june duprez and the evil is conrad veidt as the sorcerer who tries to steal both a kingdom and a heart  both belonging to duprez . this was veidt  s career role until casablanca where he played the luftwaffe major stroesser .  br    br   of course good gets a little help from an unlikely source . beggar boy and thief sabu who may very well have been one of the few who could call himself at the time an international movie star . literally rising from poverty working as an elephant stable boy for the maharajah of mysore he was spotted by alexander korda who needed a native lead for one of his jungle features . sabu captures all the innocence and mischievousness of youth as he fulfills the arabian nights fantasy of the boy who topples a tyrant . not a bad message to be sending out in     at that .  br    br   the thief of bagdad holds up remarkably well today . it  s an eternal tale of love  romance  and adventure in any order you want to put it .  
although time has revealed how some of the effects were done this story of love and adventure still is special .  br    br   if you  ve never seen this film before you  ll be shocked at how much has been stolen by later film makers . i was watching this with a friend who was amazed at how much disney  s aladdin cribbed from the film . they loved the movie and enjoyed that it was such a touchstone for so many other films and film makers .  br    br   i  ve given the film an  out of   instead of a   out of ten  which is where a good portion of this film dwells  because in the final   minutes the film falls apart in the pacing . everything is rushed as if they has to suddenly get to the end . from the point from the departure of the djinn to the end it appears to be more sketch then finished painting . it doesn  t kill the film  but it does weaken it .  br    br   still its required viewing for anyone who loves a good fairy tale  or even a great movie .  
this was a favorite of my childhood  i can remember seeing it on television and thrilling to it each time . now that i  m grown up and have a kid of my own  i wanted to introduce him to this classic movie . we watched it last friday  and he liked it . during abu  s fight with the giant spider  my son  s hand crept over and took hold of mine  he was genuinely scared .  is he gonna beat the spider  poppa   just watch  you  ll see . he has no historical frame of reference to speak of  eight years old   so bagdad under the grandson of haroun al  raschid might as well be oz under ozma .  br    br   i think he especially liked how much of the heroics and derring  do were perpetrated by the boy  thief  and not the grown  up king . in fact  if you deconstruct the film  s narrative a bit  the king is the thief  s sidekick  not the hero at all  which must be very satisfying to imaginative  adventurous young boys .  br    br   it  s definitely a period piece  i suspect that by the time he  s eleven or twelve  my son will find it  corny  or whatever word the next generation will be using by then . the love story is barely one  dimensional  as a cynical friend commented   why does ahmad love the princess  because the narrative demands it .  the willingness of abu to put himself in jeopardy  repeatedly  for the clueless  love  struck deposed king is equally improbable . but to quibble about such things while accepting flying mechanical horses  fifty  foot genies and the temple of the all  seeing eye would be fatuous in the extreme . the satisfaction of seeing the prophecy fulfilled at the movie  s climax is tremendous  as is the final shot of abu triumphantly flying away on his  stolen  magic carpet  seeking  some fun  and adventure at last    
i have seen this film several times  and watched it today  on tcm  solely because of geraldine fitzgerald . she is a much underrated actress and i have to admit i have had a crush on her since i first saw her  probably in  wuthering heights    or more years ago  . the real star in this movie  however  is paul lukas  and he deserved all the accolades he got . he makes it clear  whether we like it or not  that the end justifies the means . naziism had to be stopped  and anything that helped do it was good . he gave his children a line about being bad  and that they should not be bad  but as he said earlier when conversing with adults  he would do this sort of thing again without hesitation . lukas did give an excellent portrayal of a man caught in this situation  and made it clear that what he did was a very hard thing to do .  br    br   some people think his victim was a nazi  but i don  t think so  i think he was only after the money . his nazi associates knew this and that is why they did not have much use for him .  br    br   one interesting point in the film  and presumably also in the play  is the fact that muller  lucas  is a german . while the anti german hysteria of wwi was not repeated in wwii  there was considerable anti  german sentiment and some germans were interred similar to what happened in california with people of japanese ancestry . it was something of an act of bravery for hellman to write a play about good germans at this time  maybe she thought they were the ones who signed the nazi  soviet pact   . after all  the us and british air forces were bombing german cities and having no qualms about killing innocent civilians . i think  however  that the dresden bombing and firestorm happened later  after  watch on the rhine  was released .  br    br   the title is something of a play on words  as the  watch  is looking west  from germany . in fact  watch am rhein was a german army marching song  used in wwii  but the nazis had their own marching song that was used as well . but muller is a german and he is engaged in his own  wach am rhein  .  br    br   all the other actors did an excellent job here although bodo was too much there are children like him . i am surprised he did not give his father  s secret away . in real life  he may very well have done so .  
when i read other comment  i decided to watch this movie . . .  br    br   first  cast specially michael madsen and tamer karadagli good enough . . .  br    br   film  very intelligence and interesting because  cast have a lot of international specially european actor and actress like from turkey and russsia . . .  br    br   second  story is basic and you can guess but if you interesting action good play you  ll like in my opinion . . .  br    br   third  final chapter is not special or interesting  it  s regular like other action movies . . .  br    br   finally  i recommend to watch this movie . . . and i hope you  ll love it enjoy d  
probably the finest fantasy film ever made . sumptuous colour  spectacular sets  incredible  spot  on miklos rosza musical score that is perfect for each scene and mood . acting is superb as well in what could have been stiff and pretentious in lesser hands  but here the poetic dialog is deftly  sensitively spoken  the humour is subtle and delightful as well  .  br    br   doubtless spielberg and lucas were enthralled by this one . along with  the four feathers         one of the two finest motion pictures released by alexander korda and london films    and one of the finest motion pictures ever made .  br    br   a true  compelling classic   
words can hardly describe it  so i  ll be brief .  the thief of bagdad  was my favorite movie as a child  and it has never ceased to astound or enchant me . i loved this film from the first moment i saw it  when i was a boy of six who had started reading  the arabian nights .  i remember walking into the tv room in the middle of sabu  s battle with the giant spider and being instantly beguiled .  br    br   rarely has so much beauty  magic  and wonder been captured on film . sabu and john justin are superb as the dashing heros  conrad veidt is throughly delightful as the wicked villain jaffar  and rex ingram is a joy to watch as the sardonic genie . georges perinal  s photography is some of the best use of technicolor . one of the three credited directors is michael powell  a filmmaker who has been rightfully heralded by the critics but is often overlooked by audiences for his remarkable films  including  a matter of life and death   aka  stairway to heaven   and  the red shoes .  he is one of the true masters of the camera  right up there with david lean  akira kurosawa  and orson welles .  br    br   as with all great works of art  the beauty of  the thief of bagdad  lies in the detail . every frame has its own magical charm . the story never lags  and the characters and their actions are always involving . here is a film that will never grow old .  
i first saw thief as a child which makes me almost as old as the jinn i guess . as any kid would be  i was delighted with the imagination  inventiveness and energy of the film . several years later  i realized how much of the satire and wit of the script i had missed on that first viewing . i have never passed up an opportunity to watch it throughout the intervening years . in addition to the script  the production transcends the fantasy genre . this is korda  the storyteller at his very best . when you see thief as a child you know that youve had a great time . when you see thief as an adult you know that youve seen a masterpiece . its as timeless as the story it treats . an amazing work .  br    br   thomas mccarthy  
this is an oriental fantasy about thousand and one arabian nights plenty of incredible adventures  fantasy witchery and wizardly . the malignant vizier jaffar  magnificently played by conrad veidt  with powerful magic faculties imprisons the prince ahamad of bagdad  attractive john justin  who loses his throne  then he escapes thanks a little thief named abu  sympathetic sabu  . they arrive basora where ahamad and the princess  gorgeous june duprez  fall in love . but prince and thief are haunted by jaffar  ahamd is turned blind and abu is become a dog . the story accumulates several fantastic ingredients such as transformation of the starring  a flying mechanic horse  magic bow  flying carpet and of course the colossal genie  overacting performed by rex ingram  who gives three wishes to sabu  the magic eye  the figure of goddess kali with several hands  among others .  br    br   this remarkable picture ranks as one of the finest fantastic films of all time . produced by london fim  s alexander korda and directed by the definitively credited ludwing berger  michael powell and tim whelan with a stunning screenplay by lajos biro and miles malleson also dialogs writer and actor as sultan fond to mechanic games . the wwii outbreak caused the paralyzing shooting  then the three korda brothers and collaborators traveled usa continuing there the filming in especial on grand cannon colorado . the splendid visual and glimmer technicolor cinematography  setting and fx provoked the achieving three oscars  production design by william cameron menzies and vincent korda  cinematography by george perinal and special effects by osmond borradaile though today are dated and is urgent a necessary remastering because the colors are worn  out . furthermore one nomination for the evocative and oriental musical score by miklos rozsa . this vivid tale with immense doses of imagination will like to fantasy fans and cinema classic buffs  
despite having  different directors  this fantasy hangs together remarkably well .  br    br   it was filmed in england  nowhere near morocco  in studios and on a few beaches . at the outbreak of war  everything was moved to america and some scenes were filmed in the grand canyon .  br    br   notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song   i want to be a bandit  can  t you understand it  . it remains a favourite of many people .  
this film  was one of my childhood favorites and i must say that  unlike some other films i liked in that period the thief of bagdad has held on to it  s quality while i grew up . this is not merely a film to be enjoyed by children  it can be watched and enjoyed by adults as well . the only drawback there is  is that one can not see past the bad  effects  compared to the effects nowadays  like one could when one was a child . i remembered nothing of those effects  of course it had been about ten years since i  d seen this film  when i was about eleven years old . who then watches effects  one only seeks good stories and entertainment and this is exactly what this film provides . in my mind this film is one of the first great adventure films of the   th century . coming to think of it i feel like the indiana jones films are quite a like this film . there is comedy  romance and adventure all in one  which creates a wonderful mixture that will capture you from the beginning until the end and although the film is old and the music and style of the films is clearly not modern  it succeeds in not being dusty and old . all of that is mainly due to the great story  the good directing and the good acting performances of the actors . in that department sabu  as abu  and conrad veidt  as jaffar  stand out  providing the comedic and the chilling elements of the film for the most part . great film and although an  oldie   definitely a goldie  . i hope someone has the brain and guts to release this one on dvd someday .  br    br    out of    
abu  the thief of bagdad  helps king ahmed regain his kingdom from a wicked sorcerer .  br    br   as europe was going to war and significant sections of the world was going up in flames  sir alexander korda  s london films unveiled this lavish escapist fare from the legends of the arabian nights . replete with swords  sorcery  it gave audiences in     a short respite from the headlines . it also is a fine piece of film making  featuring good acting and an intelligent script .  br    br   conrad veidt gets top billing and he deserves it  playing the evil magician jaffar . his saturnine face with its piercing eyes makes one recall the macabre roles he played with such relish during silent days . here is a villain worth watching . as the boyish thief  sabu is perfectly cast in this  his third film . while not a hero in the typical sense of the word  his character is certainly heroic in deed  action .  br    br   the rest of the cast do fine work . john justin is both energetic  sensitive as the unenlightened king who must learn about the realities of live the hard way sabu gets a significant part of the action  when he  s not transformed into a dog  but justin is appropriately athletic when needs must . lovely june duprez plays the endangered princess of basra  coveted by two very different men . appearing late in the film  massive rex ingram shakes things up as a genie with an attitude .  br    br   allan jeayes uses his fine voice to good advantage as the storyteller . miles malleson gets another eccentric role as the childlike sultan of basra  forever dithering on about his mechanical toys  malleson was also responsible for the film  s screen play  dialogue  . aged morton selten portrays the benevolent king of legend . mary morris  later an exceptional stage actress  plays the dual roles of jaffar  s accomplice and the six  armed silver dancer .  br    br   the film was begun in britain  but wartime difficulties made korda move it to southern california  which probably explains the presence of american ingram in the cast . the art direction  in vibrant technicolor  is most attractive  especially the fairy tale architecture in blues  whites  pinks .  br    br     br    br   born sabu dastagir in      sabu was employed in the maharaja of mysore  s stables when he was discovered by korda  s company and set before the cameras . his first four films  elephant boy       the drum       the thief of bagdad       jungle book       were his best and he found himself working out of hollywood when they were completed . after distinguished military service in world war ii he resumed his film career  but he became endlessly confined for years playing ethnic roles in undistinguished minor films  black narcissus       being the one great exception . his final movie  walt disney  s a tiger walks       was an improvement  but it was too late . sabu had died of a heart attack in late      only   years of age .  
the story  line of  the thief of bagdad  is complex  owing to its being told in flashbacks and having three separate and equally important strands woven together . the screenplay by lajo biros and the dialogue by miles malleson keep the story moving skillfully at all points . the young king ahmad of bagdad is angry at his vizier jaffar for executing a man for having different ideas . he discovers while in disguise that people blame him for jaffar  s deeds and hate him . he is imprisoned by jaffar  where he meets abu the young thief . the two escape and take a boat to the city of basra . there the companions spy when men clear the way so none will see the princess of the city passing by . ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden . he tells her he has come to her from beyond time and wins a kiss . then he is captured . when jaffar comes to win the princess of basra for himself  ahmad attacks the evil vizier who blinds him and turns abu into a dog . jaffar then asks for the princess  s hand  and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the sultan of basra . the blind ahmad then tells his tale in the marketplace  accompanied by abu as his dog . the prince has fallen into a sleep and nothing can wake her . so jaffar sends his servant halima for ahmad and the dog  in hopes the prince can rouse her . he does awaken her . she boards a ship to find a doctor to cure ahmad  but she is captured by jaffar who then throws the dog overboard . she then allows jaffar to take her in his arms  on his promise to restore ahmad  s sight and turn abu back into a thief . the princess sees a vision of ahmad he is in a boat jaffar sends a storm to beset him and abu is shipwrecked on a deserted island . abu finds a genie or djinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries spent imprisoned in a bottle . abu tricks him into proving he really came from so small a vessel  then corks him in again . for freeing him  he gets three wishes . his first is for sausages . in the meanwhile  the princess pleads with her father to refuse jaffar but jaffar shows the sultan a new mechanical toy  one of whose six arms stabs him to death . abu makes a second wish  to find ahmad . the cunning genie flies him to the goddess of the all  seeing eye . abu has to climb a great web to get to the gem that is the eye  battling a giant spider  then scaling the goddess  s statue . abu gazes into the  eye  and sees ahmad in a canyon . he has the genie take him to ahmad . ahmad uses the eye to see the princess . she smells a flower and forgets everything at once . abu wishes they were in bagdad  but the genie laughs and leaves jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him  omitting mention of ahmad . ahmad tries to fight his way to the princess  but jaffar smashes the  eye  . abu finds himself in the  land of legend   where the old men who rule want to make him their king . he steals a bow and a magic carpet and escapes instead  to hurry to save ahmad and the princess . the thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner  using his bow from the flying carpet  to the wonder of the throng who had come to watch the execution . jaffar tries to flee on the mechanical flying horse  but another shot from the bow finishes him . ahmad is ruler again and plans to wed his princess but when he tries to make abu his vizier  the young thief refuses  saying that what he wants is adventure  not hard work and confinement in a palace however grand it may be . this fantastic story was given a sumptuous production by producer alexander korda . the production was designed by vincent korda who was also art director  while georges perinal did the colorful cinematography . the directors credited are ludwig berger and michael powell  with tim whelan  alexander korda  william cameron menzies and zoltan korda participating . the extraordinary and numerous costumes designs were the work of john armstrong  oliver messel and marcel vertes . the production  apart from its gorgeous and expensive  looking visual splendors  i claim is dominated by two other elements  the choral music of miklos rozsa and the performance by conrad veidt as the evil jaffar . rex ingram plays the genie with a curious accent  plus his usual intelligence and power . june duprez is lovely and effective as the princess mary morris is a sad and beautiful halima  and miles malleson a properly bumbling and avaricious sultan . as ahmad  john justin appears to do most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love and then some he is memorably good in his winning role . this film has a spaciousness about it that is found  i assert  in other korda works also . its imaginative content stands in contrast to very  strong realistic sets  costumes and set  design elements . this is one of the most memorable idea  level fantasies of all time  worthy to be enjoyed over and over .  
i first saw this movie when i was a little kid and fell in love with it at once . the sets are breath taking and some of the script is damn right hilarious  you sons of a thousand fleas  .  br    br   it is always shown on tv late at night or really early in the morning i woke up at about     am once and it had just started . tv companys need to show a little more respect and put it on prime time sunday so everyone can get a chance to view this fine work .  br    br         
  the movie tells the tale of a prince whose life is wonderful  but after an evil wizard tells him to go into town disguised as a beggar the wizard then locks up the prince and soon becomes the shadow ruler of baghdad . the jailed prince meets a thief called abu who helps him escape the jail and head to a town called basra where he meets a princess who he falls madly in love with  but unbeknown to him the evil wizard jafa is also in love with the princess and tries to convince her father to allow him to marry her . jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the girls heart so he makes him blind and turns abu into a dog . this leads to the prince and abu going off on an adventure to find a way to defeat jafa  restore peace to baghdad and marry the princess . during their journey they encounter everything from sarcastic genies that takes abu on a flight through the clouds  a giant spider that  s really hungry  and a flying horse that probably gives birth to one of the most beautiful sequence these old eyes of mine have ever seen .  br    br    this is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish it has flying horses  genies  flying carpets  and wizards that can actually do magic instead of just hit people with their staffs . it doesn  t have any cheesy moments and the love story isn  t a waste of time . the production designs are just stunning in this movie . from the palaces to the different dangerous traps that the heroes encounter . even though this movie is over   years old  the production design is far better than most of the crap that gets tacked on in today  s cinema . the music and songs are also well done . anyone who sees it will no doubt hail   i want to be a sailor sailing on the seas  as one of the great musical moments in movies . i  m usually not a huge fan of singing in movies since i find them about as enjoyable as doing my taxes but i  ll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie .  br    br    what sells the movie for me is the sheer fact that you get to see things you don  t see in everyday life which is also the same reason why i love stuff like  two towers  and  silent hill  . way before today  s modern fantasy movie came along with their realistic cgi to blow our minds there was this movie which blew your mind without having green screen scattered all over the place . one of my favorite shots in  two towers  is the one where we see the trolls opening the black gates  the main appeal of that shot for me was seeing these great fantasy beings doing what is essentially manual labor  and that  s what i love about the genie and other creatures in the movie . they  re just there trying to make a living just like everyone else which gives them a real feel even though they  re all just fantasy beings .  br    br    it  s literally impossible to watch this movie and not notice where the makers of  aladdin  got their inspiration . the characters from this movie are pretty much the same characters in that movie from the talkative genie right down to the flying carpet . it  s not an entirely bad thing in my eyes since it  s nice to know that i  m not the only one on the planet that has a deep passionate love for this amazing movie . i first saw this as a kid in the motherland and thought it was the greatest thing in the world and upon watching it again last week i still think it  s amazing . that  s a true testament that a great movie can withstand the test of time . sure  the effects look a wee bit outdated and cheesy but it was made way back in the    s so give it a break . not everything looks outdated though since most of the stuff can still hold its own today when scrutinized under today  s standard .  br    br    if you ever wanted to see a live action version of  aladdin  then you should get your wish with this but the angry cynical bunch will probably do good in avoiding this since this won  t be their cup of tea .  
outstanding film of     with paul lukas giving an oscar calibrated performance as the head of his family bringing them back to america from europe as the nazi menace deepened .  br    br   the usual terrific bette davis maintains her reputation here and for a change was not nominated for best actress for this or any film of     .  br    br   encounting treachery around them  lukas successfully deals with the situation . he knows he must return to europe on a clandestine mission and return he does .  br    br   davis again pulls out all the stops with a katharine hepburn  like shedding of tears when they must part . resolute  she knows that her older son  must follow him on his path to liberty .  br    br   a wonderful film highlighting american positive propaganda against a wicked foe .  
the thief of baghdad is one of my ten all  time favorite movies . it is exciting without gore  it is beautifully filmed and the art direction is flawless . the casting couldn  t have been better . rex ingram made me believe in genies . and the epitome of evil is certainly captured by conrad veight as jafar . he set the bar very high .  br    br   . . i watch this movie at least twice a year . . . and never tire of it . this film is an adventure for all ages . . no  one too old to enjoy it . the thief of bahgdad jogs my memories to a more innocent time . . . i was ten years old the first time i saw it and the u . s . was just about to enter wwii . conrad vieght was such a great actor that he was able to continue this underlying  evilness  a few years later in  casablanca .  and korda teamed up  i believe  with justin and dupree again in  the four feathers  . . . . great film  making   
an utterly beautiful film  one of a handful of i saw when young that entranced me then and still do  in thief  s case the impression actually seems to get better with the passing of time . by the     s my daughter and i had seen it many times on tv but still went to the pictures when it came to the local art  house cinema  when it had finished we came out starry eyed with heads full of poetry and miklos rozsa  s stirring music wishing it could have lasted a couple of hours longer and thinking what a beautiful world it suddenly was again .  br    br   idealistic prince ahmad wants to slum it amongst his people for a while to check things out  but evil vizier jaffar takes his chance to imprison him and seize the throne . after escaping with a little thief played by sabu  ahmad spots a princess and they fall blindingly in love  along the way they have many adventures  although apparently not enough for sabu   and love not only conquers but annihilates everything . the special effects must have been mesmerising in      but time has taken its toll and lessened their impact especially since digital cartoonery has taken over even live action  but they still hold up well compared against films like superman from   years later . anyway  if i  m requested to suspend disbelief in gargantuan guffawing genies  flying horses and carpets i also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects  favourite bits the dreamy scene in the sunlit garden when ahmad reveals himself and adelaide hall  s suitably romantic song the stunning colours in the tent in the land of legend  in fact  the stunning colours throughout sabu and rozsa  s triumphant but still wistful finale . conrad veidt played the baddie in two of the most incredible movie romances ever  this and casablanca  and then died . john justin and june duprez were great in the leading roles of lovers  both of them slightly and refreshingly stilted  but the parts didn  t call for a huge range of emotions only pure love mattered .  br    br   there  s a couple of mildly violent images in it  but rest assured this is a glorious feelgood experience with a     positive message  it  s only a pity that nowadays little kids don  t watch this instead of the porn they prefer . one of my top   film favourites  i can  t recommend this too much  may it be shown to the end of time .  
the thief of bagdad is a treasure . first and foremost  it is a good story . though my four children  s primary exposure to this tale  the most famous of the stories of the arabian nights  comes from the disney corporation  the thief of bagdad held their interest to the end . the story moves along at a good pace and includes a twist or two that reduced predictability . sabu  who plays the young thief  abu  also measures up to any of today  s teen actors in appeal  judging from the number of times i heard my oldest daughter say   he  s c  u  t  e    br    br   in      the film won oscars for cinematography and special effects . today  of course  those effects seem very dated   look  it  s barbie flying through the air   declared my daughter at the sight of the genie flying  . yet they fit into the story well . the film is  after all  over   years old . the effects fit with the script . furthermore  what ones sees in the thief of bagdad remained pretty much state  of  the  art for the next twenty  five years . one need only compare the opening montage from a     star trek episode to see this . in that  it was quite an achievement .  br    br   this qualifies as a family film  though there are a few stabbings near the end . the acting is so obvious and the wounds so bloodless as to those scenes nearly as artificial as animation .  br    br   all in all  a fun film worth watching for either an evening of pure entertainment  or for the historical value of the effects . i recommend it .  
i grew up with this as my all  time favorite film . the special effects are incredible for the era  and won awards . i can remember the dialogue as if i  d heard it yesterday . it is simply a great  timeless adventure . the music is by miklos rosza  who is cinema history  s best . sabu is the thief . conrad veidt is the grand villain . i have a copy within reach  for the next trip down memory lane . whoa there  rex ingram wants out of his genii bottle   
i first discovered alexander korda  s       fantasy  the thief of bagdad in the early      s on a re  issue billed as  the wonder show of the century   both korda technicolor films  the thief of bagdad and jungle book were shown on one never to be forgotten program . the music of miklos rozsa enhanced both films . the technicolor in each was incredibly beautiful  the thief of bagdad has remained on my list as the best fantasy film ever made . as the years passed  it became more difficult to enjoy the film  s color in the way it had originally been presented in . true technicolor gave way to a eastman color process in the middle      s . both kino and samuel goldwyn reissued the film both theatrically and on video . but the eastman color prints were more pastel in nature and muted the vibrancy of the original technicolor . the laser disc release of this title also has the pastel look to it   nice  but not as it should be . now comes the m  g  m dvd   dec      issue . the thief of bagdad again has the wonderful technicolor look to it on a dvd that is nothing short of stunning    it was so exciting to see it like this once again that after viewing the dvd once  i watched it a second time . the only  extras  are a spanish dubbed version  sub  titles in both english  spanish  and a beautifully done original theatrical trailer . thank you m  g  m for this exceptional dvd release . now  one can only hope that korda  s four feathers and a restored version of korda  s jungle book  to replace to poor public domain prints in circulation  will soon follow on dvd .  
three flash  backs introduce the main characters  abu  jaffar  and the princess  who will interact with ahmad three are the songs  each linked to those same characters . three times does ahmad pronounce the absolute word  time   in his declaration of love to the princess  answering her three questions at their first of three meetings . so strong is the impression he causes  that the princess will resist the three attempts by jaffar to conquer her  by three successive ploys deceit  hypnosis  and memory erasing . yet  jaffar owns what he describes as the three inescapable instruments of domination over a woman the whip  the power  and the sword . three is the number of flying entities the mechanical  horse  the genie  and the the genie and the magic carpet . the genie offers three wishes to abu at their first of three encounters three times does the genie laugh loud in the mountain gorges  and three are his considerations about human frailty  before he departs . abu overcomes three obstacles in the temple of dawn  armed guards  giant  spider  and giant  octopus  . three are the instruments of justice the magical eye that shows abu the future  the magical carpet that transports him just in time to save ahmad and the princess  and the bow  and  arrow to execute jaffar . there  s magic in the number three  and there is magic in this movie .  
like the arabian nights this film plays with storytelling conventions in order to make us feel that there  s plot  plot and more plot it opens with what appears to be the frame device of a blind man telling the story of his life  then plunges into a flashback which takes us right up to the blind man  s present  where we discover that about half of the story is yet to come .  it must be admitted that the second half doesn  t quite live up to the promise of the first .  like the arabian nights it tries to cram as many middle  eastern folk motiffs as possible into the one work . a freed genie  a beautiful princess  a flying carpet  fantastic mechanical toys  sea voyages  a crowded marketplace  a wicked vizier  jewels . . . i don  t know why it all works  but it does . everything is just so beautiful . the sets are beautiful . june duprez is beautiful . rozsa  s score is especially beautiful . as usual  it sounds hungarian but somehow he manages to convince us that he  s being hungarian in a persian way .  
  the thief of bagdad  is impressive in the shape of the evil magician jaffar  conrad veidt  . he plots with lies and magic spells to obtain the kingdom from its rightful ruler the young king ahmad  and a gorgeous princess from her father . . .  br    br   he falls victim in the end  as all tyrants do  in books and legends  to love and of the common man whom he ignored  here embodied by the little thief  sabu  .  br    br   the armies of good and evil  black and white  are superbly realized in both visual and literary terms . . .  br    br   the script is poetic  simply and very beautiful . . . the costumes of the magician and his men rising and falling like the wings of black birds  attacking suddenly in the night to inflict destruction and create terror . . .  br    br   the radiant hero wears white turbans and robes  and his princess is dressed in pinks and pale blues . . .  br    br   for spectacular scenes it matched all that had gone before  while through its use of color  it brought to life a world such as had not seemed possible before . . .  br    br   with flying carpet and flying white horse  with a giant genie  excellently played by rex ingram   with evil wizards  and with the good acting of sabu and veidt   the thief of bagdad  captures the quality and true atmosphere of the arabian nights . . .  br    br   the     version remains the screen  s finest fairy tale   
the story of the boy thief of bagdad  as it was once spelled  has attracted filmmakers from raoul walsh in      who starred douglas fairbanks in the first  silent  rendering of  thief of bagdad   to less imposing  more recent attempts . the best  however  remains      s version which for its time was a startling  magical panoply of top quality special effects . those effects still work their charm .  br    br   no less than six directors are listed for the technicolor movie which starred sabu as the boy thief  abu  john justin as the dreamily in love deposed monarch  ahmad and june duprez as the lovely princess sought by ahmad and pursued by the evil vizier  jaffar  played by a sinister conrad veidt . the giant genie is ably acted by rex ingram .  br    br   ahmad is treacherously deposed by jaffar and when later arrested by that traitorous serpent  he and the boy  abu  suffer what are clearly incapacitating fates . ahmad is rendered blind and abu becomes a lovable mutt . their adventures through the gaily decorated hollywood backlots are fun but the special effects make this film work .  br    br   two men were responsible for everything from a magic flying carpet to the gargantuan genie who pops out of a bottle with a tornado  like black swirl lawrence w . butler and tom howard .  howard  incidentally  did the special effects for the     version of this film . both men had long and distinguished careers in technical wizardry .   br    br   duprez is outstandingly lovely while little called on for serious acting . justin  s ahmad projects a driven but dreamy romanticism untouched by erotic impulses . sabu is really the central actor in many scenes and he  s very good . for a movie meant for kids as well as adults there  s a fair amount of violence but of the bloodless kind . still  i don  t think anyone under eight ought to see  thief of bagdad .   br    br   this film makes periodic appearances on tv but today my teenage son and i saw it in a theater with quite a few youngsters present . it was great to see computer  besotted kids in an affluent community respond with cheers and applause to special effects that must seem primitive to them .  br    br    thief of bagdad  is a pre  war hollywood classic from a time when strong production values often resulted in enduringly attractive and important releases . this is one of the best of its kind .  br    br       .  
i have to agree with mr . caruso jr lanza  s was the finest voice god had to offer if only he could have found the courage to go for broke leave hollywood and head for the opera he could have been the american caruso everyone says he could have been but in any case he is a fantastic introduction to the art form no bones about it and if thats the way its gonna be so be it . see the film you  ll see why mr lanza still come up in discussion even in my house . someone says pavarotti i say mario lanza . as for the film itself when will it be on dvd they must have it restored and vhs isn  t good enough but this should also be the only lanza film put on dvd the others are down right bad and boring .  
watch on the rhine started as a broadway play by lillian hellman who wrote the film and saw it open on broadway at a time when the soviet union was still bound to nazi germany by that infamous non  aggression pact signed in august of     . so much for the fact that hellman was merely echoing the communist party line  the line didn  t change until a couple of months later . lillian was actually months ahead of her time with this work .  br    br   the play watch on the rhine ran from april     to february     for    performances and five players came over from broadway to repeat their roles frank wilson as the butler  eric roberts as the youngest son  lucile watson as the family matriarch and most importantly villain george coulouris and paul lukas .  br    br   lukas pulled an award hat trick in     winning an oscar  a golden globe  and the new york film critics for best actor . probably if the tony awards had been in existence then he would have won that as well . the oscar is even more remarkable when you consider who he was up against  humphrey bogart for casablanca  gary cooper in for whom the bell tolls  mickey rooney in the human comedy  and walter pidgeon for madame curie . every one of his competitors was a bigger box office movie name than he was . lukas  s nomination is usually the kind the academy gives to round out a field .  br    br   jack warner knew that which is why mady christians did not repeat her broadway part and the role of lukas  s wife was given to bette davis . davis took the part not because this was an especially showy role for her  but because she believed in the picture and just wanted to be associated with it . it  s the same reason she did the man who came to dinner  a much lighter play than this one .  br    br   davis is the daughter of a late american supreme court justice who married a german national back in the weimar days . after many years of being vagabonds on the continent of europe  davis lukas  and their three children come to america which has not yet entered the european war . they  re made welcome by lucile watson who is thrilled naturally at finally meeting her grandchildren .  br    br   the fly in this ointment are some other house guests  a friend of davis  s from bygone days geraldine fitzgerald and her husband who is also from europe  a rumanian diplomat and aristocrat george coulouris . coulouris is a wastrel and a spendthrift and he smells an opportunity for double dealing when he suspects lukas  s anti  fascist background .  br    br   his suspicions are quite correct  it  s the reason that the family has been the vagabonds they  ve become . lukas fought in spain on the republican side and was wounded there . his health has not been the same since . his family loyally supports him in whatever decision he makes . those decisions affect all the other members of the cast .  br    br   adding quite a bit more to the broadway play including some lovely fascist creatures was dashiell hammett who was lillian hellman  s significant other . coulouris playing cards at the german embassy was a hammett creation with such loathsome types as henry daniell  kurt katch  clyde fillmore  erwin kalser and rudolph anders .  br    br   coulouris is truly one of the most despicable characters ever brought to screen as the no account runmanian count . he was a metaphor for his own country who embraced the nazis with gusto and then equally repudiated them without losing a step after stalingrad .  br    br   lucile watson was up for best supporting actress in      but lost to katina paxinou in for whom the bell tolls . dashiell hammett was nominated for best adapted screenplay and the film itself lost for best picture to that other anti  fascist classic  casablanca .  br    br   though it  s an item firmly planted in those specific times  watch on the rhine still packs a stern anti  fascist message that bears repeating infinitely .  
the great caruso displays the unique talents of mario lanza . he shows great acting capacity and is in top form as a lyrical singer  paired with dorothy kirsten  soprano of the metropolitan opera . indeed  i dare to say that he performs some songs better than caruso  check a  vuchella from tosti and la danza from rossini  . the mgm art and music departments also did a good job . this movie could be perfect  were it not for the awkward presence of ann blyth we see that she is trying her best  dressed in the fifties style in scenes just before      unforgivable . lanza deserved a better leading lady  and blyth should stick to less demanding productions . also notice that ms . kirsten sings most of the opera duets of the film with lanza  giving the wrong notion that caruso had a kind of permanent leading soprano .  
this is a most handsome film . the color photography is beautiful as it shows the lavishness of the metropolitan opera house in brilliant color . other indoor scenes at various mansions  etc are equally brilliant . as for the music  what more can be said other than that lanza  s voice was at its  peak as he sang so many of the worlds  best known and beloved arias . the marvelous dorothy kirsten is also a joy as her soprano voice blends with that of lanza in delightful harmony . of course  hollywood took their customary liberties with the life story of caruso . there is precious little in the story line that relates to actual events . for example  the facts relating to his death are totally fabricated and bear no relationship to the truth . there are some very good web sites that tell the true story of caruso and contain several pictures of him . these web sites can be located by using any good search engine . there are also several books available concerning his life history . but  the fictional story line does nothing to mar this beautiful film . the voices of lanza  kirsten  and the chorus members are the real stars of this movie . enjoy  i know that i sure did .  
mario lanza  of course  is  the great caruso  in this     film also starring ann blyth  dorothy kirsten  eduard franz and ludwig donath . this is a highly fictionalized biography of the legendary  world  renowned tenor whose name is known even today .  br    br   the film is opulently produced  and the music is glorious and beautifully sung by lanza  kirsten  judmila novotna  blanche thebom  and other opera stars who appeared in the film . if you  re a purist  seeing people on stage smiling during the sextet from  lucia  will strike you as odd  even if caruso  s wife dorothy just had a baby girl . also it  s highly unlikely that caruso ever sang edgardo in lucia the role lay too high for him .  br    br   in taking dramatic license  the script leaves out some very dramatic parts of caruso  s life . what was so remarkable about him is that he actually created roles in operas that are today in the standard repertoire  yet this is never mentioned in the film . these roles include maurizio in adriana lecouvreur and dick johnson in  girl of the golden west   there is a famous photo of him posing with a sheet wrapped around him like a toga . the reason for that photo  his only shirt was in the laundry . he was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long partnership with the victor talking  machine company  later rca victor  . he was singing jose in carmen in san francisco the night of the earthquake .  br    br   instead  the mgm story basically has him dying on stage during a performance of martha  which never happened . he had a hemorrhage during  l  elisir d  amore  at the met and could not finish the performance he only sang three more times at the met  his last role as eleazar in la juive . what killed him  the same thing that killed valentino  peritonitis . his first role at the met was not radames in aida  as indicated in the film  but the duke in rigoletto . so when it says on the screen  suggested by dorothy caruso  s biography of her husband   that  s what it was  suggested . what is true is that dorothy  s father disowned her after her marriage  and left her   of his massive estate . they also did have a daughter gloria together  who died at the age of   on           . however  caruso had four other children by a mistress before he married dorothy .  br    br   some people say that lanza  s voice is remarkably like caruso  s  but just listen to caruso sing in the film  match point    caruso  s voice is remarkably unlike lanza  s . in fact  from his sound  had he wanted to  caruso could have sung as a baritone . he is thought to have had some trouble with high notes  further evidence of baritone leanings and the role he was preparing when he died was othello  a dramatic tenor role  which lanza definitely was not . lanza  s voice deserved not to be compared with another . he made a unique contribution to film history  popularizing operatic music . he sings the music in  the great caruso  with a robust energy he is truly here at the peak of what would be a short career . his acting is natural and genuine . ann blyth is lovely as dorothy and gets to sing a little herself .  br    br   really a film for opera lovers and lanza fans  which are probably one and the same .  
yes  be my love was mario lanza  s skyrocket to fame and still is popular today . his voice was strong and steady  so powerful in fact that mgm decided to use him in the great caruso . lanza himself thought he was the reincarnation of caruso . having read the book by kostelanitz who wrote a biography of lanza  he explains that the constant practise and vocal lessons became the visionary caruso to lanza . there is no doubt that lanza did a superb job in the story  but the story is not entirely true blame it on hollywood  i used to practise singing his songs years ago  and became pretty good myself until i lost my voice because of emphysema  asthma ten years ago . reaching the high note of be my love is not easy but beautiful   
since musicals have both gone out of fashion and are incredibly expensive to make without all the talent needed to make one under contract to a studio  i doubt we will ever get a real life story of enrico caruso .  br    br   but if everything else was in place it was no accident that no hollywood studio attempted the task until metro  goldwyn  mayer had mario lanza under contract . no one else could have done it  i doubt whether it will ever be tried again .  br    br   and why should it . i think enrico caruso himself would have been satisfied as to how his singing was portrayed on screen . for his tenor voice was his life  his reason for being on the earth .  br    br   to say that liberties were taken with his life is to be modest . caruso  like the man who portrayed him  was a man of large appetites although with a lot more self discipline . he had numerous relationships with several women and fathered two out of wedlock sons who are not in this film .  br    br   his contribution to the recording industry is treated as almost an afterthought . he  s shown in a recording studio once late in his life . actually he started recording right around the turn of the last century and together with irish tenor john mccormack for rca victor made the recording industry what it became .  br    br   when caruso and mccormack were at their heights you had to practically inherit a ticket to see either of them perform live . but a lot of immigrant italian and irish families had a phonograph and a record or three of either of these men . it  s why both became the legends that they are .  br    br   what the film does have is some beautifully staged operatic arias done by mario lanza  a taste of what he might have become had he the discipline of a caruso to stick to opera . the great caruso won an oscar for sound recording and received nominations for costume and set design .  br    br   mario himself helped popularize the film with an rca red seal album of songs from the great caruso . unfortunately due to contractual obligations we couldn  t get an actual cast album with ann blyth  dorothy kirsten  and jarmila novotna also .  br    br   though blyth sang it in the film  lanza had a big hit recording of the loveliest night of the year further helping to popularize the great caruso .  br    br   if you  re looking for a life of enrico caruso  this ain  t it . if you are looking for a great artist singing at the height of his career  than you should not miss the great caruso .  
the great caruso was the biggest hit in the world in     and broke all box office records at radio city music hall in a year when most  movergoers  were stay  at  homes watching their new   motorola televisions . almost all recent box office figures are false    because they fail to adjust inflation . obviously today  s    movies will dominate . in     it cost   c to   .   at radio city   c to   c first run at loew  s palace in washington dc  or   c to   c in neighborhood runs . what counts is the number of people responding to the picture  not unadjusted box office  media spin .  the genius of the great caruso was that the filmmakers took most of the actual life of enrico caruso  really not a great story anyway  and threw it in the trash . instead     of the movie  s focus was on the music . thus mgm gave us the best living opera singer mario lanza doing the music of the best  ever historic opera singer enrico caruso . the result was a wonderful movie . too bad lanza would throw his life and career away on overeating . too fat to play the student prince  edmund purdom took his place    with lanza  s voice dubbed in  and with the formerly handsome and not  fat lanza pictured in the advertising . if you want to see the great caruso  it  s almost always on ebay for   .   or less . don  t be put off by the low price  as it reflects only the easy availability of copies  not the quality of the movie .  
i like it because of my recent personal experience . especially the ideas that everyone is free and that everything is finite . the characters in the firm did not really enjoy their  real  lives  but they did enjoy themselves  i . e . what they were . the movie did a good job making this simple day a good memory . a good memory includes not only romantic feelings about a beautiful stranger and a beautiful european city  but definitely about the deeper discussion about their values of life . many movies are like this in terms of discussion of the definitions of life or love or relationships or current problems in life or some sort of those . before sunrise dealt with it in a nice way  which makes the viewer pause and think and adjust her breath and go on watching the film . before sunrise did not try to instill a specific thought into your head . it just encouraged you to think about some issues in daily life and gave you some alternative possibilities . this made the conversations between the characters interesting  not just typical whining complaints or flowing dumb ideas . you would be still thinking about those issues for yourself and curious about the next line of the story . the end was not quite important after all . you could got something out of it and feel something good or positive about yourself after the movie . movies are supposed to be enjoyable . this is an enjoyable movie and worth of your time to watch it . i am on a journey too . the movie somehow represented some part of me and answered some of my questions .  
jesse and celine  ethan hawke and julie delpy  are two strangers on a european train . the two come from widely different backgrounds  he  s american and she  s french  after they talk a bit on the train jesse manages to get celine to get off the train and explore vienna with him . during the next several hours the two wander vienna taking in all that the city has to offer and become madly infatuated with each other . but will this newfound relationship last past sunrise .  br    br   this wonderful romantic  comedy is a breath of fresh air to a genre that has been in decline . written and directed by richard  dazed and confused  linklater   before sunrise  never bores because of its  small cast . in fact it flourishes due to the leads that make you love their characters and have a wonderful charisma between the two . smart dialogue makes this a must for romance fans .  
amazing movie that  in theory  should be boring but is delivered with subtlety and incredible acting that i have long despaired of ever finding . instead of relying on clichs and overly dramatized moments the plot unfolds through a series of incredibly realistic moments . the lead characters are not perfect  and so relating to them as people you could know is easy . the movie is not trying to pull laughs  or push an ideal onto the audience but simply showing us the possibility of true love in any circumstance .  br    br   i am now restless waiting for the weekend so i can see the sequel . a moving  thought provoking  funny look at love that i think should be an absolute romantic classic up there with casablanca and breakfast at tiffany  s . will soften even the hardiest heart .  
i  m not usually a fan of strictly romantic movies but heard this was good . i was stunned . easily the most romantic thing i  ve ever seen in my life . stunning . brilliant  sweet  funny and full of heart . the chemistry is flawless as is the writing and directing .  br    br   ethan hawke and julie delphy are so natural and sweet together you really think they  re a couple .  br    br   the movies grabs you right away and doesn  t let go . you can  t look away nor can you stop listening to them . even the little moments just melt your heart .  br    br   this has jumped into the ranks of one of my favourite ever . a masterpiece .  
an american woman  her european husband and children return to her mother  s home in  watch on the rhine   a     film based on the play by lillian hellman  and starring paul lukas  whom i believe is repeating his stage role here   bette davis  lucile watson  george coulouris  geraldine fitzgerald  and donald woods . an anti  fascist  a worker in the underground movement  many times injured  and wanted by the nazis  kurt muller  lukas  is in need of a long vacation on the estate of his wealthy mother  in  law . but he finds out that there is truly no escape as one of the houseguests  coulouris  is suspicious as to his true identity and more than willing to sell him out .  br    br   great performances abound in this film  written very much to put forth lillian hellman  s liberal point of view . it was certainly a powerful propaganda vehicle at the time it was released  as the evils of war and what was happening to people in other countries reach into safe american homes . the movie  s big controversy today is that paul lukas won an oscar over humphrey bogart in  casablanca .  humphrey bogart was a wonderful screen presence and a fabulous rick  but lukas is transcendent as kurt . the monologue he has about the need to kill is gut  wrenching  just to mention one scene .  br    br   though this isn  t what one thinks of as a bette davis movie  she gives a masterful performance here as kurt  s loyal and loving wife  sara . her acting tugs at the heart  and the love scenes between kurt and sara are beautiful and tender .  br    br   the last half hour of the film had me in tears with the honesty of the emotions . lillian hellman is not everyone  s cup of tea  but unlike  the little foxes   she has written some truly sympathetic  wonderful characters and a fine story given a casting and production values by warner brothers . highly recommended .  
i bought the dvd of before sunset and saw it for the first time a week ago . having saw it twice  i couldn  t help but missing before sunrise  not because the sequel was not as great  but i felt that these two movies completed each other like no other sequels ever did  every time i finished watching one of them  i feel the need and yearning to see the other . so  i ended up spending the weeks watching both of them repeatedly  i will be quite embarrassed to mention how many times exactly . the most remarkable thing about before sunrise is how you feel the development of the feelings of their characters towards each other . it sounds so simple  the growing of the chemistry  i think other romantic films might think that they succeed to track the development  but to me  who doesn  t believe in nora ephron  before sunrise is the first film to really gives the viewers chance to feel it . when i saw it for the first time  about  year ago when i was    i already liked it . but  i didn  t rate it as a  great film   it still seemed to me like another thinking persons  feel good movie  linklater was too smart to make it more realistic  it was   minutes too long  the characters was too well fabricated  i thought i liked it because it was like a dream and because i enjoyed their conversations  etc . etc . . but now  thanks to before sunset  i feel that  s more to before sunrise than what i felt for it before . i saw the elements more clearly jesse  celine  vienna  their conversations  everything . how each of them are separated element by itself  and they have a chance to mix  the story is just a frame of time  i am no longer feel manipulated . and the freedom that every scene has  as well as its refusal to be overly efficient  how blind i was that those qualities didn  t strike me as exceptional when i first saw it  now   year have passed  the more movies i  ve seen  the more i realize that many movies are just collections of ordered scenes that only exist for the sake of its ending  even movies like pulp fiction or linklaters  s own slackers included . the jesse and celine tale avoid that  maybe before sunset is a better example in this case  but before sunrise is also one of few films that its ending is just a consequence of time  not a destination  every single scene has its own life . i don  t know whether linklater or anyone else had a sequel in mind when they made before sunrise  but to me  one of the most amazing things about these sequels are how these two films visually contrast each other . before sunrise which i think employs more static angels and brighter color schemes  seems to try to capture the smallest atoms of liveliness surrounding jesse and celine  the world is always full of hope whether or not the characters feel it . meanwhile  i enter the vision of boredom as jesse stuck talking to the journalists in before sunset  and celine  s first smile from behind the shelves are the most heartbreaking smile i  ve seen in a beginning of a film  and the many moving shots after that takes me to a place i don  t know with a sadness in me  no matter how beautiful paris is  and no matter how happy i am that they meet again . i  m sorry that i go on this long with my limited english  before sunrise is already an extraordinary film without me pouring my scattered thoughts  and it gets even better with an equally great sequel following it .  
i  m not even sure what to say about this film . it  s one of only a handful of movies ever made that i would consider romantic . to try to talk plot or performance or technical details about this film would be in the words of frank zappa  like dancing about architecture  . it absolutely hits the nail right on the head in the way it captures those fleeting moments in life that move us and then run away from us never to be experienced again . this seems like the movie the character version of charlie kaufman in the movie adaptation wanted to write . the ending is left open and ambiguous  no happy ending here  just mystery . no profound life lessons  just a couple of horny and intelligent kids exploring the ability to feel the most irrational and unrealistic of feelings . . . . . . romantic love .  br    br     out of   watch it with your special lady and recommend it to a stranger . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
i must admit that at the beginning  i was sort of reticent about watching this movie . i thought it was this stupid  little  romantic film about a french woman who meets in the train an american and decides to visit vienna with him . i was not actually enchanted about this kind of script  since it continued to make me believe that it is just a movie . still  i watched it  and i was amazed . . .  before sunrise  is one of the few films who dare to talk in a rather philosophical way  wondering about the fact that in the moment of our birth  we are sentenced to death  or that it is a middling idea that fact that a couple should rest together for eternity  or that  we  humans  can afford sometimes to live in fairy  tales .  br    br   the ending was wonderfully chosen  we do not know if they will meet again in six months  at six o  clock  in vienna  s station   in our optimism  we sincerely hope so . the actors acted in a very good manner  so  that  i began to believe that i  myself could live a love  story just like this .  
american boy jesse took the train to vienna in order to take the plane for usa . on the train he met a french girl celine . although they met the first time  they talked like good friends . when the train stopped at vienna  jesse begged celine to accompany him to have a tour on vienna . then the romantic story unfolded .  br    br   at first they were cautious . the funniest scene was their listening to cd in music store . they peeked at each other  though their eyes did not contact . after in  depth conversation  they relationship became close . then i saw the most romantic scene that they pretended to call their respective friend . their deep love for each other was expressed completely by words .  br    br   love is a strange thing . when you really want it  it will not come as you wished . love needs mutual understanding . without it  love will not last long . spiritual harmony is the most important for love .  br    br   excellent screenplay and performance resulted in huge success of the movie .  br    br   one of the best romance movies .      
the most amazing combination of love and psyche of two young people . presented in the most sublime manner and definitely touches your heart . a rare combination where the sequel surpasses the prequel in both storytelling and intensity of emotions . the movie re affirms your faith in love and pain of separation . the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and anything can be sacrificed . ethan and julie have essayed eternal characters with such simplicity that gives the movie a sheer joy and love to watch . a must see movie for all the people who believe in true love . by far the most romantic  at least one of them  movie of all times .  
my watch came a little too late but am glad i watched both this and the sequel together . . . which makes me compliment the makers of this flick for giving such a pure and basic treatment to the idea of romanticism . . . and very marginally separating it from the idea of relationships  as a lot has been written about the movie already  it would just be appropriate to highlight few portions of the movie which i personally loved .  br    br   i think the point where jesse and celine make phony phone calls to their respective friends was a very shrewd way of telling each other what they had meant to each other through a journey not even extending   hrs . . . the curiosity of two people who both think the other has made an infallible impact on the other has been very smartly dealt with . . .  br    br   on the plot front  making a romantic story work on pure conversation is not an easy job to accomplish . .  br    br   i believe in romantic flicks of such flavor  the characters are not clearly designed even in the writer  s and director  s mind . what the actors bring out is what becomes of them . . right or wrong even the idea bearers would find it difficult to justify . . . to become the character  the life the actor gives has to go beyond instructions and the story . . . here both the actors do just the right job  kudos . .    and before sunset is another feather which makes this one even more beautiful   
i managed to catch a late night double feature last night of  before sunrise        and  before sunset         and saw both films in a row  without really having the chance to catch my breath in between or ponder on the meaning of each film separately . after sleeping it over  i have to say that i largely prefer the former over the latter  and i shall explain why .  br    br   before sunrise introduces us with then young actors  ethan hawke  reality bites  dead poets society   only   at the time of the film  s release and julie delpy  the three colors trilogy   then    although looking much younger  . he is a promiscuous american writer  touring europe after breaking up with his girlfriend she is a young french student  on her way home to paris . they meet on the budapest  vienna train and spontaneously decide to get off the train together . the two deeply spiritual and intellectual individuals than spend a whole night together walking the beautifully captured streets of vienna  exchanging ideals and thoughts and gradually falling on love .  br    br   the film has      s written all over it back then  technology was leaping rapidly  the new millennium with all it  s hopes and dreams was waiting just around the corner  and young adults like the ones depicted in the film were filled with love of life and passion for the future . the characters of jesse  hawke  and celine  delpy   with all their flaws and inconsistencies  celine  s accent  if by mistake or on purpose  was half american  half french  and it swinged from one spectrum to the other  breaking the character  s credibility   were a mirror of the time . watching the naive couple swallow life with such meaning and excitement  acting all clichd and romantic yet managing to have the audience fall for them as well  is what really made this movie work for me . the fact that the director doesn  t let you know if their relationship continues after the film or not makes it all even more worth while .  br    br   all in all  sunrise is a dreamy stroll through the urban landscapes of vienna  a well told classical romantic rendezvous  and a film i will definitely return to for further insight sometime in the future .  
this is a slow moving story . no action . no crazy suspense . no abrupt surprises . if you cannot stand to see a movie about two people just talking and walking  about a story that develops slowly till the very end and about lovey  dovey romance  don  t waste your time and money .  br    br   on the other hand  if you  re into dialog  masterful story telling  thought provoking ideas and finding true love in the fabric of life then this is your movie . i recommend you watch this movie when you are most alert  though  because the pace  the music and the overall tone of the movie can put you in a woolgathering mood . it  s truly fantastic . i really mean that .  br    br   ethan hawke and julie delpy are annoying with their mannerisms at times but  thankfully  the chemistry between the two makes the acting very natural  warm and tender . they act and feel each other out from the very beginning  making you feel as an intruder .  br    br   in their conversations there are excellent commentaries on many subjects that will provoke thought and conversation between you and your partner . i thought it was too deep and too diverse for such young characters but i may be underestimating their intelligence . still it did not ruin the movie .  br    br   the overall story is very simple which i think gives the movie it  s charm and ultimately it  s power .  br    br   bottom line the movie  s flow is slow . the dialog is fascinating . the story builds gently  systematically and substantive . the build up to the finale is satisfying and in the end rewarding .  
after a chance encounter on the train  a young couple spends a single night strolling the streets of vienna  discussing life and love . the primary reason to see  before sunrise   is to watch a young julie delpy deliver her lines . as  celine   this sexy  brainy  soulful brown  eyed blond is sort of a cross between brigitte bardot and joni mitchell as they were in their mid  twenties . risking overstatement  celine is practically the ideal woman  unusually beautiful and very feminine while being natural  unpretentious  introspective  and selflessly loving . we can easily forgive that she is a bit eccentric and talks a blue streak  for her sincere  intelligent remarks are occasionally penetrating . further  her varied expressions are nothing short of captivating and she speaks english with a french accent that is very endearing .  br    br   if there is a fly in the ointment of this good movie  it would have to be her unkempt and disheveled costar . ethan hawke as  jessie  comes off like a vaguely appealing slob  sort of a maynard g . krebs of the nineties . attempting to appear detached and nonchalant  he sort of drags himself through certain shots . his pants fit poorly  his tee shirt is coming untucked  his wavy dark hair  his most attractive feature  needs a good washing  and someone really should have showed him how to properly trim his youthful goatee . nevertheless  he is supposed to represent an unwashed youth on a two  week train ride around europe  so the look he has cultivated is probably pretty genuine . his oft  cynical observations and wry sense of humor seem to impress the unapologetically romantic celine  although she is occasionally disturbed by the extent of his alienation . when he finally admits to her that he is utterly sick of himself and likes being near her because he feels like a different person in her presence  we know he is getting somewhere .  br    br   after blowing their collective funds on a series of cafes  bars  and silly diversions  they agree that because they may never see one another again  they should make the most of it . jesse bums a bottle of red wine off a sentimental bartender so that he and his newfound lady love may repair to a local park in the middle of the night to lie on the grass  looking up at the moon and the stars and watching the sun come up .  br    br   given his boundless luck in the romance department  it is especially irksome when jessie  as the very definition of a naive jerk  foolishly allows this wonderful young lady to slip from his grasp . he contents himself with a half  baked plan  quickly devised at the railroad station when he bids her adieu  to reunite at the same spot in half a year . when the appointed time comes  you just know this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved with another  perhaps even married and pregnant . for whatever reason  she probably won  t show  while jesse  who ends up working at target or  if he  s lucky  the local library  will go back to vienna  desperate to see her again  only to wind up alone .  br    br   despite what for me was a very discouraging conclusion   before sunrise  is a beautiful movie . i highly recommend both it and the sequel   before sunset .   
when i saw this movie in the theater when it came out in     via a free advanced screening  i was totally enchanted and would have gladly paid to see it . i was sorry when i talked to many people afterwards who had also seen it and who were totally disappointed with it and how it ended . i  on the other hand  felt completely the opposite . i was totally satisfied with the outcome and everything else . people i talked to said there was too much talking  plus they were unhappy because they felt that the ending left you wondering about the fate of the two characters . i found these observations to be absurd and to also be painful evidence of how the majority of the american movie  going public seems to have a tendency to want easy  to  follow stories in films with not too much complex and intelligent dialogue lest they get confused . they also like to be spoon  fed tidy endings   happy or sad . this disgusts me . nobody wants to be challenged anymore    and as for the ending  and i don  t want to be a spoiler   i am totally content because i know in my heart that these two characters will see each other again . it  s all about your own personal faith in romance and destiny . it  s a very personal film that doesn  t speak to all people . but it certainly spoke to me . give it a chance  be patient with it  richard linklater has crafted a very lovely film with a beautiful story set against the beautiful background of the city of vienna . watching it makes you feel as if you yourself are strolling through the city streets along with the characters . as if you yourself were tripping through europe on a eurail pass . it  s very intimate . plus  ethan hawke and julie delpy do an exquisite job of bringing the complex script to life . they must have improvised during some parts and it works well . they have a great chemistry in their roles . their awkwardness as strangers getting to know each other in the beginning is very believable and you can truly feel the romance and bonding develop between them as the movie progresses . i get the feeling that this was a very personal work for mr . linklater and i deeply respect him for getting this film made . it definitely touched me and i hope it touches others just as much . bravo for romance     
ever since i can remember and i  m only   my mother and i have been and continue to watch older movies because well i find them much more rewarding in the long run  but hey don  t get me wrong i do love the movies we have today just not as much as i love movies of the   s and   s  anyways  now i have to say the moment i started watching the movie my eyes were glued to the tv . of course my favorite character was the grandmother played by lucile watson . but i loved the way betty davis and her family was portrayed . the children . . . did not act like children in the slightest . but there is good reason for that  having had to hid and run most of your life  seeing the awful things children saw those days destroyed their innocence . so people saying  oooo i hated how the kids acted . . . blah blah blah  read between the lines and know they saw things children should not see .  br    br   paul lukas . . . dear paul did an amazing job    now i know many people are mad that he go the oscar and bogie didn  t but hey they both did amazing jobs so i think it could have gone either way . but lukas  performance was so amazing that by the end of the movie i was reduced to tears . i loved this movie so much and recommend it to anyone     d  
this movie is intelligent . that is  more than most other movies  it transcends the least common denominator  stupid people will probably not appreciate it . the story also relies heavily on dialogue . it has some parallels to lost in translation  although before sunrise is much brighter  somehow less abstract  and simply a lot better .  br    br   the script  the characters and even the slightly surreal atmosphere feel totally realistic . the actors play absolutely brilliantly . rarely have i seen a movie where the script and the acting has melted this perfectly together .  br    br   the dialogue moves into very personal issues  with the risk of becoming a little over the top . it does  however  stay on the right side almost all the time  although i found a few moments a little awkward and embarrassing . balancing on this fine line demands outrageously talented actors . sometimes  it yields great results  and overall this movie is simply stupendous  only very  very rarely is  love  in films depicted in a way that i find trustworthy and realistic . every time that is achieved  the result is fantastic . i think the stunning and apparently timeless beauty of the female lead actress helped quite a bit in this respect . she still looks stunning in this film    years after .  br    br   this is simply a gem of a movie that you can  t miss . one of the best movies i have seen from the     s   
before sunrise has many remarkable things going on  almost too many to fit into one review like this  but it  s suffice to say that it  s one of the most observant character studies of the nineties  maybe even in all of contemporary cinema  to be observant not about love  per  say  so much as it  s about a human connection . how does one fall in love at first sight  no one does  at least that  s deep down the consensus that linklater wants to show with his film . and yet there is the possibility of as intense a connection  of a bond that can form in those that are young and with many ideas that can be expressed articulately and with a breadth of cynicism and is somehow very tender and true at the same time . linklater here gives us the story of celine and jessie  a french girl and an american boy who get off the same train heading to vienna  and on the way there start to talking about things  at first arbitrary  then personal  jessie seeing death for the first time in his great grandfather  . jessie persuades celine to go along with him on a night out on the  town   in vienna  until his plane the next morning .  br    br   before sunrise gives jessie and celine  in the midst of the gorgeous vienna scenery and locales to go on and on about subjects that have a lot of importance  and in a sense is about the act of having conversations  of what it  s like to watch people having one leading into another and another . here it  s often about relationships and commitments  as jessie and celine tell stories sometimes somewhat inconsequential  or seemingly so  and another that may tell a lot about their essential qualities . we hear confessions of desires for other loves  or what weren  t really loves  of being part of a family or part of an upbringing that may or may not inform how you  ll love your life  of what it means to believe or not believe in some religious form  or just to have some connection to any faith and the soul  i loved the bit about the quakers in the church   and sometimes laced with cynicism or skepticism . jessie may be more responsible for that last part  but what  s fascinating about the film is that it  s never exactly cynical itself  just commenting upon cynicism that lays in the concerns of men and women at that age of their lives .  br    br   meanwhile  it  s always great to see ethan hawke and julie delpy in these roles  where they  re not incessantly annoying in that   s generation  x mode  but are the kinds of people where if not in the central conceit of the film  which isn  t a bad one at all but a necessary one  one might think to find walking along the streets of a city somewhere . the conceit is that of an old romantic picture ala brief encounter  only here intimacy is expressed in the central characters either between each other  where sweet asides are actually acceptable   i have to tell you a secret   jessie says  and then leans in for a kiss  ho  ho   or in the little moments that pop up with other people along the way . i loved the scene with the poet  where it  s very cinematic a thing to suddenly find a random romantic bit player in the midst of a romantic picture with such beautiful words at his disposal  or with the palm reader and how the reactions from jessie and celine are that we might share  but really are seeing them do it first  hand . all the while hawke and delpy embody the roles interestingly  we can see how neuroses are being formed already for their adult lives  as it may lead off into the future . . .  br    br   featuring splendid cinematography and a script with an ear for natural wit and a true sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness  however self  contained  as it may lead into something more . who  s to say you can  t suddenly be attached to someone  if only for less than   hours  and be that much more attached than a married couple  this is perhaps linklater  s thesis  but there  s more to it than just that . it  s a very dense film  and one that will have me calling back to it repeatedly . one scene especially  which is both cheesy and brilliant is when the two of them are talking  on the phone  in front of each other mimicking their expositions might go to the other  s friend . a  
this is truly truly one of the best movies about love that i  ve ever seen . closely followed by none other than  before sunset   which technically isn  t another movie at all  since it  s about the same two people and the same romance .  br    br   this is  love  in the real world . ok  that  s only if most people are as intelligent and eloquent as the leads in the movie . reading the other reviews  it pleases me to know how so many other folks are crazy over dialog  based movies as well . and this is what makes  before sunrise  so good . the dialog is perfect . it  s so real  so engaging and funny . it  s hardly a surprise that jesse and celine fall in love   coz you fall in love with them at the very same time .  br    br   my favorite scene is the one in the coffee shop  where they pretend to phone their best friends  with the other pretending to be said best friend . it  s perfect . brings you back to the very moment when you fell in love for the very first time in your life .  br    br   i must say that if you have a choice  do watch  before sunrise  before watching  before sunset  . if like me  you watched  sunset  first  it  s hard to shake off the feeling of pity and sadness for the two young lovers throughout the entire show .  br    br   once again  the greatest romantic movie in my books . wonderful acting  excellent script  and beautiful locations . young love  at it  s best .  
richard linklater  s beautifully directed mixture of youthful romance and paris travelogue is one of the    s best thinking person  s romantic movies . julie delpy turns in one of the decade  s most engaging performances as the parisian lass who spends a day with stranger  on  a  train ethan hawke . the dialogue  and there is oodles of it  is sometimes meandering and overly precious  but this portrait of two young wannabe  lovers making a romantic  intellectual  and spiritual connection to one another is full of wonderfully amusing  touching and insightful moments .  
sweet and charming  funny and poignant  plot less but meaningful   before sunrise         the third movie of richard linklater  is dedicated to everyone who ever been in love  is in love  or never been in love but still dreams of it and hopes to find it . it is one of the very rare movies that is  should  will be equally interesting to teenagers  their parents and even grandparents . it seems a very simple little movie with no spectacular visual effects  car chases  or long and steamy sex scenes . two young people in their early   s  two college students  american tourist ethan hawke who is returning home after the summer in europe and the french student julie delpy who goes to paris to attend the classes in sorbonne  meet on a train . they are attracted to each other instantly even before they start talking  they hop off the train in vienna where they walk around exploring the city all night . they talk and fall in love . that  s it  that  s the movie . it could  ve been boring and silly but instead  it is a lovely  believable  clever  and moving romance that only gets better with each viewing  at least  for this viewer  . high praise and my sincere gratitude go to the director and writers for delivering two charming characters  superb writing  always interesting and witty dialogs  two awesome performances  and the atmosphere of magic that falling in love is . julie delpy  who looks like a botticelli  s angel  is great in portraying smart  independent  and incredibly attractive young woman .  
first let me say that before sunrise  like all movies  is not a movie for all tastes . it appears some folks are less smart to acknowledge this fact  but it is remarkable to contemplate the kind of outright dislike this small harmless movie generates from some people . for me  like most folks here  before sunrise struck a deep chord in me  i was truly stunned  moved  inspired by it . this is a movie that ultimately benefits from more than one viewing . it creates some of the most awesomely unforgettable feelings and emotions you can possibly imagine . it is impossible to imagine this world without ever thinking about the kind of inspirational feelings i got from it .  br    br   the movie works as a communion of two fragile souls that are starting to get to know each other . it is very intelligent and inspiring  not so much in how one conversation necessarily ties into the next or the significance of the topics of jesse and celine  s discussions  but rather the little nuances  the perfectly articulate responses they provoke from each other . it captures an honest  romantic  yet fleeting human emotion that is starting to blossom in the awesomely sublime viennese milieu it convinces us that their evanescent relationship might be the greatest compliment in the world . and what happens after that night is open for debate  but i never doubt that they won  t each other again .  br    br   the facile comments by rockythebear and the below user are hopeless examples of a doctrinaire dissenter unwilling to accept and respect those who love this movie .  br    br   see it and it may change your way of life .  
i watched this movie   years ago . and have watched it on video an average of once a year since . it  s the type of movie that  s timeless  because the themes are universal  yet the stories and conversation are so personal . it  s also one of the very few movies that capture you from frame one til the credits roll  despite the fact that there are  really  just two  very involving  characters . this owes a lot to the engaging acting by hawke and delpy  who make us believe that they are actually jesse and celine . this is also the first movie i saw that mentioned reality tv  and now  the phenomenon is rampant  i love the way this movie just envelops the audience in its space  and makes you think  however jaded you may be  that you are one of those characters . it also made me want to ride the train around europe  i have not met anyone who has not been able to relate to this movie . maybe that speaks about myself  my friends  or just the sheer genius of this movie .  
there are many people in our lives that we meet only once in our lifetime  but for some reason or another we remember those persons for the rest of our lives . these once in a lifetime friendships occur between people with long distances between and there are always some natural reasons for why we don  t meet these people anymore . we don  t always even know their names  as we are never presented to each other  and sometimes we even forget to ask what their names are . it  s funny how common humanity makes occasional friends and we like to keep it as such  because reuniting might spoil fond memories  or we don  t know do they . we are too afraid to check that out .  br    br   the movie  before sunrise  just caught me watching it . i never had intention to watch it through  but because the discussion between the couple seemed interesting  i gave a look for the rest of the film . i didn  t know what to expect from it  but nor did the young couple . they had time to discuss with each other until the sunrise and anything could happen before they had to separate . i believe this film has had good reviews because the situation is something that everybody on this planet has at least once or twice lived through . it makes us all think about all those people we have met only once in our lives .  
if you are a traveller  if there is a fire burning into your heart  if you  d call  home  every place on earth  but none of them can give you enough  if you are always looking for the next thing and if you believe the other part of your soul is somewhere out there  see this movie and you  ll find out a little  but wonderful  piece of life sitting next to you .  
i had never heard of this film before a couple of weeks ago  but its concept interested me when i heard it an american man meets a european woman on his last night in europe and they spend the night together talking . it sparked my interest  but i never expected it to be this great . before sunrise is a masterpiece  and it  s also one of the most romantic films on record . to my surprise  it completely lacked the cynicism of the     s . it  s impossible to really talk too much about it  since there is no real plot  so to speak  although there are plenty of thoroughly interesting things you could talk about it is sort of like my dinner with andre  where there is a conversation  but it  s not just the conversation that matters   but let me just say  see it . see it   
many of the criticisms on this thread seem to pick a comparison of this film with  the mortal storm  or  casablanca  . everyone is entitled to compare films they choose  but the similarities of  the mortal storm  and  watch on the rhine  are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the nazi juggernaut  while the main comparative point brought out with  casablanca  is the seeming unjust treatment of humphrey bogart in     by the academy of motion picture arts and science  because they chose paul lukas instead for the best actor oscar . it does not strike me as totally wrong . lukas had a good career in film  both here and in england  he is the villain in  the lady vanishes    and this performance was his best one . bogart had more great performances in him than rick blaine  for instance  he was ignored for sam spade in  the maltese falcon  and roy earle in  high sierra  two years earlier  both of which were first rate performances  and he would not get an oscar for his greatest performances as fred c . dobbs in  the treasure of sierra madres   the writer  murder suspect in  in a lonely place   and captain philip francis queeg in  the caine mutiny  afterward  he got it for charley in  the african queen   . i think that bogie should have got it for the role of dobbs  but it did not happen . but lukas was lucky  he got it on the defining performance of his lesser career . few can claim that .  br    br   to me the film to look at with  watch on the rhine  is based on another play  script by hellman   the searching wind  . they both look at america  s spirit of isolationism in the     s and     s .  the searching wind  is really looking at the whole inter  war period  while  watch on the rhine   set in the years just proceeding our entry into world war ii  deals with a few weeks of time . therefore it is better constructed as a play  and more meaningful for it  s impact .  br    br   the film has many good performances  led by lukas as the exhausted but determined anti  nazi fighter  courier  davis as his loyal wife  wisely keeping her character as low keyed as possible due to lukas being the center of the play  s activities   coulouris as the selfish  conniving  but ultimately foolish and ineffective teck  lucille watson as the mother of davis and geraldine fitzgerald  as coulouris  wiser and sadder and fed up wife   and kurt katch  who delivers a devastating critique  as the local embassy  s gestapo chief  about coulouris and others who would deal with the nazis . it has dialog with bite in it . and what it says is quite true . it also has moments of near poetry . witness the scene  towards the end  when coulouris is left alone with lukas and davis  and says   the new world has left the scene to the old world  . hellman could write very well at times .  br    br   given the strength of the film script and performances i would rate this film highly among world war ii films .  
it was by accident that i was scanning the tv channels and found this wonderful film about two beautiful human beings who become attracted to each other in a very innocent and virgin like approach to each other . ethan hawke  jesse   tape     and julie delpy  celine   er    tv series  nicole  . this gal and guy  will warm your very heart and soul and make you think deeply into your past relationships and how you really wish you had followed your hearts strings with a guy or gal you deep down loved and lost track of over the years . jesse and celine have great conversation  and deep eye contact with a great magnetic explosion between the two of them . i am looking forward to the sequel to this film in     and if you have viewed this film  you will feel the same way .  
  before sunrise  is a wonderful love story and has to be among my top  favorite movies ever . dialog and acting are great . i love the characters and their ideas and thoughts . of course  the romantic vienna  introduced in the movie does not exist  you won  t find a poet sitting by the river in the middle of the night  and it isn  t possible to get to all the places in only one night  either  especially if you  re a stranger and it  s your first night in vienna  . but that  s not the point . the relationship of the two characters is much more important and this part of the story is not at all unrealistic . although  nothing ever really happens  the movie never gets boring . the ending is genuinely sad without being  titanic  or something . even if you don  t like love stories you should watch this film  i  m a little skeptic about the sequel that is going to be released in summer . the first part is perfect as it is  in my opinion .  
i want cline and jessie go further in their relationship  i want to tell them that they were made for each other  that in a lot of moment in the film we want they to die for each other . their story is what we ever wanted and probably most of us never reached . this is about love but not stupid things like in  notting hills  or those kind of movie . this is life and i did believe in them  i did believe they were falling . . . this was so clever and touching . i have just finished to view it a minute ago and i m still there . . . i want to go to vienna . i want to see them as soon as possible again .  br    br   i have to say i was now becoming misanthropist and felt like if love was just a fake  a concept  but with this movie i realized that maybe somewhere  somehow and some when  something could really happen .  br    br   i  m french and didn  t know very well july delpy despite kieslowski  three colors  white  . . . now i have to see her other works because she looks like an angel and got a perfect acting .  br    br   i saw  before sunset   the sequel in paris  a few days before i saw  before sunrise  and their is no matter . they are both masterpieces . proof that you don  t need to impress the eyes with technology to get pure feelings . i  m sorry for my english which i m trying to best .  br    br   franck in france  
while traveling by train through europe  the american jesse  ethan hawke  and the french celine  julie delpy  meet each other and decide to spend the night together in austria . on the next morning  jesse returns to united states of america  and celine to paris .  br    br    before sunrise  is one of my favorite romances  indeed one of the most beautiful love stories i have ever seen . it is a low budget movie with a very simple and real storyline  but the chemistry between ethan hawke and julie delpy is perfect  and the dialogs are stunning . the direction is amazing  transmitting the feelings of celine and jesse to the viewer . i have just completed my review number      in imdb  and i choose  before sunrise  for this significant number because it is a very special film for me . i cannot understand why this movie was not nominated to the oscar  with such a magnificent screenplay  direction and performances . yesterday i have probably watched this movie for the third or fourth time  and i still love it . my vote is ten .  br    br   title  brazil    antes do amanhecer    before sunrise    
before sunrise is romance for the slacker generation . richard linklater  s romantic drama is an offbeat telling of a dream come true for most people . the film depicts romance in all it  s glory  but without any of the pitfalls that befall most couples and in short the film is about two people that have a relationship that  s as close to perfection as relationships will ever come to  with just one problem  the problem of time . while most relationships wind down with time  this one keeps going strong throughout and time itself is the only thing that wears out . before sunrise is certainly not the typical sentimental  hollywood romance   which is another aspect that puts this film leagues ahead of the pretenders . the story follows two people  jesse an american and celine a french girl that meet on a train into vienna . they instantly connect  and after telling her his awful idea for a television show and almost getting off the train  jesse asks celine to join him for the day in the picturesque city of vienna . . .  br    br   before sunrise works principally for two reasons  realistic acting and an immense script that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and thus allows us to get to know them as we do the people in real life . this allows the characters to be free  and it  s easy to believe that these are real people and not just actors working from a script . this also allows us to feel for the characters for who they are  and not merely because they  re the protagonists . this kind of realism is hard to capture as  at the end of the day  we as the audience know that they  re watching a film and not observing real life but before sunrise represents one of the truest to life exhibitions of realism ever to be seen on screen . a truly great script cannot work on it  s own  and needs great actors to deliver it to an extent that does it justice  and although i  m not a fan of either julie deply or ethan hawke on viewing this film  there is nothing you can do but give them both respect . i don  t know whether they were in character or just playing themselves  but when a film is this good it hardly matters .  br    br   in a film like this  it is the writing that  s the most important thing  and contained within the script are several observations about life  most of which i personally could relate to . this represents what richard linklater has achieved with this script as not only does it create and build the characters  but it also manages to expose what true love is  along with several other aspects of life . the fact that not all the anecdotes are relatable to me personally again represents the brilliance of writing . everyone is different  and so different parts of the script will appeal to different people . there could be certain aspects about one person that one person loves and another hates and that  s the case with the musings in this script . adding to the beauty of the film is the city of vienna . the city itself isn  t really important to the film as this is a story that could have taken place just about anywhere  but it makes for some lovely visuals and the upbeat  energetic romance that blossoms throughout the movie is matched by the beauty of the location .  br    br   before sunrise is simultaneously beautiful and captivating . richard linklater has created something that is rare in the world of cinema a film that captures the beauty of life without ever going over the top or being overly sentimental . before sunrise is what it is . and what it is  is pure cinematic brilliance .  
this has to be one of the most sincere and touching boy  meets  girl movies ever made . while  rebel without a cause  and  say anything  deliver nice portrayals  this movies strips down useless subplots and hollywood divergences . this movie focuses purely on watching the budding of a beautiful romance . you never doubt for a second that the film will lead towards the romantic pairing of these two people . you almost immediately sense the synergy and the chemistry between jesse and celine  and it is simply pure joy to watch them find it . this movie is mostly all dialogue  based . but  every conversation between these too is greatly intriguing . what makes this pairing so romantic is how real it is . how in all that conversation  while often having no real bearing on anything critical  you can sense the nuances as these two become more fond and trusting of each other . this is exactly they way you would dream that you meet that special someone . and what makes it so true is that it is not even too fantastic to believe . this could be what would happen if you had been confident enough to strike up a conversation with that person you noticed somewhere random . and what puts the icing on this film is the magnificent backdrop of vienna in which this film takes place . it just adds to the feeling of romantic nirvana that the film suggests . and no matter how many times i watch this film  i don  t think i will ever tire of that .  
this movie is not about entertainment  or not even a movie you want to see to pass the time . this movie is a genuinely a display of true love that can only come from god . one cannot help but be touched deeply by looking at this movie . we have several dimensions of love that contributes to the value of this movie . there is the divine love of god that is beautifully portrayed . god  s love transcends the heart and mind and endures and is eternal . there is the love in a marriage . while the main character grapples with his wife  s disease  he realizes through god  s love that he loves his wife more than he could ever imagine . he knows that he and his wife are one and can never be separated . finally  you have the love of child and parent . the kids in the family come together and realize that nothing else matters except that love conquers fear . dear friends  love is not love unless it comes from god  because god is love and love comes from god . talk to someone and let them know you love them . love does no good unless it is given to another . i pray this movie can inspire and change the lives of everyone who sees it . amen    
forget the campy  religious  movies that have monopolized the television  film market . . . this movie has a real feel to it . while it may be deemed as a movie that has cheap emotional draws  it also has that message of forgiveness  and overall good morals . however  i did not like the lighting in this movie . . . for a movie dealing with such subject matter  it was too bright . i felt it took away from the overall appeal of the movie  which is almost an unforgivable sin  but the recognizable cast  and their performances counteract this oversight .  br    br   definitely worth seeing . . . buy the dvd .  
this movie deals with one of the most feared geriatric diseases among the aging today . as one who has encountered a number of families who are facing the potential of alzheimer  s or who are in the formative stages  i would suggest that every health care giver recommend this movie to any family facing the trauma of this disease . the movie is designed primarily to speak to the family of the patient and reaches into the very heart of the struggle . casting is excellent and the dramatic portrayal is outstanding with a very commanding plot line .  
i wasn  t expecting to be so impacted by this film portraying a family just like the one you  d expect to be living next door . they are ordinary flesh  and  blood people  not like the typical hollywood fare . they face an all too common problem   debilitating illness . but the story  line grips the heart with a powerful lesson . casting  script  direction  and acting flow together with a surge that draws the viewer deep into the story . give this film your full attention and its message will truly inspire .  
lillian hellman  one of america  s most famous women playwrights  was a woman with a mission . her leftist views were not well regarded at the time in the country . in her memoir  she recounts her trip to the then  soviet union  as she was intrigued with the so called successes achieved by that system .  watch on the rhine  must have come as a result of those years . the left wing in america  as all over the world had an issue with the rise of fascism  not only in europe  but in japan as well .  br    br    watch on the rhine  was a play produced on broadway eight months before the pearl harbor attack by the japanese . in it ms . hellman was heralding america  s entrance in world war ii . the adaptation is credited to ms . hellman and dashiell hammett  her long time companion . as directed for the screen by herman shumlin  the film was well received when it premiered in     .  br    br   we are introduced to the muller family  when the film opens . they are crossing the border to the united states from mexico . they are to continue toward mrs . muller  s home in washington  d . c .  where her mother  fanny farrelly  is a minor celebrity hostess . the mullers  we realize are fleeing europe because of the persecution there against the opponents of the advancing totalitarian regime in germany . in fact  we thought  in a way  the mullers could have been better justified if they were jewish  fleeing from a sure extermination .  br    br   we find out that mr . muller has had a terrible time in his native land  as well as in other places because his outspokenness in denouncing fascim . little does he know that he is coming to his mother  in  law  s house that is housing one of the worst exponents of that philosophy .  br    br   the film offers excellent acting all around . it is a curiosity piece because of bette davis  supporting role . paul lukas  repeating his broadway role  is quite convincing as kurt muller  the upright man that wants to make a better world for himself and his family . mr . lukas does a great job portraying kurt muller  repeating the role that made him a stage luminary on broadway .  br    br   the other best performance is by lucile watson  who plays fanny farrelly  the matriarch of this family . geraldine fitzgerald is seen as marthe de brancovis  a guest of the farrellys  married to the contemptible teck de brancovis  a nazi sympathizer  played by george coulouris . beulah bondi  donald woods  and the rest of the supporting cast give good performances guided by mr . shumlin .  br    br   the film should serve as a reminder about the evils of totalitarian rule  no matter where .  
this was a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption . i loved the transformation of the brother and the repercussions of the horrible disease on the family . well  acted and well  directed . if there were any flaws  i  d have to say that the story showed the typical suburban family and their difficulties again . what about all people of all cultural backgrounds  i would love to see a movie where all of these cultures are shown  like in real life . nevertheless  the film soared in terms of its values and its understanding of the how a disease can bring someone closer to his or her maker . loved the film and it brought tears to my eyes  
a vow to cherish is a wonderful movie . it  s based on a novel of the same title  which was equally good  though different from the film . really made you think about how you  d respond if you were in the shoes of the characters . recommended for anyone who has ever loved a parent  spouse  or family member   in other words  everyone   br    br   though the production isn  t quite hollywood quality   no big special effects   still  the values and ideals portrayed more than make up for it . and the cast did a wonderful job of capturing the emotional connections between family members  and the devastation that occurs when one of them becomes ill .  br    br   you don  t want to miss this   
i just watched this movie for the second time  and enjoyed it as much as the first time . it is a very emotional and beautiful movie  with good acting and great family values . inspiring and touching   
when i found the movie in the schedule for christmas  its title did not sound familiar to me since i have not read the novel and had not heard anything about the film . yet  having read the content  i decided to spend my christmas evening on watching the movie . the effect surprised me totally i do not remember when i last saw a film in which every single moment involved me . a vow to cherish is  without any doubt  one of the movies that now constitutes a real surprise i have received from cinema . here are some arguments of mine why i consider this film a highly underrated piece of good cinema .  br    br   first  the entire content is particularly educational . it has something to offer to the modern audience  pure right faith and some answers for the universal questions . is there a need for christ in our times  does love still matter  what for is there faith  what is the logics of burden and suffering in life  is there really someone by my side i can always trust  the movie provides the answers through the content since all that happens to the characters may as well happen to any of us .  br    br   second  the movie is exceptionally humane . the main characters experience inner struggles and cope with extremely hard decisions . is it better for kyle david denman  and teri  megan paul  to start their own lives and forget about the family or retain the values they were taught at home  is it better for john  ken howard  to leave ellen  barbara babcock   his sick wife  and start a new happy life with julia  donna bullock   a woman he falls in love with  in fact  ellen no longer recognizes him . . . yet  he decides to vow his wife eternal fidelity . had john  s rebellious brother  phil  d . david morin   better go on his easy life although it does not bring him satisfaction or once start to think seriously of his life . phil  s prayer to god in the park is a psychological masterwork of universal aspect of humanity . these words could be as well said by everybody no matter of where  when or how they live .  br    br   third  the movie is a great portrayal of family  not very popular nowadays there are problems  yet  there is always something more powerful that gets these people together . this  something  is love and trust . i know that it may seem a bit idealistic . not all families can rely on fidelity and it may not be as simple as that . nevertheless  it is a very educational aspect and a realistic one .  br    br   fourth  the entire film focuses on people  s mutual help . if we want to live happy lives in our society  we must understand one thing we have to help one another . alexander  ossie davis  is an example of such attitude . at the beginning of the movie  we see him talk to john about praying . later  he helps his brother . alexander is a kinda  angel  that is sent to john and his family . isn  t it possible that we may become angels to one another   br    br   fifth  the artistic features are also worth attention . performances barbara babcock gives an authentic performance as ellen and although she has a difficult role  she does a perfect job . consider  for instance  the moment she appears at school and badly wants to teach again . ken howard is also memorable as the faithful husband . picture the most memorable for me was the scene of john and ellen in the park walking on the fallen leaves  autumn  while the sunshine  love  spreads everywhere . i interpreted as a sort of symbol even if there is sorrow  this can always be illuminated by light and joy . . .  br    br   a vow to cherish is a wonderful movie that realistically showed to me what it means to love  what fidelity is as well it once again proved to me how beautiful it is to live and believe . at the end  i would like to quote the profound words from the movie i found very touching and hope you will also do  br    br   kyle to his uncle phil yes  he  john brighton  lives according to the bible . but nobody forces you to do so . yet  according to what rules do you live   
for all of you that don  t speak swedish the swedish original title of this film  rnarna  translates into something in the line of  the robbers  . this fact is the main problem i have with the film  cause it  s not really about the robbers at all . it  s about a young woman working for the swedish police researching robberies . a regular desk job one would think  but this girl is soon out on the field taking matters into her own hands  as the story goes  even shooting one of the robbers . . . exactly we  ve seen this before . the fact that there  s a rather interesting twist to the plot halfway through doesn  t really help as the ending is just as clich as the first two thirds of the film .  br    br   what saves it from being just another mainstream film is the fact that it  s masterfully executed in all ways  that the actors are as great as they are and don  t overact and that the director really manages to keep it as thrillingly exciting as it is for the most of the story .  br    br   one thing that i really loved about this film is the fact that it  s music sets the right mood when it  s needed  but is absent for the rest of the time  which gives a nice sense of reality to the shootouts and car  chases spread throughout the film . a nice touch  the fact that michael persbrandt is one of the few swedish actors that often tend to get typecasted sadly hurts the film as you know that he  s not going to just play the boyfriend of the heroine and be a supporting character in the background  but that  s something you have to neglect .  br    br   all in all it  s an entertaining film that steals more money in it  s plot than time from you .      
even this early in his career  capra was quite accomplished with his camera  work and his timing . this is a thin story   and quite predictable at times   but he gets very good performances out of his cast and has some rather intricate camera moves that involve the viewer intimately . the first part looks like a cinderella story  though anyone with brains can see that the bottom will fall out of that   the rich  prince  will lose his fortune .  br    br   nonetheless  because of his good cast and fast pace  it  s easy to get caught up in the clichs . then the movie does become more original  as the married couple have to find a way to make a living . the ending is very predictable but satisfying . i also want to compliment the title  writing very witty and fun .  
that certain thing is the story of a gold digger  viola dana  from a tenement house . her mother uses her to take care of her two brothers  but they are a loving family . although dana  s character has the opportunity to marry a streetcar conductor  she refuses and holds out for a millionaire . everyone makes fun of her for her fantasy  but are surprised when one day she really does meet a millionaire  son of the owner of the popular abc restaurant chain . the two marry hastily  but the girl  s dreams of wealth are shattered when the rich father disowns his son for marrying a gold digger . however  she truly loves her new husband and the two are unexpectedly successful at making it on their own .  br    br   a rare glimpse of movie star viola dana  this film is a lot of fun . dana  s role is accessible  natural  and entertaining . she displays a knack for comedy as well as an ability to do drama .  br    br   the mechanics of the film are a lot of fun too . the camera displays sophisticated late silent techniques like mobility . the title cards are also incredibly clever .  br    br   if you like films like my best girl  it  or the patsy  you will enjoy this film .  
but sadly due to rights issues  that almost certainly will never happen . transcripts of joe bob  s commentary on the sub b movies he screened are available on the internet  but they don  t quite capture his twang inflected delivery  which was a real hoot . nowadays  joe bob  real name john bloom  is confined to doing the supplemental features of such classics as  i spit on your grave   featuring what some exploitation fans call the greatest gang rape on film of all time   and jason x  one of the most reviled friday the   th sequels of all time  the series was never the same once it left paramount  . all i could think when they canceled it was  damn  where else am i going to get my fill of flesh ripping  blonde jokes  and horror trivia every saturday night  does this mean i have to get a life now   sadly  it does . but there  ll always be a place in my horror hungry heart for  monstervision .  long live the drive  in   
monstervision was a show i grew up with . from late night hosting with penn and teller to the one  the only  joe bob briggs . the show kept me up friday nights back in my high school years  and provided some of the best drive  in memories to ever come outside of the drive  in .  br    br   without a doubt  the best late night television ever . if you didn  t stay up  you were missing out .  br    br   i know john bloom and joe bob live on  but i want them back where they belong . . . monstervision  question . . . did anyone else sit through all  hours of  the swarm   q   br    br   long live monstervision   
i remember seeing promos for this show before it appeared back in     . i was  at the time  and now at the age of   it feels weird to have seen this cult show start and end and to look back on it . the    s all of a sudden seem so far away  what a great decade . anyway i used to watch monstervision all the time  as i am a huge fan of monster flicks and horror films . it was like the    s version of chiller theater . if mst  k can get dvd  s why not joe bob  s show  at least monstervision was more interesting and informative . a lot of joe bob  s comments and info on the films were just hilarious . most of the movies shown on the show were b or c grade but it showed a lot of a house films as well like the hammer films from england which are top notch as well as many with the stop motion majesty of ray harryhausen . many were oddball flicks that you wouldn  t see anywhere else like the the japanese sci  fi movies besides of course godzilla which is familiar to almost everyone and independent movies like metal storm and motel hell . with the new decade of film preservation and more independent minded directors  i think monstervision would be a good show for ifc to pick up  since they already have a hit with the ifc grind house show . i  m sure this show will be picked up again for nostalgia reasons some day  i guess will have to wait and see . until then  thats great television    
probably my all  time favorite movie  a story of selflessness  sacrifice and dedication to a noble cause  but it  s not preachy or boring . it just never gets old  despite my having seen it some   or more times in the last   years . paul lukas  performance brings tears to my eyes  and bette davis  in one of her very few truly sympathetic roles  is a delight . the kids are  as grandma says  more like  dressed  up midgets  than children  but that only makes them more fun to watch . and the mother  s slow awakening to what  s happening in the world and under her own roof is believable and startling . if i had a dozen thumbs  they  d all be  up  for this movie .  
i  ll tell you a tale of the summer of     . a friend and i attended a canada day concert in barrie  and it was a who  s who of the top canadian bands of the age . we got there about  am  waited in line most of the morning  and when the doors opened at  am  we were among the first inside the gates . we then waited and waited in the hot sun  slowly broiling but we didn  t care  because the headliners were among our favourites . at one point  early in the afternoon  i sat down and dozed off with my back to the barrier . i was awakened to my shock and dismay by a shrieking girl wearing a rheostatics t  shirt . this is the reason i have hated the rheostatics to this day . there  s nothing reasonable  nor taste  determined  nor really anything except their fandom . snotty of me  isn  t it  so  i  in my hatred of the band  have denied myself the delight that is whale music .  br    br   desmond howl had it all . it  s hard to say what he  s lost  since he lives in a fantastic mansion wedged between the ocean and the mountains  the bc region where the movie was shot is breathtaking  . the life most of us dream of is dismantled by dreams  phantoms  and his own past  until the day a teenaged criminal breaks in . . . and  trite as it sounds  breaks him out .  br    br   canadian cinema suffers from several problems . generally  a lack of money  as well as an insufferable lack of asking for help  as if somehow the feature would cease to be canadian  leads to lower production values than american or british films  and most people don  t like to watch anything that sounds or looks like  well  not like an american film . next  canadian screenwriters often seem so caught up in being weird that they lose sight of how to tell a good story  and tell it well . third  they seem to think that gratuitous nudity  often full  frontal  makes something artistic . i  m sure anyone who watches enough canadian movies  especially late at night on the cbc  knows exactly what i  m talking about . it  s almost like a  don  t do this  handbook exists out there somewhere and canadian film  makers threw it out a long time ago .  br    br   in the   s and   s  however  some films  such as bruce mcdonald  s work and the brilliant c . r . a . z . y .  have broken this mold  and managed to maintain what makes them canadian  while holding onto watchable production values and great stories . whale music is such a film  on the surface . deeper than just its canadian  isms  it  s a deeply moving story of a man who  s lost his grip  through grief and excess  who is redeemed by music then by love . and that redeems even the rheostatics .    
i enjoyed this film yet hated it because i wanted to help this guy  i am in my fifties and have a lot of friends in the music business . . . who are now still trying to become adults . . . . no more fans  groupies  money etc . . . and they are having such a hard time adjusting to a regular life . . . as they see the new bands etc getting the spotlight . . . it is almost like they have to begin anew . . . this film is a testament to what a lot of the old rockers from the    s and    s are going through now . . . . and that  s where i find the film sad and depressing . but it portrays the life of an old rock star  abandoned and lost  in a believable way . the young girl who arrives at his decrepit home reminds me of hollis maclaren  outrageous  . . . and she is one lady in a film you will cheer for . this film is a must have for folks in their    s who have seen the rise and fall of bands  people who knew the members  and have watched them hurt as age creeps in  and popularity fades . this is an almost perfect movie . . . . sad but in a way positive . . . . because of the whales . a must see   
anyone who loves the rheostatics  music is going to enjoy this film . i have some minor complaints  mainly about pacing and the casting of certain actors  not maury  who aren  t really convincing in their roles  but i don  t have time write a detailed review . i just want to warn anyone who has seen this film or plans to watch this film as presented cbc television in canada the version that airs are the cbc is like the reader  s digest version of whale music    don  t watch it . it cuts out entire scenes and subplots  if you can them that  from the film . the cbc  which presents most of films untouched  took half the guts out of whale music . i don  t know why . it  s horrible what they did to the film . rent the video or watch it in a theatre  but don  t watch it on cbc television .  
i was in a bad frame of mind when i first saw this movie . for some reason it clicked on all my levels  tensions in a family  loneliness and the want of someone to share your life with . it didn  t hurt that the someone to share your life with was such a beautiful girl as claire  cyndy preston  . i also bought the sound track to this movie  very hard to get  . loved it and hope it will someday come out on dv  
i was amazingly impressed by this movie . it contained fundamental elements of depression  grief  loneliness  despair  hope  dreams and companionship . it wasn  t merely about a genius musician who hit rock bottom but it was about a man caught up in grief trying drastically to find solace within his music . he finds a companion who comes with her own issues . claire and des were able to provide each other with friendship and love but more importantly a conclusion to events which had shaped their life for the worst .  br    br   des is an unlikely character by todays standards of a rock star . yet he has musical genius . he also has an event in his past that has made him stagnate  while things around him literally go to ruins . his focus is creating his whale music  in fact it becomes an obsession for him .  br    br   claire is the streetwise kid that needs a place to stay . she finds hidden talents while being in des company . she also finds a mutual friend that accepts her . she learns to trust him over a period of time .  br    br   these two find love with one another . not the mind blowing  sex infused kind of passion  but a love where friendship and understanding means more . for two people who have been hurt  they find trust together .  
a friend of mine recommended this movie  citing my vocal and inflective similarities with des howl  the movie  s main character . i guess to an extent i can see that and perhaps a bit more  i  m not very sure whether or not that  s flattering portrayal .  br    br   this is a pretty unique work  the only movie to which this might have more than a glancing similarity would be true romance  not for the content or the style of filming or for the pace of dialogue  whale music is just so much more  well  relaxed .  but instead that they both represent modern love stories .  br    br   in general i  m a big fan of canadian movies about music and musicians  for example i highly recommend hard core logo  and this film in particular . it has an innocent charm  des is not always the most likeably guy  but there  s something about him that draws a sterling sort of empathy .  
my first exposure to  whale music  was the rheostatics album of the same name  that i bought around     . i was reading the liner notes and the band said the album  which remains in a prominent place in my collection  was inspired by canadian author paul quarrington  s book .  br    br   i picked up the book a few months later and devoured it  an amazing read  i have since re  read the book numerous times  each time finding some new element to desmond and his desire to complete the whale music .  br    br   i found the film in      on video . i haven  t had a lot of good experiences with canadian film  but this one worked for me . the role of claire could have been cast differently  but overall i think that paul quarrington  s vision was transfered nicely from the book to the screen .  br    br   maury chaykin gives a moving performance as the isolated genius . the movie deals with family relationships  love  and finding someone who understands . i would strongly recommend  whale music  to not only music fans  but anyone who has ever lost something or someone  and tried to find their way back to the world .  
walking the tightrope between comedy and drama is one of the toughest acts in cinema . how do you get laughs out of other people  s misery and not start feeling bad when it goes on too long   br    br   well  this surprising little gem of a movie will deliver great big laughs  beautiful scenery  and quite a good buzz as well . i particularly like the concept that a trick of history made alcohol legal since white europeans liked it  and marijuana illegal  since  those other races  used it . . . undoubtedly true and exposes a racial side to the marijuana laws so openly flaunted by populations all over the world .  br    br   an extraordinary  dvd extra  commentary . . . two of them in fact . . . run thru the whole movie with both the actors  and then again with the writers . i kept seeing things i was sure were not in the first movie  but then realizing how easy it is to miss much of the subtle comedy on the first take . what a hoot  don  t miss it      stars  
  br    br   this is definitely a  must see  for those who occasionally smoke a reefer in their secret hide  out  trying to avoid being caught by parents  teachers  the police  etc . . . the protagonist is a lady in her forties  living in her mansion  breeding orchids  and absolutely unaware of the fact that her so  called rich and truthful husband is actually broke and cheating on her . when he all of the sudden dies  she is confronted with the truth . the bailiff comes by to tell her that she is in a huge debt . she doesn  t know what to do  until her gardener tells her about the recent success of marijuana in britain . she decides after some long thinking to get rid of her flowers and start breeding pot instead . . . the story is quite original  the performances outstanding  i can think of only a few movies that made me laugh more than this one . still  the melodramatic touch is present . the film is typical british the jokes aren  t vulgar  there is no violence involved . it shouldn  t be mentioned that it is recommended to have taken a few draughts before watching  saving grace  . it will be so much more fun  especially the scene with the  old ladies in their tea shop is hilarious . i thought my jawbones would burst .      
this is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist  and am i glad he did  the blend of british humor  should i say  humour   and the reality of a lost  middle  aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a hoot . add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot  those plants under the bushes were not going to make it without the tlc they received   and it is a truly hilarious  yet touching film . i laugh every time i conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights  maybe it  s just my mendocino county blood  but the brits definitely got this one right         
it may  or may not  be considered interesting that the only reason i really checked out this movie in the first place was because i wanted to see the performance of the man who beat out humphrey bogart in his casablanca       role for the best actor oscar .  i still would have given the oscar to bogie  but paul lukas did do a great job and deserved the nomination  at least .  well  i  m glad i did check this movie out  because i enjoyed it immensely . i think the movie did preach a little  but not only did i not mind  i enjoyed the speeches and was never bored with them .  br    br   the acting was outstanding in this movie . i especially enjoyed paul lukas  lucile watson  rightfully nominated for an oscar   bette davis  wrongfully not nominated   george coulouris and  oddly  eric roberts  who plays the middle child . i really enjoyed his character an odd  looking boy who talks like some sort of philosopher . he just cracks me up . even the characters name  bodo  is funny .  br    br   the ending  in which lukas  s character was forced to do something he considered wrong even though he was doing it for all the right reasons  worked for me as well . i agreed with why he felt he had to what he did  and i understood why he couldn  t quite explain it . the message this movie makes is a good and noble one  the scenery  meaning the house  is beautiful  and the acting is the excellent . watch this movie if you ever get a chance .  br    br        
this is an hilarious movie . one of the very best things about it is the quality of the performance by each actor . from the largest role to the smallest  each character is vivid  unforgettable and so understandable . it can also make you laugh so hard your health will improve .  
a sweet little movie which would not even offend your grandmother   saving grace  seems cut from the same cloth as a half  dozen other british comedies over the past two years . . . underdog is faced with adversity  finds the strength to challenge and learns something about him  herself in the process .  br    br   widowed and thus broke  grace is a master gardener  and is enlisted to help her friend  employee matthew grow his pot plant . he  s been doing it all wrong  so grace helps him out . they realize that she is the perfect person to harvest pot  which they can both benefit from . he enjoys smoking  she needs to raise funds to pay her mortgage .  br    br   highlight is grace travelling to london to deal some of her merchandise  dressed in what looks like the white suit john travolta wore in  saturday night fever  and therefore sticking out like a sore thumb .  br    br   blethyn is always watchable  and you can  t say that about a lot of people . . well  i can  t  anyway . ferguson is very good  and tcheky karyo  who i liked in  la femme nikita   is memorable .  br    br   not profoundly moving or insightful  but immensely entertaining  and at a brisk   minutes  feels like a walk with friends .     .  
i love this film . it  s one of those i can watch again and again . it is acted well by a good cast that doesn  t try too hard to be star studded .  br    br   the premise of a newly widowed housewife who turns to selling pot to make ends meet could have been made into an americanised turd of a movie or an action thriller . either would have killed the film completely .  br    br   the film plays out like an ealing comedy with a terrific feel  good factor throughout .  br    br   it is worth watching just for the scene with the two old ladies and a box of cornflakes . . .  no that  s not a spoiler    
yes this movie is predictable and definitely not award  material . but then it doesn  t try to be anything it is not . a fun  filled romp with real funny one  liners  a stellar and very funny performance by peter o  toole  a grounding and down to earth performance from joan plowright . the band  s performance was on the spot  each one playing their role in a deft  comical manner . the music was good though not great but filled out the movie nicely . from some of the negative comments i deduced that the subtlety of some of the humour went over their heads . a good example is the comment about the  strange baseball  like game   well my dear american  that was cricket  from which baseball is derived  and the explaining of it to the ignorant us band was very funny for those that do know cricket . also no  you were not supposed to wince when carl broke a window it was funny how lord foxley said  oh yes   to get more money for breakage and the manager said at the same time  oh no  also referring to the money . jeez  it seems that every joke must be explained to some people . . . all  in  all i enjoyed it and had some great laughs  well worth seeing .  
charming doesn  t even begin to describe  saving grace  it  s absolutely irresistible  anyone who ventures into this movie will leave with their spirits soaring high  haha  .  br    br   grace trevethyn  brenda blethyn  has just lost her husband  but her problems are about to get a whole lot worse . her dearly departed has left her with no money and outstanding debts . faced with losing everything  she has to find out a way to get a lot of cash . . . fast  she gets an idea when her gardener  matthew  craig ferguson  asks the town  famous horticulturist to give him advice on a plant he is secretly growing . grace immediately realizes that his plant is marijuana  so they decide to use her gardening skills to grow a lot of top  quality weed  and then sell it to pay off her outstanding debts .  br    br   the most notable quality about  saving grace  is its likability . every character is extremely sympathetic  and  save for the first   or so minutes  the film is non  stop good cheer . everyone wants a happy ending for everyone  even if it means turning a blind eye to some rather illegal activities .  br    br   the acting is top  notch . brenda blethyn is one of britain  s finest actresses  and here is why . she turns what could have been a caricature into a fully living and breathing individual . she  s a nice lady  but she  s not stupid . craig ferguson is equally amiable as matthew . he  s a deadbeat loser  but he  s so likable that it doesn  t matter . the rest of the ensemble cast fits in this category as well  but special mention has to go to tcheky karyo . the french actor always has a aura of menace about him  and that suits him well  but he also has great comedy skills .  br    br   nigel cole finds the perfect tone for  saving grace .  it  s all about the charm . one of the problems i have with british humor is that all the energy seems to be drained out of the film . not so here . the film is thoroughly likable and always amusing . that  s not to say that  saving grace  is just a likable movie that will leave you with a grin and a good feeling . while this movie is not an out and out comedy  it does boast two or three scenes that are nothing short of hysterical .  br    br   if there  s any problem with the film  it  s that the climax is a little confusing . the questions are answered though  and the ending boasts an unexpected twist .  br    br   see  saving grace   especially when you  re having a bad day .  
i saw it last night on tv  and was quite delighted .  br    br   it is sort of the movie which makes you feel nice and warm around heart  and believe that there is still some goodness in the world  all the neighbours pretended not to see what grace was doing in order to help her and protect her  the old policeman is my favourite   although you know that this story is not quite realistic .  br    br   i loved acting  they all seemed just as ordinary  common people  living in small picturesque english coast town  but the greatest thing in the movie was the wit and humor it has  just remember the scene in the shop with two old ladies after they had their  tea     br    br   perhaps the ending was a little bit confusing  but it didn  t stop me from really  really enjoying the whole story   
  saving grace  is never riotously funny  but it delivers quite a few good laughs and i enjoyed it to a significant degree . brenda blethyn is a fine actress  and does a good job at portraying widower grace  who resorts to growing marijuana to pay off her massive debts . the supporting cast also does a fine job . french actor tchecky karyo has a funny little role . the premise alone is appealing . the idea of an over  the  hill woman growing and smoking pot sounds funny enough . and the film plays around with the premise wisely every now and then . of course  there are flat moments  like one where two elderly women mistaken grace  s marijuana leaves for tea leaves and they start pulling childish antics at the store where they work . that was a mindless gag that didn  t quite take off . the film  s tone is downbeat and occasionally dull  but i got enough laughs to give this english import a recommendation .  br    br   my score   out of     
saving grace is a feel good movie with it  s heart in the right place . grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts . she could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana . she  s living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors . there  s only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it  s user . it  s obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff . the way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny . it  s precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by english slapstick  and that is a pity in a movie that is none the less very enjoyable .  
after her oscar  nominated turn in  secrets  lies   brenda blethyn starred in the equally great  saving grace  . and let me tell you  this is not the sort of movie that you find every day .  br    br   after her husband commits suicide  grace trevethyn  brenda blethyn  discovers that his irresponsible financial decisions have left her with a massive debt . fortunately  she finds a way to make ends meet marijuana . that  s right  grace starts cultivating it .  br    br   every aspect of this movie was played to great effect there isn  t a dull moment anywhere in it . and i sure didn  t see that end scene coming  but anyway  you gotta see this movie . you just might feel more than a little festive after seeing it . if nothing else  it might function as a good lesson about knowing one  s finances . but of course  there  s a lot more to it than that   
this light hearted comedy should be enjoyed for entertainment value . it gets quite hysterically funny at times  but if you haven  t spent any time on  that  side of the tracks you will miss the comedy when it erupts .  br    br   the cast of characters meld well together and are quite believable in their roles . how grace handles meeting her dead husbands girlfriend was well played . she  s a true lady . and  my favorite is grace  s white pimp suit that she wears .  br    br   i highly recommend this flick to anyone who wants to laugh out loud  who cheers for the underdog or just wishes to watch something different .  
for muslim women in western africa  married life at the hands of abusive husbands can be very hard . the community may not explicitly endorse such behaviour  but equally  they may not yet be ready to see it as criminal  an attitude which of course enables it to continue . fortunately  the letter of the cameroonian law promises equality to all  and this documentary follows the real life exploits of various female practitioners in the cameroonian legal system as they attempt to secure justice for a number of women and children . what is notable  apart from the uplifting central story  is how  in spite of their informality  the courts are actually pragmatically progressive  if a case is actually bought . the program also gives a fascinating insight the whole cameroonian life  style  which  aside from the awful crimes committed in the featured cases  seems amazingly emotional and joyous compared with that enjoyed by inhabitants of europe or north america . and while i concede that this comment may betray naivet on my part  this attitude appears to be captured in delightful pidgin  english they speak . overall  this is a terrific little film  and much more fun to watch than you might imagine .  
yet another example of what british cinema can achieve a simple story  told and acted well . brenda blethyn gives a layered and warming performance as the recently widowed and financially straitened grace  ably assisted by a solid supporting cast . the  quirky small town  card gets played to the hilt  similar to many tv series and films that have come from the british isles in recent years  ballykissangel  hamish macbeth and others come to mind  . like the forementioned  this film makes use of some ravishingly beautiful rural scenery  in this case the wet and wild cornish coast .  br    br   some viewers might find wholesale acceptance of cannabis use a bit challenging  others might find the ending just a little too cute and safe . but it  s an enjoyable spliff  to be sure .  
a delightful gentle comedic gem  until the last five minutes  which degenerate into run of the mill british tv farce . the last five minutes cost it  points in my rating . despite this major plot and style flaw  it  s worth watching for the character acting and the unique cornwall setting . many fine little bits to savor  like the tense eternity we all go through waiting for the bank approval after the clerk has swiped the credit card . . . made more piquant when we  re not  quite  sure the card is not maxed .  
i saw saving grace right after it came out on video . since then it  s become one of my favorites  the plot isn  t particularly complex but it doesn  t take away from the entertainment . it  s chuck full of comedic moments and has a very endearing quality to it . the characters are what makes the movie so good . they each have their own quirky qualities which adds to the humor  the two old ladies played by linda kerr scott and phyllida law leaps to mind . superb acting was done by all  particularly brenda blythen . she and craig ferguson were great together in pulling off some of the funnier moments . if you  re looking for a good comedy i  d definately recommend this movie   
this movie is inspiring to anyone who is or has been in a tough jam  whether financially or emotionally . you will definitely laugh  which is the best medicine    left in a bad financial situation when her husband dies  grace has to find a new way to make some money and it  s not exactly legal which adds to the humour . even my boyfriend liked it so don  t think that it  s a chick  flic .  
excellent view of a mature woman  that is going to lose everything  even the pruner has a mortgage  . the way she gets involved into this special  business   the innocence  and the true love that exists between the people of a little town  it  s mixed perfectly to give us as result a fresh  light and funny comedy . i couldn  t stop laughing with a very funny scene of two old ladies in a drugstore .  br    br   i love european films  and with movies like this one  my opinion grows stronger . a movie that i also recommend with my eyes closed  in this same genre  is waking ned devine .  br    br   saving grace  a comedy that many friends enjoyed as much as myself . you will love it .  
saving grace is a nice movie to watch in a boring afternoon  when you are looking for something different than the regular scripts and wants to have some fun . i mean  the whole idea of this movie and all the marijuana in it is such a craziness  it was the first movie i watched with this theme  drugs  marijuana  that is not really criticizing it  only making jokes about it . grace trevethyn is a widow  who lives in a small town in u . k . and has many financial problems because of her dead husband  who committed suicide since he was full of debts . the problem is that grace  who imagined to have some money saved for her  discovers that she needs to pay all of her husband  s pounds in debts to not lose all of her things  specially her house that she loves so much . she never worked before  and is in a tragic situation until matthew  her gardener who is very found of smoking pot  decides to make a partnership with her in selling marijuana in large scale .  
great actors  an oscar nominee actress  stunning scenery  good strong story line and more laughs than you can fit into my new handbag  and thats quite big  . this film was brilliant . it was beautifully acted in the more serious scenes and the funny moments were . . well  side splitting . i have never heard a cinema audience laugh so much  and tears were streaming down my cheeks during the  stoned ladies in the tea shop  scene . well done to the british film industry and to craig ferguson whose magic ingredients have made sure this is one of my favourite films of the year  if not of all time .  
i just thought it was excellent and i still do . i  m grateful we  re still able to see different stuff from what hollywood almost floods us with . saving grace is smart and enjoyable  those who feel offended by the marijuana thing better go see the america  s bride sort of movie .  br    br   saving grace also shows that a funny movie doesn  t have to be stupid . i was laughing my ass off during most of it but also pondering questions about what was the female lead character supposed to do to pay her deceased husband  s debts .  br    br   in a nutshell  a witty storyline with typical english humour and good acting and directing . you couldn  t ask for more .  br    br       .  
it  s a bit easy . that  s about it .  br    br   the graphics are clean and realistic  except for the fact that some of the fences are  d  but that  s forgiveable . the rest of the graphics are cleaner than goldeneye and many other n   games . the sounds are magnificant . everything from the speaking to the sfx are pleasant and realistic .  br    br   the camera angle is a bit frustrating at times  but it  s the same for every platform game  like banjo  kazooie and donkey kong   .  br    br   i got this game as a christmas present in      and since then  i have dutifully gotten    stars over   times .  
mario  s first foray into the world of   dimensions is incredible . miyamoto  s masterpiece was reason enough to buy a nintendo   when it was released in     and it still holds all of it  s charm today . this game is an instant classic that set the standard for  d adventure  platform games .  
sisters in law will be released theatrically on march   th in sweden . a good occasion for our nordic friends to discover this original and thoughtful documentary . it was shown in gteborg together with a retrospective dedicated to kim longinotto   director in focus  of the festival . she gave a master class  very much appreciated  telling about her method as documentary filmmaker and told the audience about the special circumstances which led her to shoot sisters in law twice  the first version got lost for good  so a second shooting was organized and the film turned out to be different at the end . a pretty awful problem happened  in this case  to create the possibility of a very strong movie .  
this movie had an interesting cast  it mat not have had an a list cast but the actors that were in this film did a good job . im glad we have b grade movies like this one  the story is basic the actors are basic and so is the way they execute it  you don  t need a million dollar budget to make a film just a mix of b list ordinary actors and a basic plot . i like the way they had the street to themselves and that there was no one else around and also what i though was interesting is that they didn  t close down a caf to set there gear and that they did it all from a police station . arnold vosloo and michael madsen did a great job at portraying there roles in the hostage situation . this was a great film and i hope to see more like it in the near future .  
although super mario   isn  t like the rest of the games in the series  it is still a classic and is every bit as good as the old games . games with this much replay value are few and far between . plus  this game has so much variety . there are   levels each with several different tasks you can do  and many other hidden tasks . the game isn  t very challenging  but its lack of challenge doesn  t take away from the game at all . once you beat it  you  ll want to erase your game and start again . and its just as much fun the second time  or third time  or two hundredth time . a must own for any nintendo   owner  and is a reason in itself to own a nintendo   .  
super mario   is undoubtedly the greatest game ever created . it is so addicting that you could play it for hours upon hours without stopping for a break . i  ve beaten the game  times  but i  ve never gotten all    stars . . .  i  ve gotten     . . . but i hope to achieve them eventually . even though i didn  t officially play this game until i was seven in  i loved watching my sisters play it . now i am   and still play this  erasing games and starting over again .  br    br   the graphics are unbelievable for an early n   game . the gameplay is addictive . the controls are great . the levels are tough  but not impossible . the bowser fights are challenging .  br    br   i would like to tell you more  but why don  t you just get it for yourself  put the x  box     ps   and the wii away and go find yourself a nintendo   and play this amazing  wonderful game .  
one of the funnest mario  s i  ve ever played . the levels are creative  there are fluid controls  and good graphics for its time . there  s also a multitude of crazy bosses and enemies to fight . sometimes the levels get frustrating  and if you leave out some of the hard levels and still  need to get more accomplished to fight a boss  it can be annoying . another complaint is the camera angle though it works fairly well most of the time  it can be a pain in certain situations . if your a big time mario fan this ones for you . even if your not a huge fan of him  i  d still recommend this one . its a big game  and getting what you need can take a while  but it  s very satisfying . good for playing in short bursts of time . it will almost certainly hold your interest it sure does hold mine   
when i first got my n   when i was five or six  i fell in love with it  and my first game was super mario   . and i loved it  the graphics were great for it  s time  a good plot  great courses and above all  the best music i heard in a nintendo game .  br    br   i don  t remember the plot completely  but i think princess peach was kidnapped by bowser  and mario has to rescue her . the object of the game is to get    stars from the curses in the castle . each had about five or six challnges to get the stars . there are secert parts of the castle  where you can get more stars . but of course  you have beat bowser . i think there are three levels to beat bowser on lets start with the characters . mario is the main character  and gets helpful advice from toad  so he is basically one of your only alliances . i heard that luigi and yoshi are in the game towards the end . the main villain is bowser  and there are a bunch of other characters like boo and goomba . the characters are really great .  br    br   next  how about the graphics  people say gameplay is more important then the graphics  and i agree completely . but with he great plot  there are great graphics . especially for it  s time . i have a whole bunch of other nintendo games like    and their graphics don  t compare to super mario . bright colors  great effects and awesome sound effects . i found the graphics in the water courses very very good . next to the bowser world ones  it has the best graphics in the game .  br    br   now  the music . this is my favorite part of the game . growing up  when i played this at a young age  i  d gladly leave the game on all night so the music would put me to sleep . especially the music from jolly roger bay  which was peaceful and wonderful . there are others that are great too  especially in  once again  the worlds with bowser  are the ones that stick with me the most and are my favorites .  br    br   this game was my favorite past time as a developing gamer  and i love it . this game gets      or          go play the game   
or at least one of the best . i think this is a very fun and very cool game for the n   . bowser is up to his usual shenanigans  yeah it  s a dumb word but the only one i can think of  and mario must stop him again . this game is very fun to play  and contains lots of nostalgia to me . the only bad thing about it is the graphics  which are awful to today  s standards  but everything else is pretty good  especially the little mini  games you can unlock  it  s the second best n   game  the first best is conker  s bad fur day  that i recommend to any mario fan  or any fan of platform games . it beats out mediocre super mario sunshine any day .  br    br       or a  
yes  that  s right  it is . i firmly believe that the n   and the weird looking controller were both designed just so this game could be made . it was amazing the first time i saw it  with its huge environments and colorful characters  and its amazing now . the play control is perfect  the graphics are beautiful  and it has that nintendo charm that is always so intangible but undeniably there . a must have for any n   owner  and a reason to get an n   for everyone else .  
rated e  br    br   i never actually owned a nintendo   but i have played one many times . in my opinion along with conkers bad fur day  super mario   is one of the best video games for the nintendo   system . i have played this game plenty of times and its good every time . if you have an n   and don  t have this game you should try to find it . the original super mario bros games were side scrolling video games but super mario   has a  d mario in a nice  d environment . the game is sort of weird but there is plenty of things you can do in the game . you play as super mario and once again you must rescue princess and the    power stars from bowzer . now you can do it in a  d environment . super mario   is a very fun and good n   game and i recommend it .  br    br         
this game is amazing . really  you should get it if you don  t have it . although it is ancient now it was amazing when it came out . i believe that this game will always be a classic . it  s just as good a super mario world or so . when i was young  my friend and i would sit and play this game for hours trying to beat it which we eventually did . it  s not nearly as advanced as super mario galaxy  but if you are a fellow mario fan it is essential . it  s fun entertaining and challenging . everything you could want out of a fantasy game except for good graphics   well it did come out in     .  rock on  eva mario luigi and yoshi    nintendo is the best   
mario is invited to princess peach  s castle for cake . when mario gets there  he finds out that bowser has kidnapped her  mario must save the day again . unlike the   d games  mario can explore anything he wants to . he can just roam around  climb trees trying to look for   ups  find secrets in levels  and more . you can spend four hours in one level . no time limits . there are   worlds  with a number of stages  and there are star doors  which you need a certain number of stars to get into . once you get in these star doors  you must go through a stage and fight bowser at the end of the stage . to get to certain worlds  you need a number of stars to get in . you enter the world by going through a painting . there is so much stuff to do and so many hours of gameplay  i don  t see how anyone could dislike this game . it  s great . this launch title is the game that insured gamers that the n   would have a good life . every  d plat  form game we know of has something in common with sm   . banjo kazooie and banjo tooie are examples that are commonly used . super mario   is one of the greatest games in the history of  d games .   out of   . if you have an n    buy this game . it  s hard to find used  because no one  s selling this baby for  bucks at the pawn shop . a perfect   .  
i have not read the novel  though i understand that this is somewhat different from it the fact that i rather enjoyed this  coupled with the fact that this really is not my genre  leads me to the decision of not pursuing reading the book . having not read a single word of austen  s writing  i really can  t compare this to any of her work . what i can say is that almost every line of dialog in this is clever  witty  and well  delivered  as well as the biggest source of comedy in this . this made me laugh out loud a lot  with perfect british and verbal material . every acting performance is spot  on  and paltrow completely nails the role of a kind matchmaker . the characters are well  written  credible and consistent . i did find a couple of them extremely irritating  however  and while i think that at least some of that was meant to be funny  it tended to get repeated excessively  and it honestly wasn  t amusing the first time they appeared . the editing and cinematography are marvelous  and everything looks utterly gorgeous . plot and pacing are great  you  re never bored . it does end in a really obvious manner  but maybe that  s what the audience of these prefer . i can  t claim that this did not entertain me  it did from start to finish  and i  d watch it again . there is brief language in this . i recommend this to any fan of romance stories .      
this amazing documentary gives us a glimpse into the lives of the brave women in cameroun  s judicial system   policewomen  lawyers and judges . despite tremendous difficulties   lack of means  the desperate poverty of the people  multiple languages and multiple legal precedents depending on the region of the country and the religious  ethnic background of the plaintiffs and defendants   these brave  strong women are making a difference .  br    br   this is a rare thing   a truly inspiring movie that restores a little bit of faith in humankind . despite the atrocities we see in the movie  justice does get served thanks to these passionate  hardworking women .  br    br   i only hope this film gets a wide release in the united states . the more people who see this film  the better .  
this is an ok adaptation  but not as good as the tv version . the actors are generally alright but i found jeremy northam rather wet as mr knightley  particularly compared to mark strong in the tv version . gwyneth paltrow is ok and her english accent is pretty good but again  i preferred kate beckinsale  s emma . there are excellent support performances from toni collette  juliet stephenson and sophy thompson .  br    br   the script is often played too much for laughs  the book is a comedy  but there are too many set  piece gags here  and also the frank churchill subplot is almost completely absent .  br    br   my biggest criticism is the scenery . it is far too lush . england has never been like this . it looks like a chocolate box . only americans would make it like this .  br    br   despite these criticisms i enjoyed this film but would recommend the tv adaptation more .  
  emma woodhouse  gwyneth paltrow  shakespeare in love  duets  has nothing to do with herself but painting  going with her friends on her chariot up and down  saying hello to people in town  and trying to match make everybody she knows . i guess there were no movies  no television in those days  and the girls had nothing to do but gossip . i wish she had read a little more . i like gwyneth  and think that she is a lovely young woman . she is talented  and in  emma  one has the privilege to hear gwyneth sing . i am looking forward to seeing  duets   where she is suppose to sing . she is brave to speak british english with all those native britons  including emma thompson  s sister   miss bates  sophie thompson  four weddings and a funeral  dancing at lughnasa  .  mrs . elton  juliet stevenson  truly  madly deeply  was considered one of the most promising actors in     . gwyneth is part of the american movie royalty  being none other than the daughter of director bruce paltrow  st . elsewhere  and tony award winner blythe danner  the myth of fingerprints  . she will hopefully be around for a real long time . lucky us  i liked emma and also recommend it . it is one of those old stories that are still accurate those days . favorite scenes emma singing and playing the piano . i specially like it when she sings a duet . favorite quotes mr . knightley   emma  you didn  t ask me to contribute a riddle .  emma  your entire personality is a riddle  mr . knightley . i thought you overqualified .  miss bates  it left us speechless  quite speechless i tell you  and we have not stopped talking of it since .   
first i bough this movie on vhs than i just had to buy it on dvd  it is on of my favorite movies of all time . i have read the book  but i really think the movie is much better . i loved gwyneth paltrow as emma and jeremy northam as mr . knightley was an excellent chose . he was brilliant   br    br   it  s a      movie     br    br    
if you have any clue about jane austens production  youll now that she repeats the same in each of her novels marriage  marriage and marriage  in my opinion all the movies made from her novels are a bit boring  but i like austens characters  because they all have a certain personality and typical sayings they like to repeat as also in emma . the thing that makes emma good is gwyneth paltrow  shes very good in her leading role . also the fact that each one of the characters in the movie dont seem to be able to think anything but how to get a good partner and soon married makes the movie hilarious .  
emma is a horribly flawed film based on jane austens classic novel . i have not read the book so i really didn  t know that much about the plot  and yet i still predicted nearly the entire plot . there were also many scenes that frustrated me because of the bad writing or directing . the film is though for some reason very entertaining and i loved it . of course there were all the scenes i disliked but the majority was well acted and funny . gwyneth paltrow gives one of her best performances as the heroine in emma . the film also stars toni collette  who has okay but has been much better  ewan mecgreger  who has also been better but he is still very good here  alan cumming  who i have never really been impressed with and is pretty much the same here  and jeremy northam  who  s performance is rather wooden at first look but actually fairly subtle  even if that was not what it needed  there have been much better adaptations of jane austen books but this one is still very entertaining and worth watching .  
a slight  charming little movie to be sure  but a superbly  crafted one . gwyneth paltrow shines in this early showcase for her british accent  and the cast assembled around her all lap up the dialogue . this came out around the time of sense and sensibility  and i  m sure i don  t know why that one garnered all the oscar attention . emma is jane austen  s most accessible and least stuffy story  told well .  
  emma  was a product of what might be called by the first great jane austen cycle of the mid  nineties  and it was recently shown on british television  doubtless because of the interest in the author created by the second great jane austen cycle which started with  pride and prejudice  two years ago . we currently have in the cinemas the austen biopic  becoming jane   and itv have recently produced three tv movies based on austen novels . these include  northanger abbey   the only one of the six major novels not to have been filmed previously  so the cycle should now be complete . no doubt  however  there will be more to come in the near future .  there is  after all  her juvenile  love and freindship   sic   the short novella  lady susan   and someone  somewhere  has doubtless supplied endings to her two unfinished fragments  the watsons  and  sanditon  . then there are all those austen sequels churned out by modern writers  .  br    br   the main character is emma woodhouse  a young lady from an aristocratic family in regency england .  not  as some reviewers have assumed  victorian england  austen died before queen victoria was even born  . emma is  financially  considerably better off than most austen heroines such as elizabeth bennett or fanny price  and has no need to find herself a wealthy husband . instead  her main preoccupation seems to be finding husbands for her friends . she persuades her friend harriet to turn down a proposal of marriage from a young farmer  robert martin  believing that harriet should be setting her sights on the ambitious clergyman mr elton . this scheme goes disastrously wrong  however  as elton has no interest in harriet  but has fallen in love with emma herself . the speed with which emma rejects his proposal makes one wonder just why she was so keen to match her friend with a man she regards  with good reason  as an unsuitable marriage partner for herself . this being a jane austen plot  emma turns out to be less of a committed spinster than she seems  and she too finds herself falling in love  leading to further complications .  br    br   emma always insists that she will not marry without affection  and when she does find a partner  the handsome mr knightley  we feel that this will indeed be an affectionate marriage . it does not  however  seem likely to be a very passionate one  unlike  say  that of elizabeth bennett and mr darcy  . knightley  who is sixteen years older than emma  she is    he     and related to her by marriage  is more like a father  figure than a lover . much more of a father  figure  in fact  than her actual father  a querulous and selfish old hypochondriac who seems more like her grandfather . when emma is rude to her unbearably garrulous and tedious friend miss bates  it is knightley who chides her for her lack of manners .  his surname is probably meant to indicate his gentlemanly nature  nineteenth  century gentlemen liked to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of mediaeval knights with their elaborate codes of chivalry  . both gwyneth paltrow and jeremy northam play their parts very well  but this is not really one of the great screen romances .  br    br   of the other characters  i liked juliet stephenson  s vulgar mrs elton and toni collette  s harriet . i know that in the novel harriet was a nave young teenager  whereas here she is more like the character collette played in  muriel  s wedding   a gauche  slightly overweight twentysomething  fretting about her chances of finding a man . nevertheless  i felt that this characterisation worked well in the context of the film and did not detract from austen  s themes .  br    br    emma  is one of austen  s more light  hearted works  without the darker overtones of  mansfield park  or even  pride and prejudice   and this is reflected on screen . we see a world of beauty and grace  full of stately homes and elegant costumes and fine manners . apart from the ruffianly gypsies  who make a very brief appearance  the only  poor  people we see are mrs bates and her daughter  and  as they live in the sort of picturesque rose  strewn thatched cottage which today would change hands for over          we can be sure that their poverty is relative  not absolute . in emma  s world  poverty is defined as not having your own stately home . this is  of course  not a comprehensive picture of early nineteenth  century life  but nobody has ever claimed austen as the regency equivalent of a kitchen  sink realist . sophisticated romantic comedy  combined with a keen eye for analysing human character  was more in her line .  br    br   i would not rate this film quite as highly as the      sense and sensibility  or the recent  pride and prejudice   it tends to drag a bit in the middle  although it has a strong beginning and strong ending  but it is  in the main  a highly enjoyable austen adaptation .      
lavish production values and solid performances in this straightforward adaption of jane austen  s satirical classic about the marriage game within and between the classes in provincial   th century england . northam and paltrow are a salutory mixture as friends who must pass through jealousies and lies to discover that they love each other . good humor is a sustaining virtue which goes a long way towards explaining the accessability of the aged source material  which has been toned down a bit in its harsh scepticism  . i liked the look of the film and how shots were set up  and i thought it didn  t rely too much on successions of head shots like most other films of the   s and   s do . very good results .  
wrapped in gorgeous english country backgrounds  emma is a delicious confection to be relished for dreamy getaways .  br    br   emma  gwyneth paltrow  is a graceful  intelligent young woman who has just married off her governess   and confidant   to a marriage which emma takes the credit in matchmaking . eager to use her talent in arranging things for the people around her  she decides to match the vicar  mr . elton  alan cummings  with her pretty young friend  harriet  toni collette  .  br    br   the result is a series of mixed signals and mistaken interpretations that end up sorting themselves out  with emma learning that she did not have as much control over events as she thought .  br    br   the film is full of jane austen  s witty and wry characterizations . gwyneth paltrow is at her best  portraying this maiden of a restrained  polite society with wit and ease . her growing romance with the unparalleled mr . knightley  jeremy northam  is the heart of this film . mr . knightley is one of the greatest romantic leading men in films . he is incredibly handsome  in a modest  relaxed way that is irresistible . he is certainly well  matched to gwyneth paltrow . their charming friendship that began when he was   and she was an infant  has blossomed as he  a family friend  matches wits with her in an older brotherly fashion that grows into something more . with a wry look or understated jab at emma  northam  s knightley is a delight to watch .  br    br   other wonderful characterizations include the comic juliet stevenson  greta scacchi  ewan mcgregor  polly walker  and the talkative spinster  miss bates  who is very funny .  br    br   seeming shorter and more flowing than most jane austin adaptations  emma has comic rhythm that promises true enjoyment .  
i  m a huge jane austen fan and besides being a feature  length film  a true fan wants to see as little left out as possible and that can only be achieved in a mini  series  it was really great . gwyneth paltrow really captures the slightly clueless but well  intentioned rich girl and jeremy northam is mr . knightly with his poise and nobility . i wasn  t thrilled with ewan mcgregor even though i like him very much as an actor but didn  t feel it spoiled the movie at all . like i said  as a jane austen fan there were things i would have liked to have seen included that weren  t but that would have made it much longer than permissible for a feature length film and as it was i felt they really encapsulated the story well . i  ve seen every adaptation of this book and felt this was the best one   
this is a powerful documentary about domestic abuse in the cameroon . the  sisters  in law are female lawyers and judges who in     successfully prosecuted husbands for abusive treatment of their spouses and won one woman a divorce she desperately wanted through a muslim council . it is rather long   about two hours   but fascinating in terms both of the individual plaintiffs and defendants and the lawyers who successfully represented them in court rooms presided over by female judges . it will leave you  as it left me  with many questions about exactly how this change occurred . how and when did women come to occupy positions of authority in the cameroon  have the several cases featured in this film had a significant effect on the treatment of women generally by their spouses  was the granting of a divorce by a muslim court  against the express wishes of the husband  a one time event  i  m not suggesting that the film makers could have answered these questions . they made the movie two years ago  not yesterday . and the movie they made deserves a wide audience .  
i saw this movie being a jane austen addicted and always feeling doubtful about cinematographic rendering of the complexity of her novels well  this transposition is simply accurate  intelligent  delicate  careful  tactful  respectful  intense  in a word  perfect   br    br    emma  is one of austen  s most delightful and funny novels  thanks to overall irony pervading situations and characters . the movie respected this subtle irony  not disregarding the comic element  miss bates above all  . what engaged me in the novel  and the movie renders it clearly  is the deep knowledge of human life shown by the english novelist  and the modern look with which women  men  and their relation are handled  and it is astounding if we think how a woman novelist of the   th century  who lived almost a secluded life  could grasp such depth and truth about life as she did that most and still fascinates me . we can feel this modernity throughout the movie just replace costumes  and use a more current language but the situations  the feelings  the ideas would be extremely modern . i think of the morbid interest in other people  s lives  or that insinuating envy which now as ever rule women  s relations  and still the difficulty in revealing  and giving expression to one  s feelings  especially love every situation gets a universal and out  of  time value .  br    br   the cast is really talented and offer very good and extremely brilliant performances a young gwyneth paltrow is particularly suitable for this role  nowadays she would be probably too mature for it   toni colette is simply great . and how i envied them for the wonderful dresses they could wear  and then  the breathtaking english countryside  where every situation gets such a magic and dream  like dimension . . . a really enjoyable and deserving movie .  
well  i guess i  m emotionally attached to this movie since it  s the first one i went to see more than   times in the cinema . . . helping me through my master  s thesis  or rather keeping me from working on it   br    br   but on watching it again several years  and many many movies  later  what a well  crafted little gem this is  i  ve never seen gwyneth paltrow in a more convincing performance  and jeremy northam is the perfect mr knightley  where does one meet such a man       sigh    sophie thompson  s turn as ms bates is virtuoso acting of the finest  oh  napkins  sorry   and the rest of the cast is no disappointment either  toni colette brings a lot of muriel to her harriet  and ewan mcgregor is convincingly charming  and alan cumming and juliet stevenson are the perfect  impossible  couple   br    br   of course the sets and costumes  and the beautiful soundtrack contribute a lot to the feelgood  almost hobbiton  like atmosphere of the movie  although as far as cinematography and art decoration go  it  s almost a case of visual overload . very very pretty  but a little more austerity might have conveyed a better sense of period . but the good thing is  the movie doesn  t take itself too seriously  and there is plenty of fun  and some pretty cool editing  that keep it from sinking into saccharine merry old england mode .  br    br   my particular favorite is the ball scene  some beautiful acting and directing here  and the concluding dance summarizes the relationship between emma and mr knightley just beautifully . pity that the final proposal scene goes on for just a little too long  cut two shots  i can think of exactly which ones   and it would have been much more in keeping with the rest of the movie .  br    br   gosh  i just realize  by reading the imdb listings  that i  ve seen jeremy northam in at least three movies without even being aware that it was him  seems he  s got a lot more going for him  as an actor  than just being a gentlemanlike english heartthrob  hmm  guess i need to pay my video store a visit . . .  br    br   lovely movie . my favorite jane austen adaptation so far  though perhaps ang lee  s sense and sensibility is  strictly speaking  the better movie  this one is closest to my heart  and i  ve certainly seen it many more times  watch it if you can  and don  t be too hard on its little imperfections .  br    br    
this is a good adaptation of austen  s novel . good  but not brilliant .  br    br   the cinematography is inventive  crossing at times the border to gimmickry  but it certainly avoids the trap of making this look like a boring tv soap in costumes  given that the entire story is dialogue  driven .  br    br   the acting is competent . ms paltrow is aloof  as her character requires  but the required distance from the other characters is accompanied by a much less appropriate detachment from her own actions . in other words  she does not seem to care enough of the results of her match  making endeavours . some of the supporting cast is guilty of over  acting  very much in the style that is appreciated on stage but out of place in motion pictures . personally  i had problems accepting alan cumming as mr elton  to no fault of his own  except for having left such an impression as a gay trolley  dolly in  the high life  that it is now difficult to accept him playing any serious part . acting honours go to toni collette who manages to radiate warmth  and jeremy northam who pitches his character at just the right level .  
emma is a true romance . if you love the soppy stuff  charged with wit and folly  you will love this movie  its true to the novel  which is very important  with a few twists added for pleasure . gwen is not one of my fave actreesess but she does justice to a role that required everything that she had to offer in spades . she shines in a role i think no other actress could have done proper justice to .  br    br   jeremy northam  as the hero . how shocked are you  i never looked upon him as overtly handsome but heck  what the right role can do for you  he looks so good as the sensible  regal mr . k  that i am literally looking at him in a new light . he makes and excellent romantic lead . the charm and character that he brings to his role is wonderful   br    br   ewan mcgregor  greta sacchi brings in the rest . a good cast . a good movie . if you are a fan of jane austen  see this movie  along with pride and prejudice  and most importantly  buy the books . it enhances the movie to heights that are extraordinary  
jane austen would definitely approve of this one   br    br   gwyneth paltrow does an awesome job capturing the attitude of emma . she is funny without being excessively silly  yet elegant . she puts on a very convincing british accent  not being british myself  maybe i  m not the best judge  but she fooled me . . . she was also excellent in  sliding doors  . . . i sometimes forget she  s american    .  br    br   also brilliant are jeremy northam and sophie thompson and phyllida law  emma thompson  s sister and mother  as the bates women . they nearly steal the show . . . and ms . law doesn  t even have any lines   br    br   highly recommended .  
i have no idea how a texan  the director  douglas mcgrath  and the american actress gwyneth paltrow ever pulled this off but seeing this again will remind you what all the fuss about ms . paltrow was in the first place  i had long since gone off the woman and still feel she is rather dull in her oscar  winning  shakespeare in love  performance but she gets all the beats right here   she is nigh on perfect as emma woodhouse . she may have won her oscar for shakespeare but she should be remembered for this .  br    br   of course  she  s surrounded by a great supporting cast including toni collette  greta scacchi  juliette stevenson et al . . . jeremy northam is very appealing as the love interest  even if the script wallows a bit in his declaration of love to paltrow  in the process  allowing all of the tension to drain out of their relationship   several years on  ewan  s hair is a little easier to take than it was in    and  personally  i find puckish alan cumming a grating presence in anything nowadays . but the standout is  without a doubt  sophie thompson  sister of emma thompson  daughter of phyllida law  as miss bates what this version needs is a scene where emma reconciles with miss bates  as she is the character to whose fate we are drawn . the film is worth watching  again even  for her performance alone .  br    br   all in all  this has aged wonderfully with charm to spare and more than enough subtlety to sort out the british class system . well worth a rental  because its unlikely that paltrow will ever be this good again   but we  ll always have emma  .  
romance is in the air and love is in bloom in victorian era england  in this light  hearted story set against a society in a time in which manners were still in vogue  the ladies were charming and elegant  and the gentlemen dashing . emma   based on the novel by jane austen and written for the screen and directed by douglas mcgrath  stars the lovely gwyneth paltrow in the title role . a self  appointed matchmaker  emma takes great delight in the romantic notion of playing cupid and attempting to pair up those she feels are suited to one another . coming off a successful matching that ended in marriage  she next sets her sights on finding a mate for her friend  harriet  toni collette   but the outcome of her initial attempt proves to be less than satisfying . meanwhile  her endeavors are tempered by by the handsome mr . knightley  jeremy northam   whose insights into matters of the heart often seem to be a bit more astute than emma  s  and lend some needed balance to the proceedings . and emma  so concerned with what is right for others  neglects the heart that is actually the most important of all her own . the world goes round and love abounds  but emma is about to miss the boat . luckily for her  however  the is someone just right for her waiting in the wings . now  if she can but stop long enough to realize it . but as everyone who has known true love knows  matters of the heart can go right or wrong in an instant  depending upon the slightest thing and while romance is at hand for emma  she must first recognize it  and seize the moment .  br    br   mcgrath has crafted and delivered a delightful  feel  good film that is like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world . there may be an air of frivolity about it  but in retrospect  this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing there is   in all honesty   to just about anyone love . and with mcgrath  s impeccable sense of pace and timing  it all plays out here in a way that is entirely entertaining and enjoyable . it  s a pleasant  affecting film  with a wonderful cast  that successfully transports the viewer to another time and another place . it  s light fare  but absorbing and the picturesque settings and proceedings offer a sense of well  being and calm that allows you to immerse yourself in it and simply go with the flow .  br    br   the winsome paltrow  who won the oscar for best actress for shakespeare in love  two years after making this one  seems comfortable and right at home in this genre . she personifies all things british  and does it with such naturalness and facility that it  s the kind of performance that is easily taken for granted or overlooked altogether . she  s simply so good at what she does and makes it look so easy . she has a charismatic screen presence and an endearing manner  very reminiscent of audrey hepburn . yet paltrow is unique . as an actor  she has a wide range and style and has demonstrated   with such films as hard eight   hush  and a perfect murder    that she can play just about any part effectively  and with that personal touch that makes any role she plays her own . but it  s with characters like emma that she really shines . she is so expressive and open  and her personality is so engaging  that she is someone to whom it is easy to relate and just a joy to watch  regardless of the part she is playing . and for emma  she is absolutely perfect .  br    br   jeremy northam also acquits himself extremely well in the role of knightley  and like paltrow  seems suited to the genre   in the right role  that is his performance in the more recent the golden bowl   in which he played an italian prince  was less than satisfying . here  however  he is perfect he is handsome  and carries himself in such a way that makes knightley believable and very real . like colin firth  s mr . darcy in the miniseries pride and prejudice   northam has created a memorable character with his own mr . knightley .  br    br   also excellent in supporting roles and worthy of mention are toni collette  as emma  s friend harriet smith and alan cumming  as the reverend elton . respectively  collette and cumming create characters who are very real people  and as such become a vital asset to the overall success of this film . and it demonstrates just how invaluable the supporting players are in the world of the cinema  and to films of any genre .  br    br   the supporting cast includes greta scacchi  mrs . weston   denys hawthorne  mr . woodhouse   sophie thompson  miss bates   kathleen byron  mrs . goddard   phyllida law  mrs . bates   polly walker  jane fairfax  and ewan mcgregor  frank churchill  . an uplifting  elegant film  emma  is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in a world too often beset with unpleasantness . and even if it  s only through the magic of the silver screen  it  s nice to be able to escape to such a world as this  if only for a couple of hours  as it fulfills the need for that renewal of faith in the human spirit . and that  s the magic of the movies . i rate this one     .  br    br    br    br    
this is one of the best films i have seen in years  i am not a gwyneth paltrow fan  but she is excellent as emma woodhouse . alan cumming is superb as reverand elton  and emma thompson  s sister  sophie  is hysterical as miss bates . and check out the gorgeous jeremy northam as mr . knightley what a gentleman  whoever said you need sex and violence in a movie to make it good has never seen emma . i think that is what separates it from so many others   it  s classy .  br    br   if you  re looking for a film that you can watch with the whole family  or looking for a romance for yourself  look no further . emma is that movie . with a beautiful setting  wonderful costumes  and an outstanding cast  have i mentioned the gorgeous jeremy northam    emma is a perfect ten   
i was so impressed with doug mcgrath  s film version of the jane austen novel  emma   and i loved the music score by rachel portman so much  that when i went to the video store one day and discovered the two had re  united for  nicholas nickleby  i immediately rented it without any other consideration .  br    br   i have read the book  and for those overly  critical fans of this jane austen adaptation  i don  t know what else mcgrath could have done to more perfectly capture the spirit and major plot elements of miss austen  s work  especially given the limitations of a two hour movie  which some have complained about being too long   . and as far as gwen paltrow  s accent is concerned  i must confess i wasn  t too familiar with her when i saw this at the theater initially  and i was absolutely convinced at the time that she was an english actress   br    br   i am taken aback by those who criticized the film for its lush scenery . that is one of the things i enjoy and look forward to seeing in period pieces set in the english countryside . the film  s beautiful backgrounds are a major contributor to its appeal and success . if your idea of escapist fare is something bleaker  then perhaps you should rent something like  death wish iii    br    br   the english country settings are as attractive and charming as the cast  and combine with the story and soundtrack for entertainment that makes you not tire of repeat viewings . mcgrath is a wonder at choreographing the interplay of subtle expressions that are so essential in conveying the complicated romantic intrigue that occurs in this story .  br    br   this refreshing movie could also be a clinic on how enjoyable a film can be minus sex  violence or even a villainous antagonist . the story is often amusing  endearing  and at times  quite touching .  br    br   i have seen many competent jane austen book adaptations but this is without question my favorite .  
by no means my favourite austen novel  and paltrow is by no means my favourite actress  but i found the film almost totally delightful . paltrow does a good job  and cummings  stevenson and the one who plays  miss bates  are all absolutely terrific . the period detail is not alienating the feel of the movie is just right  in fact . but the real  find  is jeremy northam as mr knightley . there could not be more perfect casting  imo . i hated mr k in the novel  but found him wonderfully human and humane in the film . northam  s good looks and smiling eyes are no hindrance to enjoyment  either  highly recommended . anar  
a remarkable documentary about the landmark achievements of the women lawyers association  wla  of kumba  in southwest cameroon  in legally safeguarding the rights of women and children from acts of domestic violence . in this muslim culture  where men have always been sovereign over women  according to sharia law  one can well imagine the difficulty of imposing secular legal rights for women and children . after   years of failed efforts  leaders of the wla began recently to score a few wins  and the purpose of this film is to share these victorious stories .  br    br   the leaders of this legal reform movement are vera ngassa  a state prosecutor  and beatrice ntuba  a senior judge  court president  . both play themselves in this film  which may contain footage shot spontaneously  though i imagine much of it  if not all  consists of subsequent recreations of real events for the camera . four cases are reviewed  and all of the plaintiffs also play themselves in the film .  br    br   two cases involve repeated wife beating  with forcible sex in one case another involves forced sex upon a   year old girl and yet another concerns the repeated beatings of a child  age   by an aunt . one of the beaten wives also is seeking a divorce . we follow the cases from the investigation of complaints to the outcomes of the trials . the outcomes in each case are favorable to the women and children . the perpetrators receive stiff prison terms and  or fines the divorce is granted .  br    br   the aggressive prosecution of the child beating aunt demonstrates that these female criminal justice officials are indeed gender  neutral when it comes to enforcing the law . also noteworthy is the respect with which all parties  including those found guilty  are treated . this is a highly important and well made film .  of interest is the fact that one of the directors  ms . longinotto  also co  directed the     film  divorce  iranian style  which dealt with related themes in tehran .   in broken english with english subtitles  . my grade b      
what a delightful film . . .  br    br   accompanied by oscar  winning composer rachel portman  s lush  emotional and dreamy music  this film remains a pure delight worthy of viewing more than once a year .  br    br   incredible casting . . .  br    br   gwyneth paltrow was perfect for the role of emma . toni collette was great as harriett smith .  br    br   the character who stole the film was miss bates    she was mesmerizing to watch  one finds oneself on the edge of ones  seat just hanging on her every word and laughing hysterically with her . one of the most endearing characters i have come across in ages . from one of the opening scenes when she is thanking mr . woodhouse for sending  that lovely quarter  hind of pork . . . pork  mother     she shouts into her daffy and clearly hearing impaired mother  mrs . bates  played by emma thompson  s mother  phyllida law  who looks forlorn and lost .  br    br   the comical ways that emma would avoid the grating miss bates builds itself up for one truly gut  wrenching scene at the picnic when emma insults miss bates who takes her cruel dig to her heart . we then see poor miss bates stammering and on the verge of tears and just so crushed one can not help but feel one  s heart ripped out to her on her behalf . it is a classic scene  one to be rewound and played over  over . . .  br    br   the ending is right up there with  sense  sensibility  and provides one of life  s greatest lessons about how one should marry one  s best friend . . .  br    br   i hope that this film delights you all as much as it has myself .  br    br   i adored it   
i love this movie . my friend marcus and i were browsing the local hastings because we had an urge to rent something we had never seen before and stumbled across this fine film . we had no idea what it was going to be about  but it turned out spectacular .  thumbs up . i liked how the film was shot  and the actors were very funny . if you are are looking for a funny movie that also makes you think i highly suggest you quickly run to your local video store and find this movie . i would tell you some of my favorite parts but that might ruin the film for you so i won  t . this movie is definitely on my top   list of good movies . do you really think nothing is bouncy   
make the world go away . get it off my shoulder . say the things you used to say  and make the world go away .  br    br   well  dave  david hewlett  and andrew  andrew miller  were in a pickle  one for embezzlement  and the other for kissing a child . neither was guilty  but faced with charges and their house about to be torn down  they ended up in  well  nothing . the whole world  except for their house went away .  br    br   it is kind of weird  but funny  too . just what would you do if you were all alone in the world  the two friends just enjoy each other  s company  and do what they want . but  that gets old fast  it seems .  br    br   then they start to improve their live by hating away memories . the sound effects during this were great .  br    br   things really got weird at the end . this film was the product of a great imagination  and written and directed by vincenzo natali  with help from the two stars . it just has to be seen .  
i totally agree that  nothing  is a fantastic film  i  ve not laughed so much when watching a film for ages  and david hewlett and andrew miller are fantastic in this  they really work well together  this film may not appeal to some people  i can  t really say why without spoiling it   but each to their own  i loved it and highly recommend it   br    br   the directing is great and some of the shots are very clever . it looks as though they may have had a lot of fun when filming it   br    br   although there are really only main  characters in the film and not an awful lot of props the actors manage to pull it off and make the film enjoyable to watch .  
whether it  s a good movie or not  films of this kind has to be made  i think . it remembers me of  i love huckabees   a overwhelmingly puzzling movie with isabelle huppert being sodomized by a young american in a mud pond  in a merry sadistic  masochist way         . i hope the director will go on stepping across the border  as though i felt the choices vincenzo natali made  were not always subtle  some of the scenes were unhappily kind of  tarte    la  crme   like a childish slapstick   speaking about script and cinematography the color of  cube  was black   nothing  is white  more cheerful  surprisingly  than the former films of natali .  
the only word that sums up this movie is quirky . it  s a light  hearted romp through an existential concept . bouncy  in more way than one  and a bit nutty . i wouldn  t exactly call it grand and unforgettable cinema and it doesn  t seem quite as memorable as the director  s first movie  cube  but it  s a good pit of fluff to watch on a sunday morning . the acting veers from respectable to annoying at times but i believe that  s how it was to be written . done as a serious movie it could perhaps have been great or may very well have stepped into a state of pretension . a little like  the matrix  meets  head  meets  human nature  .  br    br    .  out of ten  
yes . . . i  m going with the    on this and here  s why . in the last few years  i have watched quite a few comedies and only left with a few mild laughs and a couple video rental late fees because the movies were that easy to forget . then i stumble upon  nothing  . looked interesting  wasn  t expecting much though . i was wrong . this was probably one of the funniest movies i have ever had the chance to watch . dave and andrew make a great comedic pair and the humor was catchy enough to remember  but not over complex to the point of missing the joke . i don  t want to remark on any of the actual scenes  because i do feel this is a movie worth seeing for once . with more and more pointless concepts coming into movies  you know  like killer military jets and  fresh  remakes that are ruining old classics   this movie will make you happy to say it  s ok to laugh at  nothing  .  
this movie was very funny  i couldn  t stop smiling when watching this and have already watched it twice in a period of  days  the movie is distinctively unique in it  s humor and visuals  both are terrific and on par with natali  s other  more serious  movie gems cube and cypher . i have become a huge vincenzo natali fan ever since watching cypher and everything he  s made is very interesting .  br    br   very likable about this movie are the music and  loser  characters dave and andrew  portrayed by david hewlett and andrew miller  co  writer of the story   actors i both like very much . also cool are the x  box dead or alive fights  you even see dave playing halo at a point  and andrew  s amazing guitar solo  among many other things .  br    br   all in all a great feel  good film about friendship . you have to see this   
i work at a movie store  and as such  i am always on the look  out for an excellent movie . i decided to check out nothing as it sat in our canadian section  and i  ve been trying to support my country  s movie industry . i was in for a surprise . the film features david hewlett and andrew miller in a highly entertaining story that seems to delve into so much of our minds and relationships . . . without working that hard . it is consistently comedic through the interaction of the two characters  as well as some funny exchanges   we can  t be dead  we have cable    . what more can i say without noting that it is worth a shot  even if you abandon it within the first half an hour .  
this is a good movie  but it is not recommended if you don  t like intelligent movies . it  s about two guys that wish that the world would go away  and that  s exactly what they get . the acting is great  the ending was not predictable  and it actually had a good story unlike most movies these days . people complain about the movie being too simple or too boring . i think they should just stick to movies like the toxic avenger  i actually like b movies  or the grim adventures of billy and mandy . one note if you notice this  this has exactly the same actors from cube except four actors . make it two notes wait after the credits  trust me on this one  . enjoy the movie .  
sisters in law is made by the same directors of the rather curiously fascinating  divorce  iranian style  which was as exactly as it stated  as we got a glimpse of divorce court in iran . now they  ve turned their attention to the court system in cameroon  africa . what  s great about this court is that  of the magistrates are women  which is unusual for such a country like this . anyways  they deal with plenty of men used to getting their way around the women  but this film is remarkable in the fact that it appears that women has made great strides in society  with divorce legal and women  s rights being recognized . so the judges often chastise the men for behaving in a primitive way in these times . not to say that the women who appear at the court get the softer treatment . one of the prime focuses of the film is a case of child abuse done by an aunt . the judges waste no time in lashing out at the woman with fury . and who said that justice isn  t served anymore  with these  behind the bench . they often carry out maximum penalties  ya  you go girl   
i can only agree with taximeter that this is a fantastic film and should be seen by a wide audience . the imagination on display  the visual interpretation of the script  the humor is constantly surprising . the two leads are great and really carry the film . my advice would be to not even watch a trailer  just rent the film and watch without expectations . i rented from blockbuster  so it is readily available in brisbane  not everyone will enjoy it but i think most people will have an opinion and that  s always good  unless it  s just  that was stupid  . i loved this film  you just don  t get to see gem  s like this every day . this should become a cult favorite . give it a try  you may just feel the same way about it as i do .  
i thought this was an awesome movie . the theme song is sweet    anyway  the only thing that somewhat bothered me was in the beginning  when everything should have been normal . it was very weird and unrealistic . the big cable company is mainly what i  m talking about . apart from that  the movie was very creative . i think that all the acting was well done  the actors acted out their characters  personalities perfectly . everything fit together well . it really is a shame that their isn  t a soundtrack . that would have been great  because this is a canadian film  and because it is one of my favorites  i give this movie a   out of     
tweaked a little bit   nothing  could be a children  s film . it  s a very clever concept  touches upon some interesting metaphysical themes  and goes against pretty much every hollywood convention you can think of . . . what goes against everything more than  literally   nothing   nothing is the story of two friends who wish the world away when everything goes wrong with their lives . all that  s left is what they don  t hate  and a big empty white space . it  s hard to focus a story on just two actors for the majority of your film  especially without any cuts to anything going on outside the plot . it focuses on pretty much one subject  but that  s prime vincenzo natali territory . if you  ve seen  cube   you know already that he tends to like that type of situation . the  nothing  in this movie is apparently infinite space  but natali somehow manages to make it somewhat claustrophobic  if only because there  s literally nothing else  and nowhere else to go . the actors sell it  although you can tell these guys are friends anyway . two actors from  cube  return here  worth and kazan   but are entirely different characters . they change throughout the story  and while they  re not the strongest actors in the world  they  re at least believable .  br    br   the reason i say this could be a children  s film under the right tweaks  is because aside from a few f  bombs and a somewhat unnecessary bloody dream sequence  the whimsical and often silly feel of this movie could very much be digested easily by kids . so i find it an odd choice that the writers decided to add some crass language and a small amount of gore  especially considering there isn  t very much of it . this could  ve gotten a pg rating easily had they simply cut a few things out and changed a little dialogue . there is very little objectionable about this film  but just enough to keep parents from wanting their kids to see it . i only say that  s a shame because not because i support censorship  but because that may have been the only thing preventing this movie from having wider exposure .  br    br   at any rate  this is a reasonably entertaining film  albeit with a few dragged  out scenes . but for literally being about nothing  and focused entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing  they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film .  
a light  hearted comedy  nothing shows us a world that we sometimes wish to escape to a world of nothing . anything you don  t like  be it a stack of bills  a bad memory  or even hunger can disappear at your wish . they approached this movie very well  and with an enjoyable starring duo  there were only a few things i didn  t like about nothing  and they weren  t even part of the main movie .  br    br   first  the post  credits scene  and yes  there is one   good for a chuckle  but what were they trying to accomplish with that  i was confused and eager to see a return to something after a whole movie of nothing . instead  we just hear a random assortment of noises and they scream . it tries to set up a sequel in my opinion  and wasn  t really necessary  nor was it funny after the turtle crawled out of frame .  br    br   second  the trailer i saw the trailer on the dvd  and like others have already said this  it promotes a horror movie that never came . oh well  poor marketing i guess .  br    br   if you see this at your movie rental store  take a look  because nothing is a great movie to watch . if you have a big screen though  you might want to wear shades .  
well   cube         vincenzo  s first movie  was one of the most interesting and tricky ideas that i  ve ever seen when talking about movies . they had just one scenery  a bunch of actors and a plot . so  what made it so special were all the effective direction  great dialogs and a bizarre condition that characters had to deal like rats in a labyrinth . his second movie   cypher         was all about its story  but it wasn  t so good as  cube  but here are the characters being tested like rats again .  br    br    nothing  is something very interesting and gets vincenzo coming back to his  cube days   locking the characters once again in a very different space with no time once more playing with the characters like playing with rats in an experience room . but instead of a thriller sci  fi  even some of the promotional teasers and trailers erroneous seemed like that    nothing  is a loose and light comedy that for sure can be called a modern satire about our society and also about the intolerant world we  re living . once again vicenzo amaze us with a great idea into a so small kind of thing .  actors and a blinding white scenario  that  s all you got most part of time and you don  t need more than that . while  cube  is a claustrophobic experience and  cypher  confusing   nothing  is completely the opposite but at the same time also desperate .  br    br   this movie proves once again that a smart idea means much more than just a millionaire budget . of course that the movie fails sometimes  but its prime idea means a lot and offsets any flaws . there  s nothing more to be said about this movie because everything is a brilliant surprise and a totally different experience that i had in movies since  cube  .  
having seen cube  i  ve been a fan of vincenzo natali  s work . natali seems to have this inept ability to take a storyline  and hardly wring it our like a wet towel for all the storyline he can muster . instead  he lets the stories themselves unfold in natural ways  so much in fact  that you may in fact believe there is this cube were people try to escape  or in the case of nothing  a large empty expanse where there is . . . nothing  the advert had me hooked instantly . it seemed so simple  take two characters who no one likes  and send them to a world where there is nothing . natali does this so simply that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing cannot exist . in fact  the world of nothing becomes something of an irony within the film . there  s nothing there  but also  something  there .  br    br   it might be a good time to point out that the trailer is highly misleading . i was fortunate enough to actually understand that the film leaned to a more comedic side than the trailer otherwise told so . therefore upon watching the film  i laughed every now and again  whereas someone who the advert mislead may find themselves utterly confused .  br    br   if i may take a minute to give the film some praise  where the film excels on is the concept . it is a genius concept to have a world of nothing  and to put two characters there  not two brilliant minded characters  who will philosophise and work out their surroundings  but two idiots who have absolutely no clue as to where the hell they are  another strong point is the film  s cinematography  though at first this may not seem it  where each wall  north  earth  south  west  up and down is just a white plane  a perception of depth becomes faulty . it is hard to determine where things are placed in the mis  en  scene . the cinematography has many moments where this actually happens  but for the most part  the camera is placed so that two characters  or an object and a character are placed in the foreground and background  allowing a sense of depth to be realised .  br    br   however  this film does lack in certain areas . the film is relatively short  but even so  after a while the novelty of this world of nothing becomes rather dull  and you wish to find some form of resolution within the plot . we can also argue that the acting is once again  questionable . these two characters are in a sense  unlikeable  therefore we feel no sympathy at any point for these characters . however  on a flip side of that  the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems real enough  but there is something lacking .  br    br   even so  i do rank this as a thoroughly enjoyable film  do not let the trailer fool you into thinking this is another science  fiction horror film . it is much more of a comedy than that  it is indeed worth watching though  purely for the concept itself   
i chanced upon this movie because i had a free non  new release from blockbuster and needed to grab something quickly  as the store was getting ready to close for the evening . the plain white cover and title intrigued me . i  m a  relatively speaking   old  lady and my son is a young man of   . i adore movies that are sheer entertainment  such as the sixth sense  interview with a vampire  harry potter and beetlejuice . my son  on the other hand  is a film graduate and enjoys very specialized foreign films  such as those directed by bergman or hertzog . we generally hate each other  s movie choices  however  we both watched and loved the movie nothing  it was unlike any movie we  d ever seen before . we  re both cynical  critical personality types and we usually crack on movies while we watch them   but in this case we just laughed and enjoyed the film from start to finish . it is our opinion that if this movie had been promoted and shown in the main stream theaters in the u . s . it would have done very well indeed .  
i watched the trailer on the dvd after seeing the film  and i think anyone who saw it before watching the film would be very surprised and possibly disappointed . it made much of the fact that the film was  by the director of cube  and made it look like a horror film  when in fact it is an absurdist comedy  imdb  s spell checker doesn  t seem to think that absurdist is a word  but it is   reminiscent of rosencrantz and guildernstern are dead .  br    br   i love the way the story builds up slowly at first  then gradually escalates . i also enjoy the fact that no explanation is given for what happens in the film . that and the fact that the story plays out mainly in just the one set are the only respects in which this film is similar to cube . i recommend it .  
director vincenzo natali first showed his penchant for character  based sci  fi flicks with his     short film  elevated   wherein  people remain trapped in an elevator while unseen monsters roam the building . his follow  up feature project  cube   released later that year  had a very similar premise  this time with  people and instead of an elevator it was a vast expansion of interlocking cubic deathtraps . both were admirable attempts to take the sci  fi genre a step further  by deliberately declining to show almost any visual stimulation  choosing instead to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human element  how the characters act  react and interact under incomprehensible and dangerous conditions . after his exploration into the mainstream with      s  cypher   natali has come back to his bizarre character  film trend to bring us  nothing   his latest  and by far most optimistic and comedic take on the wide cinematic world of  what if    br    br   dave  david hewlett  and andrew  andrew miller  are life  long friends  brought together by a mutual detachment from society and a lack of any one else to be with . dave  who has always been hindered by a selfish and somewhat dimwitted nature  lives rent  free with andrew at his ill  located and ill  constructed house  where he often takes advantage of andrew  s neurotic and antisocial mentality . despite all this  the two misfits are happy together  until one day their deep character flaws  coupled with some astronomically bad luck  land them in the middle of some pretty serious  jail  sentence  worthy trouble . on top of this  they discover that their house has been deemed unfit for existence and is scheduled to be demolished before sunset  so in the hazy  nightmarish panic of everything going wrong for them  they wish that the whole world would just disappear . and it does .  br    br   going any further with the synopsis would compromise a lot of the film  s slow  occasionally too slow  reveal about what  s happened to dave and andrew  and how they deal with their new reality . natali  s fascination with studying human behavior under duress  ala the birds  is here in spades  but simply by making the main characters friends rather than strangers  he  s able to break away from the thriller  horror element of this premise to open it up to a more comfortable and optimistic level . it  s almost as if he  s made the aphoristic opposite of  cube  .  br    br   of course  the film is not   minutes of laughter and sunshine . in keeping with fundamental realism  our two anti  heroes  dynamic often becomes antagonistic  sometimes with rather nasty results . like the  desert island  game  the film looks at how even best friends  when left alone together  can fall apart  but at the same time it shows that friends are vital to the quality of existence . in a very twisted  sci  fi way  this is a feel  good flick  with good heart and good intentions .  br    br   however  there are a few qualms to be had with  nothing  . while the two lead actors  hewlett and miller  do well with their parts  their characters are not nearly as interesting as they should have been  considering it is completely up to them to entertain us for the better part of an hour . there is some development in the relationship and personalities of dave and andrew  some background is given  but ultimately not enough . a generous viewer will sit through the less  engaging portions of the film to see it through to the end  but cynics will probably give up pretty fast .  br    br   acting  as mentioned  is adequate  and considering the amount of  green  screen  work that would  ve been needed  reasonably convincing . david hewlett and andrew miller  who both wrote co  wrote the screenplay  have been long  time friends of vincenzo natali hewlett has in fact featured in every film natali has made . perhaps it was their creative input that steered this film in a more positive direction . nonetheless  the story could have been a lot more involving . granted  it is relatively entertaining considering that  no pun intended  nothing really happens  but you get the impression that  in more experienced hands  a lot more could  ve been done with this premise .  br    br   in all fairness   nothing  is an impressive piece of work in many ways . the concept is interesting  the direction is inventive  the script works on a human level and  most of all  it shows a progression in natali  s creative mentality . for fans of his work  this will be a delight  and for others it will be a nice way to pass a little unwanted time . it  s just a shame that the director  s fixation on human drama prevented it from being the great  fun film it could have been .  
i just saw this at the toronto film festival  and i hope it gets wide release because i want to see it again  it is a character  driven film  and andrew and david are more than up to the task . any discussion of the plot might be  br    br   considered spoilers  so i  ll just say that the storyline is clever  the acting is superb  and the effects are amazing . well  filmed and well  paced too . one of the best films i have seen in ages  and very refreshing in this summer of dreary  br    br   movies . it had the audience laughing the whole time . see it if you can .  i particularly liked the  candy bar  candy bar   scene .   
if you want mindless action  hot chicks and a post  apocalyptic view of seattle  then this is the show for you   br    br   the concept of dark angel isn  t anything new  in fact  there  s controversy over whether james cameron stole the idea from a book   but i spend the entire hour watching it every tuesday from start to finish .  br    br   jessica alba is smoking and max  friends  original cindy  kendra  are just as hot .  br    br   the fight scenes are getting better  but the dialogues between original cindy and max need to be a little bit better  the slang sounds forced and it sounds like someone living in the suburbs wrote it  .  br    br   in my opinion  dark angel is a great guilty pleasure filled with everything an action fan could ask for  but if you  re looking for hard hitting  award  winning drama  go watch  the west wing  or something .  
i watched this as part of my course at aberystwyth university and it baffles me how this does not have a distributor in the uk . well actually  it doesn  t  because this film is everything a hollywood film isn  t  original  creative  quirky and humorous . it seems that today no  one really wants to see this type of movie as  in the simplest terms  it doesn  t conform to the generic conventions most young viewers look for in a film .  br    br   i haven  t written a review for the imdb for ages but felt inclined to give this film a special mention  even if it is during my   minute break between classes  essentially  it is about nothing  as the two main characters are plunged into their own world of nothingness through a hate of the world . the brilliance here is how the director sustains interest through the majority of the run time with only two characters and when the only mise  en  scene consists of half a house and a vast white  empty space . this is due in large part to the stellar performances of the actors  both of whom offer some great laughs while at the same time being able to add significant emotional depth to their roles .  br    br   i  d love to write some more but am on quite a time limit . however i encourage anyone and everyone to give this film a try . a very unique concept is brought to the screen in a coherent and well  executed fashion  with the combination of good performances  a strong script  nice sound design and  fairly  impressive visuals creating a very entertaining movie .  br    br   it  s just a shame so few people know about nothing . . . .  
sitting  typing nothing is the latest  what if   fest offered by vincenzio natali  and starring david hewlitt and andrew miller as two losers . one is having relationship problems  got canned from his job  because of relationship problems  and the police are out to get him  because of his job and his relationship problems  . the other guy is a agoraphobic who refuses to go outside his home  is met by a bothersome girl guide who calls on her mom to claim she was molested when he doesn  t buy cookies from him . oh yeah  the police are after him too  after the mom of the girl scout call them in to arrest him .  br    br   man  what a day .  br    br   what if you could make all of this disappear  that is the whole premise behind  nothing  . the two fools realize  the cops  the girl scout  the cars  the lawn  the road  everything disappear . there  s nothing but white space  this is an interesting concept i thought . i also looked at the time of this    minutes had gone in the movie  and i still had an hour left in the movie . could the  actors make this work and keep us entertained for   minutes  although the actors try    minutes is a long time and there is clearly dead air in places of this movie . but the two actors  whom are life  long friends with each other and the director  have such great repertoire with each other  that it was fun to watch for the dialogue and improve goofing around the two do . there are lots of supernatural elements  but it  s more of their response to these elements that ultimately make this film worth seeing .  
nothing is fantastic  simple as that  it  s a film that shouldn  t work  yet does . natali stays in the realm of sci  fi  however this film is also a comedy . cypher it seemed was a big budget draining affair for natali  at   .  million  woo  hoo pa   so with nothing he scales down again . this is low budget  independent film  making at it  s best . simple  good old fashioned storytelling and an attempt at making a film for artistic merit as apposed to hollywood  s usual reasons for mostly financial gain . nothing is a film about nothing and before you ask  no it is not anything like seinfeld  basically andrew and dave are a couple of losers . they live in a strange looking house beneath two freeways . andrew is a telesales travel agent who is agoraphobic while dave is andrews best mate who stays with him rent free to help him out . dave is tired of it however and has a gorgeous girlfriend who he wants to move in with . by bizarre mis  fortunes however  dave finds out his girlfriend embezzled a huge amount of money from daves work  place incriminating dave  and andrew is wrongly accused of sexually assaulting a girl scout  canadian humour people   . as it turns out andrew  s house is to be demolished as well and he can  t stop it happening as the house was built on land it should not have been built on . both andrew and dave are inside the house when the police and the demolition team come calling . they are desperate and can  t escape  and in the panic and confusion just as the police burst in everything fades to white . what has happened  have dave and andrew died  they wake to find themselves still in the house only it is quiet . no police  no demolition team  no angry girl scout mother  what happens is dave and andy discover they have the ability to  wish or hate away .  as it turns out they have hated away the entire outside world . they are left alone . the house is surrounded by nothing  which is portrayed as pure white . so what this means is that the films setting is a house set and then just white . the film is an interesting view on human isolation and the psyche and of course as they spend more time alone together with no food and no water  they begin to tire of each other . they discover they can hate away hunger  which is useful but obviously things get out of hand shall we say . i can  t reveal much but i must say bouncing heads are quite a sight to behold .  br    br   this film is quirky  funny  interesting . the effects are simple yet effective and natali brings together two buddies from cube  david hewlett  and andrew millar to lead the film . they have chemistry and also work very well . they have to hold    of the movie by themselves and much of it in a pure white background  yet it works . certainly i expect this to get the same diabolical treatment as cypher did and it should appear on dvd in a year or two in the states . nothing is a top quality and unique film and although not as good as cube or cypher it once again proves natali as one of the best up and comers .  br    br   natali is someone who has really interested me in his three features so far and i cannot wait for his next feature . i prey to god he doesn  t do the proposed necropolis  written and directed by add sufferer  the ever crap paul anderson . vincenzo old buddy if paul comes round to your pad  run    run like the wind   i hope and prey this guy doesn  t take to hollywood like alex proyas did  with the enjoyable yet pussy  footed  sugar coated  helium light i robot   . keep your eyes peeled for this guy .   
 . . . than this    what would happen if terry gilliam and douglas adams would have worked together on one movie  this movie starts with a touch of brazil . . . when  at a certain point  the story moves straight into the twilight zone . . . bringing up nothing new  but just nothing . . . and nothing is great fun  when dave and andrew starts to explore their new environment the movie gets really enjoyable . . . bouncing heads  well . . . yes     br    br   anyway . . . this movie was  imho  the biggest surprise at this year  s fantasyfilmfest . . .  br    br   just like in cube and cypher natali gave this one a minimalistic  weird but very special design  which makes it hard to locate the place of the story or its time . . . timeless somehow . . .  
nothing    outta  stars  another weird premise from the director of the movie  cube  . this time around there are two main characters who find themselves and their home transported to a mysterious white void . there is literally nothing outside of their small two  story house . intriguing to be sure  but i thought the comedic tone established for this movie from the get  go was extremely ill  conceived . there needs to be some humour  certainly . . . and i have no problem with the humour that was eventually derived from the plight of our two heroes  their final  showdown  was definitely a hoot  . . . but i really think the movie would have been a lot better off if it had stayed more rooted in reality in the beginning . after watching the movie i watched the  making of  feature on the dvd and a short trailer at the end is almost totally devoid of the  sillier  comedic aspects . . . making it look like a completely different  and slightly better  movie . the last half hour of the movie is where things really start to come together . . . similar in a way to the recent movie  primer .  the actors are fine when they are not overdoing the comedy shtick . they are really quite believable in their more  normal  moments . i was probably ready to write this movie off as a failed experiment at the midway point . . . but it won me over by the end .  and keep watching past the credits for the final scene . . . just don  t ask me to explain it .   
the premise of this movie has been tickling my imagination for quite some time now . we  ve all heard or read about it in some kind of con  text . what would you do if you were all alone in the world  what would you do if the entire world suddenly disappeared in front of your eyes  in fact  the last part is actually what happens to dave and andrew  two room  mates living in a run  down house in the middle of a freeway system . andrew is a nervous wreck to say the least and dave is considered being one of the biggest losers of society . that alone is the main reason to why these two guys get so well along  because they simply only have each other to turn to when comforting is needed . just until . . .  br    br   straight from the beginning of the film lots and lots of problems happen to them . both of them get involved with crime  andrew suffers from paranoia and simply doesn  t dare going out of the house . dave is unsuccessful at his job and his colleagues don  t treat him very well and with the respect he deserves . the amount of problems they face keeps increasing until that one day where they may have to face the inevitable and deal with it . this is just too much for them and they wish that everything would just go away . . . and of course that is exactly what happens .  br    br   the rest of the story places dave and andrew in this world of nothingness . at first they are surprised and have problems understanding and dealing with the features of this crazy environment  but later on they find out that they can do just about everything they want because it seems as if they are the only ones still left .  br    br   nothing features an incredibly small cast  in fact  besides the first couple of shots from the film  we only see dave  david hewlett  and andrew  andrew miller  in the entire film . it is clear that in order to pull this off  the cast has to be more than up for the task  because in a world where nothing exists there is nothing that can distract the viewer in any way . vincenzo has decided to use a reasonable amount of close  up head shots to make it more interesting and it actually works quite well . director of photography  derek rogers  also has a nice way of teasing the audience by withholding visual information  especially at times where a character sees something and reacts to it  but we don  t see it right away .  br    br   obviously  this can  t be an event driven film and it  s not . much of the action happens outside their house when they move around in the void . and that  s where some of the most hilarious scenes take place  especially in the case of when andrew discovers a candy bar .  br    br   now  one could be thinking  how does nothing look like   well  it looks like nothing indeed . the entire world of nothing is white . . . white no matter in what direction you look . this is the weakness of this film . . . after an hour or less it  s getting extremely boring to look at and there has to be events to make sure it  s more interesting to look at . thank god  there are some . for example at times when the two lads  due to the properties of nothing  are able to jump really high as if nothing is made out of . . . tofu  as andrew claims  . it  s fun to see how they are instantly able to use nothing to become gods of their own little society .  br    br   one of the best parts of the film is the set . . . production designer jasna stefanovic has done a beautiful job in this film  the house in which these two guys live is so unnaturally fun to look at  still it seems right for these two to be living in a place like this . all in all  the production design is with no doubt one of the most powerful aspects of this film at it really makes the film worth watching . . .  br    br   however  the very best part of the film is the acting . both david hewlett and andrew miller really look like the professional actors they both are . the camera is on them for every second of the film and as previously said  there are just about no props in the film  they are really on a bare stage . with plenty of character development and some decent one  liners  clever dialogue  at times hilariously stupid   it all works to that end  and this really moves the movie away from the low  budget area to well  crafted handwork .  br    br   let  s talk a little about the visual effects  because they are definitely worth mentioning . nothing features digital visual effects and prosthetics that equals any modern horror film . there  s a rather horrifying dream sequence in the film  and although the drews have milked that scene completely it  s still fun to watch . one of the best visual effects in the film is at the end where andrew and dave suddenly discover their powers in this environment  they have the abilities to wish everything away  so what if they can do it the other way around and make things appear   br    br    nothing  is a bright and well  lit movie  it really helps promoting the idea of them probably being dead  this is in fact one of their theories   but  nothing  is a comedy and it slowly destroys its own theory . we don  t know where they are or what has happened to them . we don  t know if they will ever get out  because the movie ends before we see anything like that . the ending  by the way  is not as good as it could  ve been . it  s rather easy to predict what is going to happen  still the writers have thought up a few incidents that help make it a little more interesting and in the end  it  s a reasonably satisfactory one .  br    br   take  hollow man    kill bill    cube    epoch  and lots of other films and you have  nothing  . it really is an amalgam of different styles  still there is no other film  at least that i know of  nothing is really like . for the people remembering the original cube production commentary on its dvd may remember that vincenzo natali talked about how he came up with the story of cube . he talks about him and andr bijelic having been room  mates at a time and they both were in this extremely dull room with no hope of getting out   nothing  could very well be the screened version of the origin of the cube story  and to that end  it  s almost like one of the cube prequels .  br    br   what can i say  i enjoyed  nothing   it is a great movie and the different parts of the movie are extremely well  made with tons of intelligent ideas  still i feel the movie is missing something and i have problems finding out precisely what it is . . . maybe if we have a  nothing   i can answer that question .  nothing  is a great film  but not as good as i expected it to be .  br    br   final rating  .      
i wasn  t sure what to expect but am i glad i went to see this . a smart  slightly twisted comedy that makes you think . i wasn  t quite sure how a director can create  nothing   but leave it to mr . natali and the brilliant individuals at c . o . r . e . to create another low budget set that looks real  as real as nothing can be  . well worth your time and money  if you have the opportunity to see this  please go . you  ll be glad you did .  
just saw this at the     vancouver international film festival and it was funny as hell and a bit surreal . takes place in toronto  where these two losers live in this run  down house in the middle of a freeway system . david hewlett  pin  cube  cypher  and andrew miller  cube  are just great as the two losers who wish the world would just go away . the acting  dialogue and writing are very good  and the whole film looks great for such a low  budget flick . director  writer vincenzo natali was in attendance at this screening  and he seemed so intelligent and down  to  earth . this guy is so inventive with these great stories that work so well within small budgets  it puts big budget hollywood crap to shame   
  br    br   charlie kauffman has made weird metaphysical angst popular  but this canadian gem makes it hilarious .  br    br   like most weird films the less said about plot the better but let  s set the scene  two friends anthony and dave have been together since childhood  they can  t cope with the world and eventually this means they no longer have to . but that is where even more problems begin .  br    br   i loved this film  it made me smile long after the final credits and that is a rare experience with so many mass produced pieces of  nothing  out there .  br    br   don  t miss this .  br    br    
i haven  t written a review on imdb for the longest time  however  i felt myself compelled to write this  when looking up this movie i found one particular review which urged people not to see this film . do not pay any attention to this ignorant person  nothing is a fantastic film  full of laughs and above all . . . imagination  aren  t you sick and tired of being force fed the same old cycle of bubble  gum trash movies  sometimes a film like nothing comes along and gives you something you have never seen before . i don  t even care if you dislike  even hate  the movie  but no one has a right to discredit the film . imdb has a monumental impact on reputations and no negative review should discredit the film like that . just say you hate it and why you hate it . . . but don  t try to tell people that they shouldn  t watch it . we have minds of our own and will make up our own minds thank you .  br    br   if my judgment is any good  i  d say that more people will enjoy this movie as opposed to those who hate it .  br    br   treat your mind to a bit of eye  candy  see nothing   
all i have to say is if you don  t like it then there is something wrong with you . plus jessica is just all kinds of hot      the only reason you may not like it is because it is set in the future where seattle has gone to hell . that and you my not like it cause the future they show could very well happen .  
jimmy cagney races by your eyes constantly in this story of a stage  producer who is vigorously struggling against the upcoming  talking  movies .  br    br   this story of love  deceit  women and dancing is presented in such a manner that as a viewer you are never treated to a dull moment . the direction of the mass scenes in the rehearsal rooms was enormously well done . the story never really got lost in this frantic pace .  br    br   some parts of the material presented here have become a little dated but that doesn  t matter because when you look at this in a     time  frame it is fabulous to watch this next to a lot of the other drags of movies that were released during that time .  br    br   jimmy cagney is a sight for sore eyes in this film  never loosing his composure as the ever  working producer of previews made for the movie theaters as intros . in this way he tries to save his ass from going out of business  he was a broadway producer before he started this . joan blondell is fabulous as the neglected love  interest  nan  she gives such a spirited performance that is so unusual for movies of that time  so cool to watch a woman who is portrayed as a strong woman for a change .  br    br   the only problem i had with the film were the enormous productions at the end . these were magnificent in itself  beautifully choreographed and wonderfully produced  but they just didn  t seem to fit in the story . the only link they have to the main story is that cagney had to put on  previews in  days to get a contract and that  s what he did . i had a hard time believing that this was what the girls had been rehearsing during the entire movie and that these sets could fit in a movie theater . in this way the  sitting on a backyard fence  was much more appropriate to the story .  br    br   the productions at the end seemed to drag this frantically paced story to a halt and that was not a good thing . i was tired after seeing the first musical sequence and then i realized there were another two coming up . these sequences got a lot a chuckles from the audience as well .  br    br   all in all a great film with a sour ending .  br    br        
     footlight parade        released           viewed       .  br    br   the ice cream cone is invented in new york .  br    br   kevin after a long and busy break  we hit another busby berkeley musical from warner bros . this time it  s the ultra  fast paced footlight parade  starring james cagney as juggernaut stage producer chester kent . i am     certain that cagney was channeling berkeley with his performance of the irrepressible kent  who has to come up with new ideas for performances every minute . joan blondell is also excellent as the acid  tongued secretary  turned  love interest . the ruby keeler  dick powell subplot is not as major this time but no less enjoyable . one thing that baffled me was berkeley  s performances themselves  which seemed far too extravagant and complex to be performed on any stage  let alone a stage that would be showing a film afterwards . obviously busby doesn  t let a little thing like story impede him from putting together the most over  the  top musical numbers he can possibly conjure . i liked nearly all of this movie until the end  with the shamelessly offensive number  shanghai lil   which  as one can guess  is about as stomach  turning as racially distasteful performances come .  br    br   doug six movies in three months . got to be a new record . anywaythis completes warner bros .  musical trilogy of      preceded by    nd street  and  gold diggers of     .  i would definitely recommend watching all three in a row . i wonder if james cagney was channeling busby berkeley while he was playing chester kent in this movie  or if that the role as written was inspired by busby . i hope it was it seems to make sense that berkeley is the kind of guy who would see elaborate dances in everyday occurrences the way chester does . the funny thing about cagney was that he didn  t really look like a leading man in the traditional sense . he was      square  headed  and talked with an odd new york accent . but the guy was quite versatile  going from the venomous gangsters that made him so famous to the fast  talking producer  types we see here . and he could dance . basically he was a leading man in the body of a character actor . the rest of the cast has some familiar faces joan blondell returns and just about steals the show as cagney  s loyal and lusting secretary dick powell and ruby keeler play the cute couple  but seem to get less screen time than before billy barty pops up again as the mischievous imp . the movie is typical of the more racy and adult  oriented musicals of the pre  code era  as opposed to those of the    s and    s that were more family oriented  and is an excellent climax of the warner musicals of that year  the  shanghai lil  number not withstanding  with keeler doing a poor job at looking chinese  .  br    br   last film dinner at eight       . next film i  m no angel       .  
such energy and vitality . you just can  t go wrong with busby berkley films and this certainly must be his best . of course the choreography is wonderful  but also the banter between cagney and blondell is so colorful and such a delight . don  t miss this one .  
wow . . . what . . . a whirlwind . the    s is a decade with plenty of movies of every type i can imagine  especially during the early talkies phase . there were movies which are painfully static and dull  like  dracula  with bella lugosi  and there were those that just don  t give it a rest  sometimes in a good way and other times not . this is one of the films that don  t stop for a minute  and that is both a wonder and a pity . lloyd bacon  who also directed    nd street   must have been the king of the depression era musicals and he was probably excited with the possibilities sound brought to the world of cinema  for he filled this picture with it . there mustn  t be a full minute or two without music or someone speaking . it  s completely crazy  i was thinking the movie deserved a   or a   tops  because the pacing was very poor  since it was insanely fast and i sometimes didn  t know what was happening and what to think . the characters seemed to just running to and fro places  talking about things which didn  t interest me and probably no one else . i thought i was just going to be rewarded with a small headache . i noticed lloyd bacon also cast the female lead in    nd street   ruby keeler  and    nd street  was a movie whose ending was the best part of it . and you know what  it happened the same thing with  footlight parade   the ending is absolutely incredible  it has become  hands down  the most impressive musical i have ever seen . the final part presents us some musical numbers and those are  believe me  something that make seeing the other rest of the movie worth . the numbers are flawless  there are three big bits and the most impressive is surely the second one . suddenly the screen was filled with gorgeous and inventive camera work  beautiful people and plain entertainment that made me forget my small headache .  
the wit and pace and three show stopping busby berkley numbers put this ahead of the over  rated   nd street . this is the definitive    s musical with a knockout frenetic performance from jimmy cagney . one of the last releases before the motion picture production code was strictly enforced . a must see .  
in     dick powell and ruby keeler sang and danced their way through three warner brother musicals that offered depression era audiences a momentary distraction from their woes . gold diggers of        nd street and footlight parade were all set in the world of broadway theatre with basically the same theme of the show must go on . in addition to keeler and powell the films featured the kaleidiscopic choreography of busby berkeley  show stopping tunes and many of the same supporting players .  br    br   all are arguably classics of their genre but i must admit a clear preference for footlight due to it  s pace energy and lead james cagney . warren william in gold diggers and warner baxter in   nd street acquit themselves admirably as the shows production heads  particularly baxter as the burned out julian marsh in search of one last box office smash . both lack the infectious energy of cagney however  who perfectly compliments the frenetic pace of putting on a broadway musical . he is an absolute whirlwind as he deals with production numbers  unscrupulous partners and a gold digging girlfriend .  br    br   of course cagney alone does not make footlight the classic that it is . the script crackles with some sharp double entendres delivered by a superlative supporting cast featuring frank mchugh  hugh herbert  guy kibbee and especially joan blondell who cuts everyone down to size . busby berkeley  s dance numbers are surreal  suggestive and risqu and done just in the nick of time before the arrival of the hollywood code in   . sadly  the thirties and sometime beyond would never see such a richly made musical with the verve and sass of footlight again . gentility and morality made sure of it .  
never viewed this film and enjoyed the singing and dancing by cagney and the other cast members namely dick powell   scott blair  who had a great tenor voice and ruby keeler   bea thorn  . james cagney plays the role as chester kent who writes musicals and eventually goes into producing prologues which are shown in between the feature films shown in movie theater  s during the      s . chester has trouble with people trying to steal his ideas for his shows . this is a very entertaining film with lots of comedy and plenty of laughs . joan blondell   nan prescott  gave a great supporting role who was also very young and pretty . dick powell was great as a singer and dancer and just starting out with his long and successful screen career . enjoy .  
a wonder . one of the best musicals ever . the three busby berkely numbers that end the movie are spectacular  but what makes this film so wonderful is the incredible non  stop patter and the natural acting of cagney and blondell .  keeler is also lovely  even though she may not have been a great actress  . there  s a freshness in the movie that you don  t see in flicks today  much less in the usually stilted   s films  even though the plot  involving the setting up of movies prologues  is quite dated .  
i loved this film  seen this evening on a movie theatre big screen  the audience laughed out loud at some very interesting things  and the fast pace was most enjoyable .  br    br   i do  as a singer and musical director  question one section of roby keeler  s vocal in  by a waterfall .  the key modulated  and she was suddenly singing much lower  in a very mellow voice that bore no resemblance to the somewhat tin  like higher twitter voice she used in all her other vocals .  br    br   does anyone know if this was overdubbed by another singer  it sounds it to me . i would love to know .  br    br   thanks so much .  
clever  gritty  witty  fast  paced  sexy  extravagant  sleazy  erotic  heartfelt and corny  footlight parade is a first  class entertainment  what the movies are all about .  br    br   the realistic  satirical treatment gives a fresh edge to the material and its pace and line delivery are breathtaking . to think that they only started making feature talking pictures  years before this  the brilliance of the dialogue cannot be matched anywhere today  especially considering that  realism  has taken over and engulfed contemporary cinema .  br    br   this film was made at a time when the hayes code restricting content was being ignored and the result is a fresh  self  referential  critical and living cinema that spoke directly to contemporary audiences suffering through the depression and the general angst of the age . i  d recommend watching any film from this period  that is           for a vision of what popular cinema can potentially be .  
how anyone can say this is bad is beyond me . i loved this show before i even saw it . for  reasons   . the story intrigued me   . jessica alba and  . james cameron  please ignore the bad comments and please watch the whole first season before you decide that it  s bad because i know that if you watch the first season you will love it and go out and buy season  as well as season  on dvd and then join the campaign to get season  made   br    br   i hate fox and i  m sure a lot of you  dark angel  fans hate them too . they have a thing for canning good shows  don  t you all agree   
it  s hard to say which comes out on top  james cagney  s charm and energy or the mouth  opening excesses of busby berkeley  s three grand showstoppers at the close . i give it a tie  with footlight parade one of the funniest and quickest of the early thirties musicals . although the movie clearly belongs to cagney  joan blondell adds immeasurably to the good  natured story line .  br    br   and what  s the story line  it  s about chester kent  cagney  who produces musicals  and who now is just about out of business as the talkies take over . he starts doing prologues  live musical entertainment offered on stage before a movie starts . he gets the idea to do bigger ones and more of them  moving them around the country . he  s a ball of fire and ideas  and he needs all the ideas he can get to keep relentlessly producing these things . but a rival is spying on him and stealing his ideas nan prescott  blondell   his wise  cracking secretary  loves him but he  s too busy too notice an office girl in black  rimmed  round glasses  ruby keeler  wants a chance to dance his wife turns up saying she didn  t divorce him after all a blonde gold  digger is setting her hooks in him his partners are cheating him . . . my gosh  what  s next  this may all sound like a lot to digest  but everything happens fast  with cagney bouncing  strutting  striding  finger  snapping  barking orders and occasionally  until the big last number when he goes all out singing and dancing   doing a step or two just to show how it  s done .  br    br   instead of  let  s put on a show  gang  we have  we need to build three shows in three days  so lock the doors and let  s start rehearsing .  these three super prologues are going to feature   chorines  spectacular effects and will mean a rich contract  with forty kent units in deluxe movie houses . . . the whole apollo movie house circuit  exhaustion threatens  feet ache  but all those unbilled chorines in skimpy costumes  which include ann sothern and dorothy lamour you can quickly spot sothern but lamour is more generic  stay the course  dancing their hearts out  giggling and chattering and looking remarkably unsweaty .  br    br   and then the curtains go up as each prologue is presented in separate movie houses  one after the other on the same night  with the owner of the apollo circuit going to determine that night whether he  ll save chester  s skin or not .  br    br   first up is  honeymoon hotel  with dick powell and ruby keeler in a  minute production number that features a lot of wholesome lasciviousness  with brides and grooms  some might even be married   bedrooms and beds  and doors with  do not disturb  signs .  br    br   then on to the next theater and   minutes of  by a waterfall  that probably had the warner brothers accountants worrying about bankruptcy . this number is so excessive   dozens of swimming girls  trees  fountains  a huge grotto with waterslides  a giant pool   you  d never think there was a depression on . berkeley pulls out all his tricks   synchronization  human patterns  legs and arms doing all sorts of precision things   and he does it in the water  with a lot of underwater photography looking up . the girls are sure game . they come up smiling with water in their eyes and still hit their marks . the whole thing must have been incredibly difficult and exhausting . ruby keeler  who has a couple of quick shots in the water  is the only one who looks a bit cautious .  br    br   and finally  the smash finale . . .   minutes of cagney dancing and singing with keeler to  shanghai lil   with all sorts of bar girls and their customers  unusual in that the races are mixed up . there  s cagney and keeler dancing on the bar  dancing on a table  cagney fighting . there are what looks like fifty or sixty marching marines  hupping back and forth  rifles tossed and caught . then . . . this is true . . . a human picture forms of franklin roosevelt and the nra eagle . this may be the only hollywood musical production that has ever featured roosevelt  a big federal agency and a bevy of sexy chinese prostitutes .  br    br   that  s entertainment  folks . it  s great   br    br   of course  chester  s prologues get the big contract and nan gets chester . the movie is full of juicy clichs that make us smile . ruby keeler is so endearing as she earnestly stomps out her taps with her arms flying that you want to help her along . joan blondell makes us forget about a lot of hollywood females who might have been more beautiful but who had a lot less wit and personality . the movie  however  belongs to cagney  who grabs and shakes it  and to berkeley  a man for whom too much was never too much .  
james cagney is best known for his tough characters  and gangster roles but he has also played quite a lot  soft  characters in his career . this musical is one of them and it was the first but not the last musical movie cagney would star in .  br    br   cagney is even doing a bit of singing in this one and also quite an amount of dancing . and it needs to be said that he was not bad at it . he plays the role with a lot of confidence . he apparently had some dancing jobs in his early life before his acting career started to take off big time  so it actually isn  t a weird thing that he also took on some musical acting roles in his career . he obviously also feels at ease in this totally different genre than most people are accustomed to seeing him in .  br    br   the movie is directed by lloyd bacon  who was perhaps among the best and most successful director within the genre . his earliest     s musicals pretty much defined the musical genre and he also was responsible for genre movies such as    nd street  . his musicals were always light and fun to watch and more comedy like than anything else really .     s musicals never were really about its singing  this was something that more featured in     s and later made musicals  mainly from the mgm studios .  br    br   as usual it has a light and simple story  set in the musical world  that of course is also predictable and progresses in a formulaic way . it nevertheless is a fun and simple story that also simply makes this an entertaining movies to watch . so do the characters and actors that are portraying them . sort of weird though that that the total plot line of the movie gets sort of abandoned toward the end of the movie  when the movie only starts to consists out of musical number routines .  br    br   the musical moments toward the ending of the movie are also amusing and well done  even though i  m not a too big fan of the genre itself . once again the musical numbers also feature a young billy barty . he often played little boys  babies  mice and whatever more early on in his career  including the movie musical  gold diggers of       of one year earlier .  br    br   a recommendable early genre movie .  br    br        
i have a feeling that the warners bros depression  era musicals are going to become a lot more pertinent in the next couple of years . yes  we are in the economic doldrums  or have you been living under a rock  and times look bleak . but we always have the movies as a way to escape our troubles . in the    s  film  going was hugely popular even at the height of economic gloom .  footlight parade        was one such film that audiences flocked to . while this lloyd bacon  directed musical doesn  t quite capture the social issues of the time as  gold diggers of            does  it  s still a wonderful showcase of talent . we have to wait until the end of the film for the three centrepiece busby berkely extravaganza numbers  but boy  are they worth waiting for me . yes  little ruby keeler is a terrible singer and actress  and her tapping is so  so  but busby  s magical  by a waterfall  whisks her  and what seems to be a hundred other chorus girls  into a dizzying water wonderland . of course busby  s numbers could never really be performed on a stage  they defy limits of gravity  for one thing   and they contrast terrifically with the realism of the tough  wisecracking non  musical scenes . and  footlight  also has james cagney in at the one of his all  too  few musicals  really  what couldn  t this man do   . he even gets to take over from the leading man  don sailor garb and fawn over sexpot shanghai lil  who is really little ruby in china  girl wig   . he co  stars with joan blondell  his adorable  adoring secretary who cagney somehow overlooks in favour of other women  until the final reel  that is  . apparently blondell was the only other woman who cagney loved apart from his wife . and you can see the mutual adoration in every scene .  
an excellent example of the spectacular busby berkeley musicals produced in the early      s . audiences must  ve been very surprised to see james cagney in this type of vehicle . quite a contrast from his  public enemy   years earlier . cagney does add spark  interest to a rather routine tired out formulated storyline  plot . but the highlight of the movie is the  elaborate production numbers back to back . first with the conservative  honeymoon hotel  number  then followed by the very spectacularly eye dazzling  by a waterfall  sequence  followed by the closing  shanghai lil  sequence  cagney only participates in the last number hoofing it up on top of a bar counter with ruby keeler . the  shanghai lil  number with cagney is excellent but a bit of a comedown  anti climactic after the more exciting  incredibly mind boggling  by a waterfall  choreography . if i was the director i would  ve inserted the  shanghai lil  number in the middle  close with  by a waterfall   which blows the other  numbers out of the water so to speak  in my view the best of the  numbers . the  production numbers are the frosting on the cake  james cagney  s performance is added decoration to the cake . an outstanding musical achievement  a  star movie  the ultimate musical  well worth watching  you won  t be disappointed           
this is a wonderful film . the non  stop patter takes several watchings to fully appreciate . the musical productions of busby berkeley will never be duplicated . i think this movie easily outdoes all of his other efforts . joan blondell and james cagney are incredible together . some of the humor would almost push the boundaries of today  s movies . put rational explanation of how they did it aside and enjoy it for the spectacle that it is .  
fast  paced  funny  sexy  and spectacular . cagney is always terrific . blondel charms you with her wit and energy . it  s obvious that this is a pre  censorship film by the innuendo in the script  the costumes  and the way they touch each other . and bikinis before there were bikinis  this is no holds barred fun for everyone . i don  t understand the john garfield issue though . does it matter whether or not he  s in this film  if he is  he screen is so short that he  s basically a prop . you need to watch it frame by frame to even find him if he  s there . i  m a big cagney fan  but had never seen this one before . i found it on turner classics . i found it by wonderful accident . sit back and enjoy the ride   
when it came out  this was pretty much state of the art musical film entertainment . to this day it  s more entertaining than most  in great part because it has james cagney in the lead role as a musical prologue producer under a succession of deadlines and sheltered from all storms by his trusty  girl friday  played by joan blondell . also the musical numbers towards the end which were put together by busby berkeley are pretty much a knock  out as far as that type of thing goes .  br    br   but this is a pretty strange movie . i mean in one of those numbers  you  ve got billy barty running around pretending to be a lovable toddler  doing all kinds of weird stuff . ruby keeler seems to have a sickening smile plastered on her face at all times  but at least she  s not required to act like in some of her later unfortunate films . you  d never guess that dick powell was any kind of tough guy from seeing him in this movie apparently all the tough guy energy was allocated to the star cagney . as for cagney  his high speed rants about musical shows and so forth are endearing and annoying at the same time . after a while it gets a bit too much . you expect him to walk out and say   hey  i  ve got a great idea for a prologue  the women are cigarettes  and they come out of a pack of smokes  oh no  we did that one last month   it  s funny but it gets a bit repetitive . in the moments where he has to get tough with the bad girl  ruth donnelly  some of the established cagney gangster character comes out . in fact frequent b gangster director william keighley is credited here with dialogue coaching  and it seems at times that cagney and blondell are invoking something very  street  even though the characters aren  t criminal .  br    br   the musical numbers . . . what can you say  they stand alone as entertainment  the way that berkeley uses the human body and geometry is really startling . but none of them really mean anything . it means  honeymoon hotel   nothing really more or less . and the whole pretense of the integration falls apart immediately  since the characters in the show are doing things that couldn  t possibly be appreciated by a theater audience like the movie portrays . for example at one point they show the fine print on a newspaper  things like that . the whole thing could only exist on film  so the idea that the prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous . i can only suppose that audiences of the time were somewhat less critical about things like this than they would be ten years later or so  because this is a very polished production .  br    br   it  s great to see cagney himself show off his superb dancing skills  and he can actually share the stage with a dancer like keeler . cagney and blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes go off really well . the music i would say is only mediocre  but mostly pleasing if repetitive . bacon  s direction in general is very suitable but never interesting . the film  s entertainment value is unquestionable and it has also picked up some nostalgic value along the way . it  s a cut above most  let  s put on a show  films of the   s .  
of course you could never go into a theatre and witness the types of sets you get in this film . from that point of view it is utter fantasy . but who cares  it is certainly true that you will not find this film listed in with citizen kane  battleship potyomkin and all the other films the pseuds tell us we should be watching . films like this are worth a hundred citizen kanes . it is about what cinema does best great camera  work  great settings and great performances .  br    br   the three spectacular scenes at the end are probably best in the order they are presented  keeping the best till last .  br    br   i will gladly watch this film again and again and again and . . .  
  footlight parade  is just one of several wonderfully jaunty musicals that warner bros . produced in the early      s to ward off the depression .    nd street  and the golddiggers series were also produced during this era  and they made literally  millions of americans forget their troubles for a little while  and enjoy themselves .  br    br   while most of the films produced had the great talents of joan blondell  ruby keeler  and dick powell  only foolight parade had the incomparable james cagney . almost ten years prior to his most well  known musical   yankee doodle dandy  . here he dances in that most original of dance styles  with his arms usually lowered at his side  and his legs doing all types of undulations and kicks . it  s easy to see that he is enjoying himself  and that makes us enjoy him all the more .  br    br   while almost all of the musical sequences appear at the end of the film  they are well worth the wait . i believe that this film was made just prior to the installation of the production code  so some of the costumes and scenes are a bit risqu . but it  s all in fun .  br    br   it doesn  t matter what the plot of the film is  just know that there are plenty of laughs and a superlative cast . besides those already mentioned  guy kibbee is at his flustered best here .  br    br    out of    
the energetic young producer of theatrical prologues  those staged performances  usually musical  that often proceeded the movie in the larger cinemas in bygone days  must deal with crooked competition  fraudulent partners  unfaithful lovers  amateur talent to realize his dream of making his mark on the footlight parade .  br    br   while closely resembling other warner  s musical spectaculars  notably the golddigger films  this movie had a special attraction none of the others had jimmy cagney . he is a wonder  loose  jointed and lithe  as agile as any tomcat  a creature he actually mimics a few times during the movie . cagney grabs the viewers attention  never lets go  powering the rapid  fire dialogue and corny plot with his charisma  buoyant charm .  br    br   the rest of the cast gives their best  as well . joan blondell is perfect as the smart  mouthed  big  hearted blonde secretary  infatuated with cagney  major quibble  why wasn  t she given a musical number   . dick powell  ruby keeler once again play lovers onstage  off the fact that her singing  acting abilities are a bit on the lean side are compensated for by her dancing  powell still exudes boyish enthusiasm in his unaccustomed position as second male lead .  br    br   guy kibbee  hugh herbert are lots of fun as brothers  in  law  both scheming to cheat cagney in different ways . ruth donnelly scores as kibbee  s wealthy wife  a woman devoted to her handsome protgs . frank mchugh  s harried choreographer is an apt foil for cagney  s wit . herman bing is hilarious in his one tiny scene as a music arranger . mavens will spot little billy barty  jimmy conlin  maybe even john garfield during the musical numbers .  br    br   finally  there  s busby berkeley  choreographer nonpareil . his terpsichorean confections  sprinkled throughout the decade of the      s  were a supreme example of the cinematic escapism that depression audiences wanted to enjoy . the big joke about berkeley  s creations  of course  was that they were meant  as part of the plot  to be stage productions . but no theater could ever hold these products of the master  s imagination . they are perfect illustrations of the type of entertainment only made possible by the movie camera .  br    br   berkeley  s musical offerings generally took one of two different approaches  either a story  often rather bizarre  told with song  dance or else stunning geometrically designed numbers  eye candy  featuring plentiful chorus girls  overhead camerawork  a romantic tune . in a spasm of outr extravagance  footlight parade climaxes with three berkeley masterworks honeymoon hotel  and its pre  production code telling of a couple  s wedding night by a waterfall   dozens of unclad females  splashing  floating  diving in perfect patterns  designs  peer closely  you  ll see how the synchronous effects were achieved   and finally  shanghai lil   a fitting tribute to the talents of both cagney  berkeley .  
i thought this had the right blend of character  plot  futuristic stuff and special effects without going over board . it will take a while to get going  but the acting was good and i was intrigued by the angel who is not to hard to look at . i like the attitude too  certainly not like other attempts at futuristic stories .  
this fabulous movie must be viewed knowing that millions scraped together   cents to see it and forget the gloomy day  to  day economic conditions during the    s . remember    cents bought a loaf of bread back then  so this was a minor luxury for many people . it  s testimony to how hollywood did its best to make the usa feel a little better about itself . you  ll note that with the studio system in hollywood at the time many of the actors and actresses were type  cast in similar movies  e . g . james cagney  william powell  ruby keeler  frank mchugh  joan blondell and guy kibbee . then too  branches of the u . s . military were always respected with enthusiasm and patriotism as in the use of military precision marching by the great choreographer  busby berkeley  at the end .  
an opium den  a dirty little boy  actually a midget   prostitutes galore  a violent fracas in a dive  a motel for sexual shenanigans  scantily clad babes with cleavage a lot  a boozer falling down the stairs  a racially mixed clientle in a bar with asians  africans  and anglos treated equally  does this sound like a film playing at the local shopping mall  wrong . these are all scenes from a     musical .  br    br   the first half of  footlight parade  is preparation for a musical extravaganza which occupies the last half of the film . chester kent  cagney  is about to lose his job and does lose his playgirl wife as a result of talking pictures squeezing out live stage musicals . his producers take him to see a popular talky of the day  john wayne in  the big trail .  before each showing of the flick  a dance number is presented as a prologue . shorts  news reels  serials  and cartoons would later serve the purpose . kent gets the idea that a prologue chain would be the road to salvation for the dwindling live musical business . kent is basically an idea man along the lines of choreographer busby berkeley . could it be that cagney  s character is patterned after berkeley  could be .  br    br   in preparation for the prologues  kent learns that his ideas are being stolen by a rival . he uncovers the traitor  fires him  then unbeknown to him a new leak is planted in the form a dazzling temptress . his assistant  nan prescott  joan blondell  soon to be mrs . dick powell  has the hots for kent and is determined to expose the wiles of the temptress . a new singer from arkansas college shows up in the form of scotty blain  dick powell  who turns out to be a real find and is paired with bea thorn  ruby keeler  . the resulting three prologue musicals  which couldn  t possibly have been presented on any cinema stage of the day  are as fresh and enjoyable today as they were over seventy years ago   honeymoon hotel    by a waterfall   and  shanghai lil .   br    br   of special note is the song and dance of tough  guy james cagney . like fred astaire and bill  bojangles  robinson  cagney  s dancing appeared natural and unrehearsed  although hours went into practice to get each step just right . not as good a singer as astaire  cagney  s singing  like astaire  s  sounded natural  unlike the crooning so popular at the time . it  s amazing that one person could be so talented and so versatile as james cagney .  br    br   most critics prefer the  shanghai lil  segment over the other two . yet the kaleidoscopic choreography of  by a waterfall  is astonishing . how berkeley was able to film the underwater ballets and to create the human snake chain must have been difficult because it has never been repeated . the close up shots mixed brilliantly with distant angles is a must  see . the crisp black and white photography is much more artistic than it would have been if shot in color .  br    br   though not nearly as socially conscious as  gold diggers of        footlight parade  stands on its own as one of the most amazing and outrageous musicals ever put on the big screen .  
it has singing . it has drama . it has comedy . it has a story . it  s one of the greatest movies ever made . . . period . if you can  t enjoy this movie  then you must be either asleep or in some kind of mental disarray . in  yankee doodle dandy  james cagney sings and dances his way to an academy award but in this movie he is better  this is james cagney at his quisessential best  he  s fast with the one  liners  he  s fast with his feet  it  s nonstop action . and the song  and  dance skits are classics  especially  shanghai lil .  and the supporting cast is great and the entire movie is upbeat  fast moving  and exudes confidence . and even though this movie was made over   years ago  it  s still watchable  even today . and of course  this movie features miss ruby keeler  who was married to al jolson  . she is the perfect partner for james cagney . . . and dick powell too  if you like upbeat  fast paced movies  with lots of singing and dancing  this is the movie to watch .  
the stock market crash of     and the depression following almost ruined the american musical theater  in fact it was the final death blow to vaudeville . those behind the curtains were hit as bad as those in front .  br    br   in an effort to stimulate the show business economy and his own personal economy  out of work theater director james cagney comes up with a brilliant idea . stage live relevant prologues to the movies that are being shown at the various movie theaters that are springing up overnight from the old theaters . some other competitors get wind of it and the competition is on .  br    br   footlight parade is my favorite busby berkeley film . it gives james cagney a chance to display some of his versatility as a dancer as well as a tough guy . in his retirement cagney said that while he screened his few and far between musicals a lot  he could barely be bothered with some of his straight dramatic films . he wished he  d done a few more musicals in his career and i wish he had .  br    br   of course the staging of these busby berkeley extravaganzas on the stage of a movie palace defies all logic and reason . but it  s so creative and fun to watch .  br    br   dick powell gets to sing three songs in footlight parade  ah the moon is here  honeymoon hotel  and by a waterfall  the last two with ruby keeler further cementing that screen team . ruby sings and dances with powell in the last two and she partners with james cagney in my favorite number from footlight parade  shanghai lil .  br    br   joan blondell is cagney  s no nonsense girl friday at the theater . like in blonde crazy  she  s the one with the real brains in that duo and it  s her quick thinking that bails him out of some domestic problems he has on top of his theatrical ones . one of blondell  s best screen roles .  br    br   look for dorothy lamour and ann sothern in the chorus as per the imdb pages for both of them . john garfield is seen briefly in the shanghai lil number . and in a scene at the beginning of the film  producer guy kibbee takes cagney to a movie theater where they are showing a b western starring john wayne . the duke  s voice is unmistakable . but what  s even more unusual is that the brief clip shows him in a scene with frank mchugh who plays another cagney assistant in footlight parade . i think the brothers warner were playing a little joke there . i  ve got to believe that clip was deliberate .  br    br   footlight parade is busby berkeley at his surreal best .  
  footlight parade  is fascinating on so many levels . there is no way the supposedly staged  theater prologues  could have been produced in any theater on earth  of course . think of the huge pools and three  story tall fountains for  by a waterfall   for instance .  berkeley directed john garfield in  they made me a criminal  six years later and had the dead end kids singing  by a waterfall  as they took their showers .   br    br    shanghai lil  is the best production number in the picture . it  s a catalog of    s warner bros . sensibilities . note the african guys mixed into the scene with white and asian prostitutes . you would never see blacks integrated into a social scene in other films of the period unless they were porters on a train or maids in a big house . here the black guys are sitting at the bar and singing with the others . i also get a thrill when the military dancers do a  card section  presentation of roosevelt  s image . there  s also the nra eagle   the logo of the controversial national recovery administration of the new deal . fdr was the new president and hopes were so high that he  d pull the nation out of the depression . you  d never see something so working class oriented coming out of mgm  of course . warner bros . wholeheartedly supported the uplift dictated by the f . d . r . administration .  br    br   dear little miss ruby keeler was never better than she is playing the chinese hooker   lil .  she hardly even watches her feet as she dances  which was one of her signature flaws .  br    br   the pre  code stuff is fun . the  by a waterfall  number is wonderful in that regard . the girls change into their bathing suits on the crowded bus speeding through times square with all its lights on . the spread  eagle girls swimming over the camera provide the kind of crotch shots that would not be seen for   years . in a few months the production code would eliminate such naughty pleasures .  
footlight parade is among the best of the      s musical comedy extravaganzas . a snappy script and an all  star cast including jimmy cagney  the lovely joan blondell  dick powell  and ruby keeler make this film a cut above the rest . directed and choreographed by the creative genius busby berkeley  this film will have you grinning from ear  to  ear from start to finish .  br    br   busby  of course  is the undisputed master of the hollywood musical with  gold diggers of      and    nd street  to his credit  as dance director  . footlight parade is graced by hundreds of scantily  clad chorus girls  a berkeley trademark . the elaborate dance numbers were shot with only one camera and busby was the first director to film close  ups of the dancers . his obsession with shapely legs and  rear  view  shots is amply demonstrated here . the overall effect is highly erotic and mesmerizing .  br    br   our boy jimmy cagney plays chester kent  a producer of  prologues  or short musical stage productions that were performed in movie theaters to entertain the audience before the talkies were shown . he  s surrounded by crooked partners  a corporate spy  and a gold  digging girlfriend . although cagney had a solid background in vaudeville  this was the first film in which he showed his dancing talents . joan blondell is memorable as cagney  s wise  cracking  lovestruck secretary . and ruby keeler is adorable  as always .  br    br   the film climaxes with three outstanding production numbers   honeymoon hotel    the waterfall   and  shanghai lil   each one a masterpiece and not likely to be duplicated in today  s hollywood where so  called  special effects  have replaced creative cinematography .  br    br   claudia  s bottom line clever and erotic  with some of the best musical production numbers ever put on celluloid . a thoroughly enjoyable depression era romp .  
a very early oliver stone  associate   produced film  and one of the first films in the impressive career of lloyd kaufman  co  founder and president of the world  s only real independent film studio troma  creator of the toxic avenger and  at the prestigious amsterdam fantastic filmfestival  lifetime  achievement awarded filmmaker for over   years  . having raised the money for this film on his own  lloyd wrote this script together with theodore gershuni in     and in hindsight regrets having listened to advice to have gershuni else direct the film instead of doing it himself . but back then he was still inexperienced in the business and it is probably because of decisions like these that he takes no nonsense from anyone anymore . indeed it would have been interesting to see lloyd  s version of his own script  as one of the world  s most original  daring  experimental and non  compromising directors he probably would have given it even more edge than it already has . but as it is we have the gershuni  directed film . and weather it is due to the strong script  or the fact that he too is indeed quite a director of his own  sugar cookies is a very intelligent  highly suspenseful and well  crafted motion picture that deserves a lot more attention than it receives . the shoestring budget the small studio  this was even before kaufman and his friend and partner for over   years now  michael herz  formed troma  had to work with is so well handled that the film looks a lot more expensive  indeed does not have a  low budget  look at all . the story revolves around lesbian camilla stone  played by enigmatic mary woronow  and her lover who winds up dead through circumstances i won  t reveal not to spoil a delightful story . this leads to a succession of plot  twists  mind games and personality reform that is loosely inspired by hitchcock  s vertigo and at least as inventive . the atmosphere is a lot grimmer  though  and some comparisons to nicholas roeg  s and donald cammell  s performance come to mind . in this mix is a very original and inventive erotic laden thriller that keeps it quite unclear as to how it is all going to end  which  along with a splendidly interwoven sub  plot with a nod to kaufman  s earlier and unfortunately unavailable big guss what  s the fuss  makes for a very exciting one  and  a  half  hour . certainly one of the best films in troma  s library  and yet again one of those films that defy the curious fantasy that their catalog is one of bad taste . the dvd includes some recent interviews kaufman conducts with woronov and the other leading lady lynn lowry  later seen in george romero  s the crazies   thus giving some interesting insight in what went on during the making of this cult  favorite and a few hints of what would be different had lloyd directed it himself . highly recommended .  
this movie is not schlock  despite the lo fi production and its link to troma productions . a dark fable for adults . exploitation is a theme of sugar cookies  and one wonders if the cast has not fallen prey to said theme . a weird movie with enticing visuals shadows and contrast are prominent . definitely worth a look  especially from fans of warhol and stylish decadence . through all the cruelty and wickedness  a moral  albeit twisted  can be gleamed .  
starting off  here  s a synopsis porno queen alta lee  lynn lowry  is murdered by her pornographer lover max  george shannon  in a game of sexual russian roulette . alta  s other lover  icy lesbian casting agent camila stone  mary woronov   provides an alibi for max . but camila has an agenda of her own  and a plan involving the seduction of innocent actress julie  lynn again  in a web of sexual mind games . when the lookalikes  identities are sufficiently blurred  the stage is set for vengeance as passionate as the most heated carnal encounter .  br    br   though this movie is quite obscure and never got much attention  i find it to be a sexy  suspenseful gem . cult goddess woronov has one of her best  ever roles  and she and sexy  innocent lowry play off each other well . the unsettling music provided by gershon kingsley  plus two original songs   all  american boy    you say you  ve never let me down   and the jaynetts   sally  go  round the roses  compose a memorable soundtrack . theodore gershuny  s direction is sharp  with everything photographed in muted earth tones that perfectly suggest unsavory business bubbling under society  s upper crust . with tons of great new york atmosphere  ondine  woronov  s friend and fellow warholite  giving a great performance in a small role  and exotic monique van vooren as max  s ex  wife in a comic sub  plot . this sub  plot  though amusing  looks like it belongs in another movie altogether . however  i  m not complaining  as the film is smooth even as it changes gears and is a hell of a lot more interesting that the erotic  thriller garbage currently being cranked out .  br    br   trivia sugar cookies was originally rated x  soft  core  and released by general film corporation in     . i am the proud owner of an original one  sheet poster   lucky me  in      the movie was cut for an r and re  released by troma team  which now offers it uncut on videotape . mary woronov was the wife of theodore gershuny at the time  and was reportedly uncomfortable performing the graphic lesbian simulated sex scenes with him leering behind the camera . she can also be seen in two of his earlier productions  kemek       and silent night  bloody night       .  
i enjoyed longstreet  which followed in the steps of raymond burr  s successful ironside tv series and was intended to give it competition . but this show was canceled after one season because it was decided   i believe wrongly   that longstreet was not able to compete with mr . burr  s ironside .  br    br   i may add that the pilot for this show was especially well done and very memorable . i hope that a box set of longstreet will appear .  br    br   writers should note that this story idea was only briefly explored here and that much more could and should be done to show the play and interplay of disabilities on tv .  
this is the best sci  fi that i have seen in my   years of watching sci  fi . i also believe that dark angel will become a cult favorite . the action is great but jessica alba is the best and most gorgeous star on tv today .  
this series was a cut above the rest of the tv detective series of the day but somehow didn  t find an audience .  br    br   the idea of a blind detective may not be totally new but added so much to the story . and who could forget pax  the beautiful guide dog in the series   br    br   whilst the stories themselves may have been no better than the average series  the settings  in new orleans  the acting and the music  i note the comment about the music score in other comments . . . i remember that clearly  all work to make a good television series even better   br    br   well you never know . . . one day paramount might just dig into its archives and release it on dvd   
there is no denying that ealing comedies are good  but for me this film stands out as one of the best .  br    br   the basic premise of the film is that a small part of pimlico in london is discovered to be part of burgundy  not the uk . we then follow the lives of the residents in their battle to keep the treasure found after the bomb explodes  and keep out the black market traders who soon realise that being exempt from uk law  rationing does not exist . when they become prisoners in their own street because the government has decided to close the boarder we see them fight back against the system .  br    br   they are forced to ration water and food in their stand for what is right . in fact becoming worse off than they were before it all started  that  s where the moral comes in . it  s when they loose all the food that they think they are beaten and call for a surrender  only to have the whole of london respond to their plight by sending food  lot  s of it . thus enabling them to continue their struggle .  br    br   this film hit  s the right note throughout  the acting is superb  with stanley holloway  margaret rutherford  hermione baddeley and betty warren standing out . it  s pitched just right  not too sentimental and the moral of the story not forced down your throat . well worth a viewing  
pleasant story of the community of pimlico in london who  after an unexploded ww  bomb explodes  find a royal charter stating that the area they live in forms part of burgundy .  br    br   this movie works because it appeals to the fantasy a lot of us have about making up our own rules and not having to listen to them . a solid cast of british stalwarts  especially stanley holloway  makes this more believable .  br    br   there are some very nice moments in the film  such as when the people have ran out of supplies and other londoners on the other side of the barricade start throwing food and other things over to them .  br    br   even though you always knew pimlico would become part of the uk again  the people of pimlico and as a consequence the viewer doesn  t mind when this happens  leaving a nice happy feeling .  br    br   it  s amazing to think that these low budget movies from a small studio in london still remain so popular over fifty years later . the producers must have got something right .  
my cable tv has what  s called the arts channel  which is a  catch  as  catch  can  situation sometimes  sometimes films  sometimes short clips of films or ballets  and i came into this just as the bar scene came on  where they tear up their coupons . excellent  exquisite  ealing wins again  my wartime  glasgow  raised mother would love this  should i ever find a copy of it . some of britain  s best artists  from mr holloway to wayne and radford and the delicious miss rutherford  having a wonderful time gently sticking it to the home office . loved the last scene  where as soon as they are  back in england   the temperature plummets and it rains . . .  
passport to pimlico is a real treat for all fans of british cinema . not only is it an enjoyable and thoroughly entertaining comedy  but it is a cinematic flashback to a bygone age  with attitudes and scenarios sadly now only a memory in british life .  br    br   stanley holloway plays pimlico resident arthur pemberton  who after the accidental detonation of an unexploded bomb  discovers a wealth of medieval treasure belonging to the   th century duke of burgundy that has been buried deep underneath their little suburban street these last    years .  br    br   accompanying the treasure is an ancient legal decree signed by king edward iv of england  which has never been officially rescinded  to state that that particular london street had been declared burgandian soil  which means that in the eyes of international law  pemberton and the other local residents are no longer british subjects but natives of burgundy and their tiny street an independent country in it  s own right and a law unto itself .  br    br   this sets the war  battered and impoverished residents up in good stead as they believe themselves to be outside of english law and jurisdiction  so in an act of drunken defiance they burn their ration books  destroy and ignore their clothing coupons  flagrantly disregard british licencing laws etc  declaring themselves fully independent from britain .  br    br   however  what then happens is ever spiv  black marketeer and dishonest crook follows suit and crosses the  border  into burgundy as a refuge from the law and post  war restrictions to sell their dodgy goods  and half of london  s consumers follow them in order to dodge the ration  making their quiet happy little haven  a den of thieves and a rather crowded one at that .  br    br   appealing to whitehall for assistance  they are told that due to developments this is  now a matter of foreign policy  which his majesty  s government is reluctant to become involved  which leaves the residents high and dry . they do however declare the area a legal frontier and as such set up a fully equipped customs office at the end of the road  mainly to monitor smuggling than to ensure any safety for the residents of pimlico .  br    br   eventually the border is closed altogether starting a major siege  with the bugundian residents slowly running out of water and food  but never the less fighting on in true british style . as one bugundian resident quotes   we  re english and we always were english  and it  s just because we are english  we are fighting so hard to be bugundians   br    br   a sentiment that is soon echoed throughout the capital as when the rest of london learn of the poor bugundians plight they all feel compelled to chip in and help them  by throwing food and supplies over the barbed wire blockades .  br    br   will whitehall  who has fought off so may invaders throughout the centuries finally be brought to it  s knees by this new batch of foreigners  especially as these ones are english      br    br   great tale  and great fun throughout . not to be missed .  
my former cambridge contemporary simon heffer  today a writer and journalist  has put forward the theory that  just as british film  makers in the eighties were often critical of what they called  thatcher  s britain   the ealing comedies were intended as satires on  attlee  s britain   the britain which had come into being after the labour victory in the     general election . this theory was presumably not intended to apply to  say   kind hearts and coronets   which is  if anything  a satire on the edwardian upper classes  or to  the ladykillers  or  the lavender hill mob   both of which may contain some satire but are not political in nature . it can  however  be applied to most of the other films in the series  especially  passport to pimlico  .  br    br   pimlico is  or at least was in the forties  a predominantly working  class district of london  set on the north bank of the thames about a mile from victoria station . it is not quite correct to say  as has often been said  that the film is about pimlico  declaring itself independent  of britain . what happens is that an ancient charter comes to light proving that in the fifteenth century the area was ceded by king edward iv to the duchy of burgundy . this means that  technically  pimlico is an independent state  and has been for nearly five hundred years  irrespective of the wishes of its inhabitants . the government promise to pass a special act of parliament to rectify the anomaly  but until the act receives the royal assent the area remains outside the united kingdom and british laws do not apply .  br    br   because pimlico is not subject to british law  the landlord of the local pub is free to open whatever hours he chooses and local shopkeepers can sell whatever they please to whomever they please  unhindered by the rationing laws . when other traders start moving into the area to sell their goods in the streets  the british authorities are horrified by what they regard as legalised black  marketeering and seal off the area to try and force the  burgundians   as the people of pimlico have renamed themselves  to surrender .  br    br   many of the ealing comedies have as their central theme the idea of the little man taking on the system  either as an individual as happens in  the man in the white suit  or  the lavender hill mob   or as part of a larger community as happens in  whisky galore  or  the titfield thunderbolt  . the central theme of  passport  is that of ordinary men and women taking on bureaucracy and government  imposed regulations which seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in the britain of the forties . the film  s particular target is the rationing system . during the war the system had been accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against nazism  but it became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to retain it in peacetime . it was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the attlee administration which had been elected with a large majority in      and organisations such as the british housewives  league were set up to campaign for the abolition of rationing . i cannot agree with the reviewer who stated that the main targets of the film  s satire were the  spivs   black marketeers   who play a relatively minor part in the action  or the housewives  league  who do not appear at all . the satire is very much targeted at the bureaucrats  who are portrayed either as having a  rules for rules  sake  mentality or a desire to pass the buck and avoid having to take any action at all .  br    br   i suspect that if the film were to be made today it would have a different ending with pimlico remaining independent as a british version of monaco or san marino .  indeed  i suspect that today this concept would probably serve as the basis of a tv sitcom rather than a film  . in      however  four years after the end of the war  the film  makers were keen stress patriotism and british identity  so the film ends with pimlico being reabsorbed into britain . one of the best  known lines from the film is  we always were english and we always will be english and it  s just because we are english that we  re sticking up for our right to be burgundians  . there is a sharp contrast between the rather heartless attitude of officialdom with the common sense  tolerance and good humour of the cockneys of pimlico  all of which are presented as being quintessentially british characteristics .  br    br   most of the action takes place during a summer drought and sweltering heatwave  but in the last scene  after pimlico has rejoined the uk the temperature drops and it starts to pour with rain . global warming may have altered things slightly  but for many years part of being british was the ability to hold the belief  whatever statistics might say to the contrary  that britain had an abnormally wet climate . the ability to make jokes about that climate was equally important .  br    br   there is a good performance from stanley holloway as arthur pemberton  the grocer and small  time local politician who becomes the prime minister of free pimlico  and an amusing cameo from margaret rutherford as a batty history professor . in the main  however  this is  appropriately enough for a film about a small community pulling together  an example of ensemble acting with no real star performances but with everyone making a contribution to an excellent film . it lacks the ill  will and rancour of many more recent satirical films  but its wit and satire are no less effective for all that . it remains one of the funniest satires on bureaucracy ever made and  with the possible exception of  kind hearts and coronets  is my personal favourite among the ealing comedies .       
every time this film is on the bbc somebody in the radio times says how it is a satire against the post war world of rationing and the welfare state . i do not think this is the point of the film at all . the film parodies the spivs  small time criminals who ran the blackmarket  and the housewives league who campaigned against government restrictions but were really a tory front organisation .  br    br   yes of course the film sends up the political  social situation but in the end the people realise that they need all the controls to ensure a fair society  they want to be british and muddle through rather than foreign .  br    br   but i don  t think they go back to being exactly like they were before .  
i commend pictures that try something different . many films just seem like re  treads of old ideas  so that is the big reason i so strongly recommend passport to pimlico .  br    br   the movie is set just after ww  and the post  war shortages and rationing seem to be driving londoners  barmy  . the film centers on a tiny neighborhood in london called pimlico . they  too  are sick of not being able to buy what they want but can see no way out of it . that is until they accidentally stumble upon a hidden treasure and a charter which officially named this neighborhood as a sovereign nation many hundreds of years ago  with this document  they reason  they can bypass all the rationing and coupons and live life just as they want  since it turns out they really aren  t british subjects  where the movie goes from there and how the crisis is ultimately resolved is something you  ll need to see for yourselves . leave it up the brilliant minds of ealing studios to come up with this gem   
very funny  well  crafted  well  acted  meticulous attention to detail . a real window into a specific time and place in history . could almost believe this was a true story in a parallel universe . interesting how passport to pimlico anticipates the berlin airlift . a definite   .  
spoilers many different comedy series nowadays have at one point or another experimented with the idea of obscure independence . in an early episode of cartoon  family guy  the griffin family find their home is an independent nation to the united states of america and the story progresses from there . way back in     however  the ealing studios produced a wonderful little film along the same idea .  br    br   after a child  s prank  the residents of pimlico discover a small fortune in treasure . at the inquest it becomes clear that the small area is a small outcrop of the long lost state of burgundy . withdrawing from london and the rest of great britain  the residents of the small street experience the joys and the problems with being an independent state .  br    br   based at a time when rationing was still in operation  this story is brilliantly told and equally inspiring . featuring performances by stanley holloway  betty warren  philip stainton and a young charles hawtrey  the film is well stocked with some of the finest actors of their generation . these actors are well aided as well by a superb little script with some cracking lines . feeling remarkably fresh  despite being over   years old  the story never feels awkward and always keeps the audience entertained .  br    br   ealing studios was one of the finest exporters of british film ever in existence . with films like  passport to pimlico  it  s not difficult to see why . amusing from start to finish  the story is always fun and always worth watching .  
i love this show  it  s sure to be a winner . jessica alba does a great job  it  s about time we have a kick  ass girl who  s not the cutesy type . the entire cast is wonderful and all the episopes have good plots . everything is layed out well  and thought over . to put it together must have taken a while  because it wasn  t someone in a hurry that just slapped something together . it  s a great show altogether .  
gotta start with ed furlong on this one . you gotta . god bless this kid .   bucks says the character he plays in this film is what he  s really like in real life . he has a one  liner or two that made me almost blow snot because of the subtle humor in the script . you know all the trials this guy has gone through in recent years and it doesn  t even seem like furlong is even acting . maybe that  s why his performance was good . same with madsen . you keep thinking   i bet this guy is really like this in real life .  does madsen even have to act  just natural . vosloo has obviously moved on from the type  casted mummy guy . i think the biggest surprise to this film was jordana spiro  s performance . her reactions are spot  on in this film . i battled if she was hot or not  but realized i would just like to see more of her .  br    br   not a big fan of shoot  em out  hostage type films . but what i am a fan of are films with lots of twists and turns to try and keep you guessing . it  s not just your standard robbers take over a bank  they kill hostages  and the good guys win in the end type of film . the twists keep on coming . . . and coming .  br    br   the caf scenes work best with the hand  held cams to show what it  s really like in there . not glossed over a bit . think like bourne ultimatum  lite  style on some scenes in the caf .  br    br   and for those bo bice fanatics out there  actor curtis wayne  who plays karl  will make you do a double take . these guys are twins .  br    br   as i watched i wondered why some of the actors had foreign accents and what were they doing in this small town . made sense in the end that these people smuggled stuff to other countries  states so they might have these accents . but more is revealed in the bonus features of how some of the producers wanted to make this film for international audiences with some of their stars we might not have heard of . and some of them are smoking hot . moncia dean  need i say more .  
this is a very funny ealing comedy about a community in central london who  through an unusual set of circumstances  discover they are not english  but are an annex of the french province of burgundy .  br    br   the film features comic actor stanley holloway  best known as alfred doolittle in my fair lady   as well as a host of other classic comic actors of the period .  br    br   the story was apparently based on a news item at the time  when the canadian government  officially  gave a hotel room to a visiting european member of royalty . the idea actually reminded me of the real  life case of the hutt river province in western australia  where a landowner  seceded  from the australian government due to a wool quota dispute .  it was never acknowledged by the western australian or australian governments  .  br    br   this is a great script that plays with a lot of political and economic issues  rather like the tv show  yes minister   as well as being a great little eccentric character piece as well .  
this very funny british comedy shows what might happen if a section of london  in this case pimlico  were to declare itself independent from the rest of the uk and its laws  taxes  post  war restrictions . merry mayhem is what would happen .  br    br   the explosion of a wartime bomb leads to the discovery of ancient documents which show that pimlico was ceded to the duchy of burgundy centuries ago  a small historical footnote long since forgotten . to the new burgundians  however  this is an unexpected opportunity to live as they please  free from any interference from whitehall .  br    br   stanley holloway is excellent as the minor city politician who suddenly finds himself leading one of the world  s tiniest nations . dame margaret rutherford is a delight as the history professor who sides with pimlico . others in the stand  out cast include hermione baddeley  paul duplis  naughton wayne  basil radford  sir michael hordern .  br    br   welcome to burgundy   
i have to say i totally loved the movie . it had it  s funny moments  some heartwarming parts  just all around good . me  personally  really liked the movie because it  s something that finally i can relate to my childhood . this movie  in my opinion  is geared more towards the young gay population . it shows how a young gay boy would be treated while growing up . all the taunting  name  calling  and not knowing is something i  like most other young feminine boys  will always remember  and now finally a movie that illustrates how hard it really is to grow up gay . so  i would definitely recommend seeing this movie . probably shouldn  t really watch it until a person is old and mature enough to understand it  
i get tired of my  and  year old daughters constantly being subjected to watch nickelodeon  disney and the like . it all seems to be the same old tired cartoons rehashed over and over again . when my daughters couldn  t go to the fair this afternoon because one of them was sick  i wanted them to just relax and rest for a while . i flipped the tv on and in searching for something different  i flipped the channels . my finger stopped channel surfing the moment i heard harvey  s voice . i adore every single solitary thing this man has done and when i saw that he was doing voice  over work for a little duck . . . well  i couldn  t change the channel  my daughters were instantly mesmerized by the cartoon and the more we watched the show together  the more i grew to love it along with the message that was being portrayed . it  s not necessarily a proponent for  gay rights  but rather for anyone who has ever been ostracized as a child for anything . i had friends who were picked on for one thing or another . . . . too fat  too skinny  too feminine  being a bully  not being smart enough  only having one parent . . . . you name it  kids  as a rule  can be very very cruel to one another so i was happy to see an entertaining cartoon that actually conveyed a life message to its audience . my girls already accept others as they are and don  t pick on others for being different . my older daughter actually stands up for her friends if they  re picked on  one happens to have a single mom and that little girl is picked on quite often   it warms my heart when kassie stands up for her   .  br    br   so  those of you who are condemning this show because you feel that it  s an advocate for  gay rights  or are being forced to  accept certain views   you clearly and completely missed the point of this poignant little cartoon .  br    br   and if you need it explained to you . . . . well  you need more help than any television show could ever offer .  
henry thomas showed a restraint  even when the third act turned into horrible hollywood resolution that could  ve killed this movie  that kept the dignity of a redemption story and as for pure creepiness  sniffing babies   
this film has good characters with excellent performances from the cast . david strathairn is diabolically sincere as the child molesting salesman and danny vinson plays a perfect pussy  whipped southern husband . the slick soundtrack betrays the murder ballad tone of the film .  
i just finished watching this film and found it very enjoyable . it is a quiet  little film that doesn  t overwhelm you with special effects or  big  performances . it simply takes you into the lives of the people living in a small hamlet in the backwoods of north carolina .  br    br   henry thomas gives a good performance as raymond toker  a young loner who finds a baby abandoned in the woods . toker  s search for the baby  s parents takes him on a journey that will have a profound impact on his life . david srathairn plays truman lester  a slimy conman with an ulterior motive . and david plays the bad guy to perfection .  br    br   there is much more to this film than first meets the eye . filmed on location in north carolina and with a wonderful sound track of traditional music  it is worth watching .  
henry thomas was  great  . his character held my attention . i was so  into  the story that i forgot it wasn  t real . i wanted him to keep the baby and see what a special person he was . the other people in the story were essential in the makeup of his character . the way they banded together to help one another was truly awe inspiring . i love movies that show the real side of human emotions without having to hit you over the head  in that you are not smart enough to figure things out for yourself .  
this is one of the most interesting movies i have ever seen . i love the backwoods feel of this movie . the movie is very realistic and believable . this seems to take place in another era  maybe the late    s or early    s . henry thomas works well with the young baby . very moving story and worth a look .  
i saw this film last night on cable and it is extraordinary . what i love most about it is that it is understated and low  key  but deeply heartfelt . henry thomas   he played the child in e . t .  performance is masterfully inarticulate  he is supposed to be a man of few words  . david straithern is a wonderful crazy villain . and miraculously  given that we  re talking about a hollywood product here  a baby serves as a main character  but one who doesn  t act or have lines  but rather just is   is luminous at that  . interesting to note that thomas  mysterious relationship w . e . t . was the core of that film while his bond w . the baby serves as the core of  a good baby .   br    br   then there is the music   ah  what music   gillian welch  s tunes are wonderful  the entire score is gorgeous hill country music .  br    br   this film is wonderfully atmospheric . i recommend it highly .  
dark angel is a cross between huxley  s brave new world and percy  s love in the ruins   portraying the not too distant future as a disturbing mixture of chaos and order  both in the worst sense of the word . once one swallows the premise that all modern technology can be brought to a standstill by  the pulse   it provides an entertaining landscape for exploring the personalities of and relationships between the two primary characters   max  the dark angel  bike messenger  and logan  the rich rebel  . it seems uneven  perhaps a result of a variety of authors  but is held together by the energetic  beautiful  and charming jessica alba  who seems both strong and calloused yet vulnerable and sensitive . i think that fox has done it again .  
a sweet  natured young mountain man with a sad past  henry thomas  comes upon an abandoned baby girl in the woods and instantly falls in love with her . the town elders generally support him in keeping the child  though a local temptress  cara seymour  thinks little of the new family . a determined little girl on a long walk and a sinister travelling salesman  david strathairn at his creepiest  have parallel stories which converge in a fateful way . this is a charming slice  of  life in the ozarks in the same vein as  where the lillies bloom    the dollmaker  . all three were shot on location in those beautiful hills and cover the lives of simple  living   but not simple  minded   american folk . a minimum of strong language and brief but pointed violence make this fairly  safe family viewing .  
what another reviewer called lack of character development  i call understatement . the movie didn  t bash one over the head with overexplanation or unnecessary backstory . yes  there were many untold stories that we only got a glimpse of  but this was primarily a one  day snapshot into an event that catalyzed change in all of the characters  lives . henry thomas  s performance was a really lovely study in the power of acting that focuses on reaction rather than action . good rental .  
it  s cheesy  it  s creepy  it  s gross  but that  s what makes it so much fun . it  s got over the top melodramatic moments that are just plain laughable . this movie is great to make fun of . rent it for a good laugh .  br    br   the film centers around three women newscasters  during a time way before cellphones . they go to a small town to cover a festival  but they can  t get a room to stay the night . and that  s when they meet ernest keller . he  s creepy in a psycho kind of way . and he offers to let them stay at his home . but he doesn  t tell them the truth about who lives there .  br    br   stephen furst  s performance is so amazing as  the unseen   that he really carries this film . most of the movie is kind of dull  although finding out the truth of ernest  s family is kind of interesting .  br    br   just seeing this cast in these scenes makes it worth a look . barbara bach and doug barr make nice eye candy .  br    br   i consider the movie an old gem  hard to find and worth a look .  
this is a long lost horror gem starring sydney lassick   carrie  and others  and barbara bach . it is sometimes difficult to locate a copy of this film but it  s worth it . this film is creepy yet cheesy at the same time . it seems that  young newswomen  karen  vicky  and jennifer  travel to the small city of solvang  california to cover a festival when a mix  up occurs involving their hotel room and they seek refuge at the home of earnest keller  lassick  and his strange wife virginia . vickie stays behind  feeling ill  as the other  are off to film their story . she is soon murdered at the house  in a very cheesy way by some unknown force hiding in the ventilation system  she is decapitated by the closing cover of the vent as it comes crashing down on her while she is being tugged through and into the basement  . soon karen returns and she is murdered in an even more brutal fashion by having her face rammed through the vent cover . jennifer is fighting with her  ex   lover in a rather boring sub plot and when she returns home  her hosts  whom by now we have discovered are brother and sister and that whatever it is that is in the basement is their son  devise a plot to try to murder her as well . virgina does not totally agree with earnest  s plan to murder jennifer but she is tricked into going into the basement where she meets junior . here the film turns almost comic as junior  portrayed hysterically by stephen furst  is a deformed  mentally deficient  manchild whose actions and motions will cause a few chuckles even though it  s supposed to be scary . this is where the pace of the film picks up and the ending is well done . the actors  actresses do a terrific job with the material especially lassick  furst  and bach and although it  s not the most horrifying film ever made it is highly entertaining   
three girls  an all  female media  crew  including cult  actress barbara bach  no less  visiting a small town to cover a festival  end up renting rooms in a house they should have avoided like the plague . well  made little shocker  suffering a bit from some redundant dialogue  scenes and a rather thin plot  line  that doesn  t do very well in hiding its secrets  . one underlying theme in particular is quite disturbing  as in vintage shock  material   and this is basically what the film thrives on . performances  cinematography are pretty much above par  compared to many other late    s  early    s films in the same vein   but what really makes me recommend this film is the fairly long climax  scene in the basement  setting . from the moment that  keller junior  character was introduced  his performance made my jaw drop open and it didn  t close until the end of the film . a very pleasant surprise to see actor sydney lassick  who was funnily wacko in  one flew over the cuckoo  s nest   and now utterly demented in  the unseen   take on one of the leading roles .  
the unseen is done in a style more like old hollywood mysteries than a horror show . the film is somewhat slow but lots of bizarre imagery keeps it the film alive and watchable . the basic idea of young girls stalked by something in the basement is old  but good acting and production make the movie worth watching . the movie is notable for its emotional impact and certainly not for any explicit action or special effects . i rated it an  out of   .  
it  s true that danny steinmann  s  the unseen  is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot  no particular attempts for twists or surprises whatsoever and featuring literally every single clich the genre has brought forward over the decades  but that doesn  t necessarily make it a bad film . on the contrary  my friends and i were pleasantly surprised by this obscure but nevertheless intense little    s shock  feature that mainly benefices from a handful of brutal images and a downright brilliant casting . the beautiful and ambitious reporter jennifer fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a little californian town to shoot a documentary on the anniversary festival  but their hotel forgot to register their booking . in their search for a place to stay  the trio runs into the exaggeratedly friendly but suspicious museum curator ernest keller who invites the girls to stay at his remote countryside mansion . one by one the girls experience that keller and his extremely introvert and submissive sister victoria hide a dark and murderous secret inside their house .  the unseen  can easily be described as a cheap and ultimately perverse amalgamation of the horror classics  psycho  and  the texas chainsaw massacre  . the plot is a series of familiar themes that became notorious and endlessly imitated due to these two films  like twisted family secrets in the cellar  voyeurism  crazed inbred killers and a very unappetizing treatment of chickens . still  i don  t consider these to be negative remarks  as  the unseen  is a completely unpretentious and modestly unsettling thriller that clearly never intended to be the greatest horror classic of the decade . although the denouement of the plot is pretty clear quite fast  director steinmann attempts to maintain the mystery by keeping the evil present in the house  unseen  like the title promised . the casting choices and acting performances are truly what lift this sleeper above the level of mediocre . sydney lassick  immortalized since his role as the overly anxious psychiatric patient charley cheswick in  one flew over the cuckoo  s nest  is truly the ideal choice for the role of ernest keller . his persistent friendliness and almost naturally perverted appearance are exactly what the character needed . also stephen furst  who eventually turns from the unseen into the seen  gives away a tremendous performance as  junior  . he looks and acts like an authentic handicapped man and his attempts to get close to jennifer in the basement are genuinely unnerving .  the unseen  is a slow and predictable but nevertheless potent early    s film that will certainly appeal to fans of    s exploitation and generally weird stuff .  
gorgeous barbara bach plays jennifer fast  a television reporter who travels with her crew  karen lamm and lois young  to solvang  california  to cover a danish festival . the problem is that their accommodations have fallen through and all hotels in town are full . so they travel out of town to a remote location and take advantage of the hospitality of the seemingly friendly ernest keller  a phenomenal sydney lassick  . wouldn  t you know it  ernest and meek partner virginia  lelia goldoni  are hiding a big secret in their cellar pitiable  deformed  diaper  clad  junior   stephen furst  in a remarkable performance  who ultimately terrorizes the girls .  br    br   a deliciously unhinged lassick plays the true monster in this disturbing little horror movie . it builds slowly but surely to an intense confrontation  climax  delivering the horror in small doses until the final half hour . the hotel and the foreboding cellar  large echoes of  psycho  here  are great settings . most of all  the perverse plot involves incest and patricide  allowing the movie to take on a truly dark quality . and yet it also becomes poignant as we realize junior is no one  dimensionally evil bogeyman but as much a victim as the girls . the final shot is especially sad .  br    br    the unseen  is a solid little horror flick worthy of discovery .  br    br        
get this film if at all possible . you will find a really good performance by barbara bach  beautiful cinematography of a stately  and incredibly clean  but creepy old house  and an unexpected virtuoso performance by   the unseen  . i picked up a used copy of this film because i was interested in seeing more of bach  whom i  d just viewed in  the spy who loved me .  i love really classically beautiful actresses and appreciate them even more if they can act a little . so we start with a nice fresh premise . tv reporter bach walks out on boyfriend and goes to cover a festival in a california town  solvang  that celebrates its swedish ancestry by putting on a big folk festival . she brings along a camerawoman  who happens to be her sister  and another associate .  the late karen lamm plays bach  s sister  and if you know who the celebrities are that each of these ladies is married to  it is just too funny watching bach  mrs . ringo starr  and lamm  mrs . dennis wilson  going down the street having a sisterly quarrel .   anyway  bach  s disgruntled beau follows her to solvang  as he  s not done arguing with her . there  s a lot of feeling still between them but she doesn  t wanna watch him tear himself up anymore about his down  the  drain football career . the ladies arrive in solvang to do the assignment for their station  only to find their reservations were given away to someone else .  maybe to bach  s boyfriend  because think of it  where  s he gonna stay   . the gals ask around but there is just nowhere to go . mistakenly trying to get into an old hotel which now serves only as a museum  they catch the interest of proprietor mr . keller  the late sidney lassick   who decides to be a gentleman and lodge them at his home  insisting his wife will be happy to receive them . oh no  next thing we know keller is making a whispered phone call to his wife  warning her that company  s coming and threatening that she  d better play along . trouble in paradise  the ladies are eager to settle in and get back to solvang to shoot footage and interview swedes  but one of the girls doesn  t feel good . bach and lamm leave her behind  wondering to themselves about mrs . keller  played heartbreakingly by pretty lelia goldoni  who looks like she just lost her best pal . speaking of which  under  the  weather vicki slips off her clothes and gets into a nice hot tub  not realizing that keller has crept into her room to inspect the keyhole . she hears him  thinks he  s come to deliver linen  and calls out her thanks . lassick did a great job in this scene expressing the anguish of a fat old peeping tom who didn  t get a long enough look . after he  s left  poor vicki tumbles into bed for a nap but gets yanked out of it real fast  in a really decent  frightening round of action  by something big that has apparently crept up through a grille on the floor  the unseen  lamm comes home next  bach is out finishing an argument with her beau  and can  t find anyone in the house . she knocks over a plate of fruit in the kitchen  and  on hands and knees to collect it  her hair and fashionable scarf sway temptingly over the black floor grille  attracting the unseen again  well  at about the time poor lamm is getting her quietus in the kitchen  we do a flashback into mr . keller  s past and get the full story of what his sick  sadistic background really is and why his wife doesn  t smile much . bach finally gets home and wants to know where her friends are . meanwhile  lassick has been apprised of the afternoon  s carnage by his weeping wife and decides he can  t let bach off the premises to reveal the secret of his home . he tempts her down into the basement where the last act of the keller family tragedy finally opens to all of us .  br    br   i cannot say enough for stephen furst  whom i  d never seen before it  s obvious that he did his homework for this role  studying the methods of communication and expression of the brain damaged bach and goldoni  each in their diverse way  just give the movie luster . not only that  but movie winds up with a satisfying resolution . no stupid cheap tricks  eyeball  rolling dialog or pathetically cut corners . . . a real treat for your collection .  
los angeles tv news reporter jennifer  the beautiful barbara bach of  the spy who loved me  fame  and her two assistants karen  the appealingly spunky karen lamm  and vicki  the pretty lois young  who not only gets killed first  but also bares her yummy bod in a tasty gratuitous nude bath scene  go to solvang  california to cover an annual danish festival . since all the local hotels are booked solid  the three lovely ladies are forced to seek room and board at a swanky  but foreboding remote mansion owned by freaky ernest keller  deliciously played to geeky perfection by the late  great sydney lassick  and his meek sister virginia  a solid lelia goldoni  . unfortunately  keller has one very nasty and lethal dark family secret residing in his dank basement a portly  pathetic  diapered  incest  spawned man  child mongoloid named junior  an alternately touching and terrifying portrayal by stephen furst flounder in  animal house    who naturally gets loose and wreaks some murderous havoc . capably directed by danny steinmann  with uniformly fine acting from a sturdy cast  a compellingly perverse plot  excellent make  up by craig reardon  a nicely creepy atmosphere  a wonderfully wild climax  a slow  but steady pace  likable well  drawn characters  and a surprisingly heart  breaking final freeze frame  the incest subplot packs an unexpectedly strong and poignant punch   this unjustly overlooked early    s psycho sleeper is well worth checking out .  
all the acting done in the first season has been really amazing . the first look you get of max and zach is through geneva locke and chris lazar or as i like to call them the minis . the minis do the best acting job that i have ever seen kids do . the main actors and actresses i . e . jessica alba michael weatherly etc . make you forget you are watching a fictional t . v . show they seem to make this show come alive . all in all this is the best show i have ever watched  
upon the first viewing  i found this tale to be at least less annoying than other cannon movie tales . after many more  i think it  s one of the best . some of the songs are pretty bad  especially the love song  but two things stand out that make the movie  even the singing  worthwhile . one is the art direction . like the other cannon movie tales  this is a beautifully decorated period piece every piece of cloth and jewel  both of which have major parts in this movie  s plot  look fresh and new  and contrast with the plain clothes of the peasants . even during the love song i find myself studying the dress and hair of the princess  wonderfully done . the other thing is the comic timing . a lot of the movie is cheesy  but the emperor  s vanity  and his making fun of himself in the end   the suspicious guard  the guard chasing nicholas  and the stupid prince  were all quite funny and seem to be ridiculous quite on purpose . and the sequence during the song weave  o makes up for the songs that weren  t so good .  
simply put  this is the best movie to come out of michigan since . . . well  ever  evil dead eat your heart out  hatred of a minute was some of the oddest  and best cinema to be seen by this reviewer in a long time . i recommend this movie to anyone who is in need of a head trip  or a good case of the willies   
  hatred of a minute  is a hauntingly beautiful film . a psychological thriller that takes you on a journey through the nightmare that is the life of a serial killer  eric seaver . strong performances and excellent cinematography make this film a  must see  for any film student or horror fan . the realness of the story and the human side of eric separate this film from other psycho killer movies . some shout outs to the film  s producer  bruce campbell as well as to the film  the evil dead  add some humor for anyone that knows the genre .  
michael kallio gives a strong and convincing performance as eric seaver  a troubled young man who was horribly mistreated as a little boy by his monstrous  abusive  alcoholic stepfather barry  a genuinely frightening portrayal by gunnar hansen  . eric has a compassionate fianc  sweetly played by the lovely tracee newberry  and a job transcribing autopsy reports at a local morgue . haunted by his bleak past  egged on by the bald  beaming jack the demon  a truly creepy michael robert brandon   and sent over the edge by the recent death of his mother  eric goes off the deep end and embarks on a brutal killing spree . capably directed by kallio  who also wrote the tight  astute script   with uniformly fine acting by a sound no  name cast  jeff steiger is especially good as eric  s wannabe helpful guardian angel michael   rather rough  but overall polished cinematography by george lieber  believable true  to  life characters  jolting outbursts of raw  shocking and unflinchingly ferocious violence  a moody  spooky score by dan kolton  an uncompromisingly downbeat ending  grungy detroit  michigan locations  a grimly serious tone  and a taut  gripping narrative that stays on a steady track throughout  this extremely potent and gritty psychological horror thriller makes for often absorbing and disturbing viewing . a real sleeper .  
i thought i should qualify my position after reading other reviews . the movie is not great  but it has a lot of great elements . the lighting and scenes along with the camera work are great . the story is slow and weak  but entertaining . the acting is bad  but no worse than you will find on the syfy channel . the music is pretty good and the gore is good . it has the great leather face in the film and is produced by bruce campbell . i watched the complete movie and while mostly predictable  it was still enjoyable . the women are attractive enough and the lead actor does a good job of being brooding and creepy . the movie was remarkably clean for a modern film and the violence appropriate for children   and up . there was no sex scenes . i gave it  out of   and i think that is fair . i would watch it again if i had nothing better to do . the gay sounding angel was the most annoying aspect of the film  the devil is quite creepy .  
  hatred of a minute  is arguably one of the better films to come out of michigan in recent years . not to say that it  s a brilliant film by any means  but it  s definitely worth a watch .  br    br    hatred  chronicles the sordid adventures of eric seaver  played by director kallio   a formerly abused child now grown up  and starting to listen to his evil side .  br    br    hatred  is very nice visually . the shots are creative  and the lighting is approporiately moody and interesting to look at . this film actually has an element of production value to it  unlike other recent michigan releases like  dark tomorrow  and  biker zombies .  subtle dolly shots and stylized shot composition show good use of this film  s         budget .  br    br   however   hatred  stumbles in the same places that so many other local films do  and that  s in the story and character department . essentially  things just kind  of happen . eric seaver doesn  t evolve at all . basically  he  s always been crazy  it  s just that people are starting to notice . the film just wanders along its merry way with very little development . also  the ending is very abrupt .  br    br   however  since this is a horror film  since when do we care about plot  we just want to see people die  and  hatred  certainly delivers . as the body count mounted  people in the theater started cheering  kill her  kill em  all   when people scream back at the screen  it  s always fun .  br    br   that  s the place where  hatred  succeeds . it  s fun . and in the end  that  s all that really matters .  
this is a decent little flick made in michigan  about a guy that is haunted by his past  with his abusive stepfather  gunnar hansen  and has grown up not  so  well  adjusted . in fact  he  s absolutely bonkers  but tries not to be too obvious . he  s got an entourage too  his own little demon  angel that follow him around . the demon never says a word but really  doesn  t have to  and he  s max schreck  creepy . let  s just say that the angel pretty much spins his wheels in this  as eric is busy doing things that make him feel better  like  freeing  people that he decides need it  mostly beautiful young women . this is a decent portrayal of madness  and you  re kind of on your own at some point to figure out some of what  s going on  but overall  i watched this from start to finish very focused on the film because it definitely held my interest . it  s a little lacking in some areas but nothing i can really lay my finger on . a decent effort and worth seeing if you like serial killer flicks .  
so what constitutes a real independent film  in a day and age where the latest fad of mainstream hollywood is to appear rugged and cutting edge  i  m sorry to say that what the general public tends to perceive as independent film is usually nothing more than a clever marketing ploy .  br    br   which is why we should be glad that films like  hatred of a minute  exist . across the board  this film makes a point out of contradicting its own template  indie horror film  . love it or hate it   hatred  isn  t afraid of being what it is  and in watching this film  you get the real sense that kallio  the director  didn  t just make this film to spray fake blood all over the place  he  s in this to tell stories . good ones . you may find this film in the horror film section of your video store  but don  t be fooled  this story is also about love  about good people pushed over the edge  and that oh  so  distant light at the end of the tunnel .  br    br   if you expect smut  or an evil dead ripoff  stay away from this film . but if you dig the finer points of the horror  suspense genres  check this film out .  br    br   yes . bruce campbell did produce this movie  and i  m sure he  s proud to tell anyone that it  s not  evil dead  . bruce has never tried to bank on his  ash  image  and it  s obvious that he didn  t get involved with  hatred  so that it could do so either .  br    br   my advice  though  to all dead  ites rabidly devouring anything issued by mr . campbell is to check this film out anyway and see what else mr . kallio and mr . campbell are trying to show you .  br    br   the acting is well done  although nothing about this film is oscar caliber  perhaps intentionally   it  s good to see compassionate performances in a horror film . so often  actors in films such as these don  t even seem to try  with  hatred   it seemed as though all the actors took thier charecters very seriously  never resorting to typical horror  film campiness .  br    br   technically   hatred  is about as competent as indie film gets . the editing is fast paced  the cinematography is good given the budget  and  hatred  keeps a quick pace  without any bog  down points or bad anti  climaxes .  br    br   all in all  hatred may not have the glossed over look of all those multi  million dollar fake indies  but personally  i don  t see a problem with that . it  s a film by folks who actually care about the medium . people who reached into thier broke ass pockets  pulled out thier nickles and dimes  threw caution to the wind and made a damn good movie .  br    br   check this one out .  
despite the occasionally stilted acting and  seen  it  all  before  story  this is a fairly compelling movie .  br    br   it has suspense  the scenes with the demon are actually pretty creepy  some of the visual effects are superb and best of all  no ridiculously ill placed humour to detract from the film  as too many  wannabe  horror films have in them now  br    br   honestly  this isn  t the greatest film ever made  but it actually draws you in and at least makes an attempt at character development  br    br   i was glad i watched it  
michigan  edgar allen poe  a toaster  and a frying pan . . . if you don  t mind the psycho  thriller or horror film genre  and you have a special place in your heart for the twisted  this is the movie for you . an amazingly well developed first film   hatred of a minute  has all the draw of mainstream hits like  silence of the lambs  and of cult classics like  army of darkness .  the editing and effects are well done  better than many films in the genre . kallio weaves an intricate tale of torment drawing on both the bible and poe  s writings . at a time when big budget  big name films lack much in the way of substance  the independent film has resurrected this dying trait . if you love michigan  a good story  or a decent thriller go check out  hatred of a minute .   
i think this show is definitely the greatest show . jessica alba does such a great job in it . michael weatherly also does an awesome job  as well as the rest of the cast . the show is very intriguing and they have wonderful storylines and their stunts are amazing . it  s like watching a   hour movie . it  s definitely worth watching .  
i think it unfortunate that the leading comments on this movie include the words  clueless and appalling nonsense .  i think it is a very funny movie and excellent entertainment . one has to suspend one  s disbelief that a homosexual man and a lesbian woman could fall in love  have a child and live together happily ever after . but it is always wonderful to see it played out in a movie and have one  s heart warmed . is it so impossible  there are far more implausible events described in other movies . the acting is good  the script is funny . the only negative comment is that the story could well have ended when the family drives away from its initial house instead of extending on to explore whether the man retains any residual homosexuality .  
this film was seen by my wife and i when it came out in     . it was a revelation to us . we actually thought that we were the only gay and lesbian couple who had ever married and had children . obviously we were wrong . love may come from where you don  t expect it and maybe don  t want it . but we both chose that love anyway .  br    br   and no  it never changed our sexual orientation . that kind of stuff is for the christian wackos .  br    br   when we were young we both had affairs  but never with the opposite sex . as we aged we stopped having extramarital affairs .  br    br   this story is not far fetched . however  the suggestion that they became heterosexuals seems pretty unrealistic to me . my wife and i have been sleeping together for the last   years . we are still gay . end of story .  
this is a film for entertainment i did not think the world made social commentary from one small film . i personally find this film funny  audacious  and memorable . it is a fantasy not unlike a cinder girl becoming a princess . this film was done very well i might add  in the    s a time of the best experiments in film with being able to mention a person  s sexuality . this movie is not about a person being homosexual or not  it is however about love  in all it  s strange forms . this film does show some of the realities of being gay in the    s in hollywood  or in california . pretty boys being looked after by older not so pretty men . women who had to stay deeply locked in the emotional closet or risk not having a career . bathhouses were an integral part of the gay community .  br    br   then the fantasy begins   let us mix a lesbian with a gay and add some liquor and what do we have  well this movie  which in any way was better than that dismal redo  the next big thing  . perhaps someone should have asked the entire crew to see this movie and then try to do better .  br    br   i enjoyed this movie when i saw it in the    s and it still brings a smile to my lips now . i heartily advise anyone who wants a funny  tender movie  to curl up with some popcorn and have some fun . some people need to lighten up    and this is the film you should do it with   br    br    
this movie is as unique as it is overlooked . . . . . . a different story is just that  it shows how out of the need to survive or maintain  one can find the capacity to love if you have an open heart as well as an open mind . i first saw this on cable in the late    s and it truly depicted the limitations of the gay community at the time . i believe this movie was ahead of its time in depicting a little slice of an obscure way of life . it is truly a classic in the sense that it was a precursor to what is now depicted as the extended family . this film should be available on dvd  vhs so that not only the extra ordinary performances of meg foster  perry king can be acknowledged  but to show how far we have come  still have to go where relationships are concerned .  
in order to stop her homosexual friend albert  perry king  from being deported back to belgium  stella  meg foster  decides to marry him . the only other problem with that is that stella herself is a lesbian . the two have their separate lives when one night after albert  s birthday party  they fall into bed and then into love . later in the film after falling in love  stella suspects albert of cheating and shows up at his job one night late after closing . what she finds will leave the viewer stunned . this is a great film  very original . perry king and meg foster are so good in their roles that it is amazing that they were not better recognized for their work here . very controversial upon its release in      the  r  rated film is now  pg  in this much more liberal time .  br    br   recently released on dvd  the disc contains a  making of  segment on the special features and in it it  s stated that the film was based on an actual story so the viewers who say the film is not  real  are mistaken . everyone is an individual and different people fall in love for different reasons  these are the issues explored in this wonderful film for everyone who has ever loved   
i appreciated the photography  the textures  the colours and often  unlike one comment  the lighting . what was lacking for me was a coherent storyline . i found it often disjointed  badly edited and at times difficult to follow . my version was    minutes  imdb shows one at    m . possibly the cuts and subtitles didn  t help . i applaud any films that escape from the hollywood mould but this left me disappointed . miss gillain was luminous and the performances were all fine  i just wanted a little more dialogue . if anyone would like to see another film that has some affinity with this one  try  hideous kinky  with kate winslet .  
this story is a complex and wonderful tale of the last harem of the ottoman empire  well told and provoking we see the inner workings of a world now gone  and learn about the people who lived there .  br    br   i enjoyed the story  characters  acting and scenes . a few scenes suffered from quick editing and the sub titles sometimes disappeared too quickly  otherwise a wonderful piece .  br    br   the main character safiya is played wonderfully by marie gillain who i am pleased to say did a fantastic job without over doing it . the scenes with her and alex descas  nadir  are charming and lovely .  br    br   i recommend this film for anybody looking to watch something less hollywood and more authentic to the world they are emulating .  
harem suare is the best film i saw in the year     . bravo ferzan ozpetek . sensually shot and stunningly portrayed  harem suare is a bold film that tackles interracial romance  which is such a taboo in hollywood . women of all shapes  sizes  and color  populate the film . cut off from the outside world  the women entertain each other by telling stories about intrigue  rivalry and jealousies within their ranks .  
when i think about this movie  all the adjectives that come to mind somehow relate to the physical appreciation of the world . texture  smell  color  that  s how i think this movie should be judged in terms of . see the rich golden tones surrounding the young concubine asleep by the fireplace  or the sweltering turkish bath  and let it flood your senses with impressions of spice  coarse cloth  smooth skin  scented oils  flickering flames  satin rustle . don  t just watch and listen  be absorbed  let the droning voice of the storyteller mesmerize you .  
dolph lundgren is back  detention marks dolphs first film in nearly  years  and that is following the delayed hidden agenda . this film still marks an improvement for dolph over his cheapie trilogy of jill rips  agent red and stormcatcher . however this film is well below the standard of hidden agenda  which was better in almost every respect . what this film does have in it  s favour from dolph  s previous outing  is a sense of cheesy fun . the film also has a rejuvenated dolph back in a high action role  and it  s good to see dolph doing his own stunts again .  br    br   the films story is ludicrous and prime b  movie material . an ex  military man is now a teacher and on his last day of teaching  whilst taking a detention class  he runs into some slovakian bad guys who have taken over the school to use as cover for a big drug deal . the film has no originality but in a movie of this type you need to have a sense of fun with all the cliches . if you take it too seriously the audience will find little to enjoy . thankfully the filmmakers don  t take matters too seriously and along with all the action cliches you can think of and the predictability  this film has a so bad it  s enjoyable kind of vibe .  br    br   where the film is let down is miss  using a fairly decent budget . the budget of around   million has not been well spent . it  s all up on screen with plenty of carnage and big explosions but a lot of the shootouts lack imagination . the opening action is okay but after that the good moments become more sparse . there are some good moments . you have a car careering through school hallways for example and a decent shootout at the beginning  with plenty of destruction . the rest of the shootouts are fairly mechanical but there is plenty going on onscreen .  br    br   as for the cast . hidden agenda boasted the best cast dolph has worked with in ages . there was a good standard of actors for a dtv film . this however has problems . the actors are on the most part bad . the bad guys are terrible  but the lead bad guy has a kind of enjoyable cheesiness because alex karsis plays it so over the top and without the hint of any menace that you can laugh at the pure badness . the teenagers of the piece are actually good but they are playing such cliched characters . they all hate authority  each other and all have bad attitudes and of course by the end they learn important life lessons  but generally they are decent and chris collins in particular has a likeability . this movie is all about dolph though . while this film is nowhere near his best  it is nowhere near his worst . it also marks a turning point in his career . he is now back in good shape  and will be in even better shape in his next film direct action . dolph looks enthusiastic here  he does all his own stunts and it is good to see him play the typical action man  running from explosions in slow  mo  one liners  and handling large weapons  again in a movie like his older ones  albeit with less flair and imagination than cliched films like army of one . it is good to see dolph looking energised . his films of the last  or so years have seen dolph looking a little more weary  and using doubles a lot  he still does all the fights himself though  but the new streamlined dolph seems up for it .  br    br   overall this is watchable if only for the cheese value and dolph in prime action man mode . there  s not a single surprise but it has a laughably inept kind of charm .   
this is an absolute great show . jessica alba  besides being the most beautiful women in the world  is a great actress . she does a great job of portraying max  and i could never see anyone else doing that role . she is definitely one of a kind and absolutely gorgeous .  
this is a great entertaining action film in my opinion  with cool characters  lots of action  and an amazing performance from dolph lundgren  however alex karzis is awful as the villain  . the story is very good  and i found the kids to be likable for the most part  plus dolph lundgren is simply amazing in this  . the action scenes are excellent  and it  s almost like die hard except it  s set in a school   plus kata dob is very menacing and sexy as the sidekick  . the finale is very exciting  and it has a couple of cool emotional moments as well   however i just wished it had another villain  because alex karzis just didn  t cut it as the villain way too ott  and laughable for my tastes . this should be higher then  .  in my opinion  as i thought it was a great action film  and while the kids  were very stupid at times  they got quite resourceful as the movie went along   plus the shootouts were pretty cool as well  . the ending is very amusing  and corey sevier  s character was my favorite student   plus dolph has still got it  . this is a great entertaining action film in my opinion  with cool characters  lots of action  and an amazing performance from lundgren   but alex karzis is awful as the villain  still i highly recommend this one  . the direction is very good  . sidney j . furie does a very good job here with great camera work  good angles  and keeping the film at a very fast pace  . there is a bit of blood and violence . we get lots of extremely bloody gunshot wounds  knife in the side of the head  bloody arrow hits  an impaling  and other minor stuff . the acting is fantastic  . dolph lundgren is amazing as always  and is amazing here  he is extremely likable  kicks that ass as usual  had great chemistry with the kids  had an awesome character  is very charismatic  and he may not have shown a great emotional rage  he still was a hell of a lot of fun to watch   he is one of my favorite actors   lundgren rules       . alex karzis is god awful as the villain  he is laughably ott  was boring  and not menacing at all  he also annoyed the crap out of me . kata dob is very sexy as the side kick and did fine with what she had to do  she was the real villain in my opinion  . corey sevier is funny as mick  he was my favorite student  and i really started to warm up to him in the  nd half  i liked him a lot   he had good chemistry with dolph too . dov tiefenbach  willy   chris collins  hogie   mpho koaho  jay tee   danielle hampton  alicia   nicole dicker  charlee  all do great as the students . jennifer baxter is very cute and is good as the fiance . rest of the cast do fine . overall i highly recommend this one  .     out of   
this dolph lundgren vehicle is a fun die hard throwback action flick  it isn  t going to win any awards and its not very original but it delivers the goods you would want to see from a dolph lundgren movie . our man dolph is an ex soldier who is now a teacher at a tough inner city high school and when it gets taken over by terrorists its up to him to save the day . sure the script isn  t going to win any oscars its good fun and it has its fair share eplosive action . dolph lundgren gives a good enough performance but he comes alive more in the action scenes  and the rest of the cast are not the best actors but they hold it well . all in all detention is an enjoyable action flick  but youv  e seen it a million times before .  
i just viewed detention last night and i liked what i saw . it was a cool fun movie . dolph looked superbly cool on the bike . he also looked good in this movie as compared to his other recent movies . he is now in a pretty good shape . the story was ok and the other actors were also passable . i wouldn  t call this movie his best but its still a good movie .  br    br   but it also had its share of problems . the first one was the way bullets were flying everywhere and even when they were being fired at point blank range they missed the target . they should  ve had shown the ppl escaping the bullets in a better way . another problem which i had was the way the students were swearing . i dont know in which school the students can swear in front of their teacher and even in the classroom . the third problem was that the bad guys were very few in numbers . there should  ve been more bad guys . last problem was definately the fact that the set looked cheesy  but that was due to the small budget . overall the movie was a good movie . i enjoyed it . i would recommend others to watch it . p . s . now u r a dead beat cop .  some one  liners were also cool   br    br    
there has been a political documentary  of recent vintage  called why we fight  which tries to examine the infamous military industrial complex and its grip on this nation . it is considered both polemical and incisive in making its case against both that complex and the war fiasco we are currently involved in in iraq . yet  a far more famous series of films  with the same name  was made during world war two  by hollywood director frank capra . although considered documentaries  and having won oscars in that category  this series of seven films is really and truly mere agitprop  more in the vein of leni reifenstal  s triumph of the will  scenes of which capra recycles for his own purposes . that said  that fact does not mean it does not have vital information that subsequent generations of world war two documentaries  such as the bbc  s lauded the world at war  lacked  nor does that mean that its value as a primary source is any the less valuable . they are skillfully made  and after recently purchasing some used dvds at a discount store  i found myself with the opportunity to select a free dvd with my purchase . i chose goodtimes dvd  s four dvd collection of the series .  br    br   rarely has something free been so worth invaluable . while there are no extras on the dvds  and the sound quality of the prints varies  these films provide insight into the minds of americans two thirds of a century ago  when racism was overt  as in many of the classic warner brothers pro  war cartoons of the era   and there was nothing wrong with blatant distortion of facts . the seven films  produced between     and      are prelude to war  the nazis strike  divide and conquer  the battle of britain  the battle of russia  the battle of china  and war comes to america .  br    br   overall  the film series is well worth watching  not only for the obvious reasons  but for the subtle things it reveals  such as the use of the plural for terms like x millions when referring to dollars  rather than the modern singular  or the most overused graphic in the whole series  a japanese sword piercing the center of manchuria . yet  it also shows the complexities of trying to apply past standards to current wars . the lesson of world war one  avoid foreign entanglements  was not applicable to world war two  whose own lesson  act early against dictatorships  has not been applicable in the three major wars america has fought since korea  vietnam  nor iraq . the fact that much of this series teeters on the uncertainties of the times it was made in only underscores its historic value in today  s information  clogged times . it may not help you sort out the truth from the lies and propaganda of today  but at least you  ll realize you are not the first to be in such a tenuous position  nor will you be the last .  
the second of the why we fight series concentrates on hitler  s grab of the sudetanland and beyond as he makes a chump out of neville chamberlain and embarks on his conquest of europe .  br    br   clearly meant as propaganda in its day this series over the test of time has become an informative documentary as well with most of the  allied bias  turning out to be historical fact . the fuhrer hoists himself on his own petard with smug pronouncements before his people and the world as he says one thing and does another as his army moves east . the czechs and austrians quickly capitulate but the poles put up an heroic struggle against overwhelming odds .  br    br   the disparity between hitler  s military might and chamberlain waving the munich treaty like a white flag  declaring  peace in our time  to this day has durable propaganda qualities . here in its original context it resonates even more powerfully as the darkness of world war ll sets in on europe leaving the american viewer with two options  freedom or slavery . in     there was no evading this simple truth and the nazis strike makes its point effectively .  
adolf hitler  s maniacal desire to impose his will on the rest of the world is the subject of this second in a seven part series of films produced by the u . s . war department as an instructional tool for new soldiers entering the armed forces during world war ii . hitler  s plan was methodical and well conceived  starting with the conquest of eastern europe  expanding to the european heartland  then moving on to the  world island  consisting of europe  asia and africa . his final move would be to reach across the oceans for the ultimate conquest of the americas and the world .  br    br   in      hitler ordered national conscription  as the rest of the country fell under his evil spell . grade school children sang his praises  and young german boys received training and indoctrination in military camps . marching unopposed into austria in      hitler followed by annexing a strip of land bordering germany and czechoslovakia called sudetenland . in      hitler took all of czechoslovakia . later in the year  the world was stunned to learn that germany signed a non  aggression pact with it  s mortal enemy russia  a ploy to delay hitler  s military involvement on too many fronts . immediately after  germany invaded poland  bringing hitler  s conquest right to russia  s doorstep . he would deal with her later .  br    br   it was during this period that britain still declined to oppose hitler  s thrust across europe . prime minister neville chamberlain felt he procured a great victory for his country by accepting a treaty with germany  his infamous declaration stating  peace in our time  . it didn  t turn out that way .  br    br   the most fascinating information to be learned in this installment  at least to me  was provided by a small snippet of footage from a german pro hitler rally in the mid     s . it was led by a german american taking his cue directly from the homeland . the venue  madison square garden   
this great film is composed mostly of documentary footage is currently contained on a dvd along with prelude to war . the great american filmmaker and story teller frank capra made these films which simply and clearly call attention to the main points that caused world war ii and hitler  s rise .  br    br   every school child  nay  every american should watch these films today because they are so apropos . history has been repeating itself over and over again  the lord chamberlains are still alive and kicking the tactics used by the nazis of infiltrating countries through sympathizers and then the communists and now by muslim terrorist groups  are still working to these evil group  s advantage .  br    br   by sitting back and letting hitler as early as     be aggressive  france  america and england caused over   million people  s deaths . americans  french and british today would happily let hitler do exactly the same thing despite the fact that we should have learned from history what happens when you let dictators break treaties .  br    br   these great films may be too simplistic for world war ii history buffs . they don  t tell the horrors that the soviet union caused simply because at the time america was teamed up with them  fighting hitler . this film does tell the plain facts and motives that led to the terrible war .  
i can  t understand what it is that fans of the genre didn  t like about this film . it was truly a lot of fun . the special effects were wonderful . i generally agree with reviews and with imdb voters  but not this time . i waited until it came to home video which i felt was another reason that i wouldn  t enjoy the film . i believe special effects films need to be seen on the big screen  but again this was not the case . to me the film begs comparison to two films that were released around the same time . blair witch and the mummy . both films that i thought were terrible . blair was probably the most overrated horror film of all time . the mummy made gobs of money and it was pure dreck . people liked it for it  s special effects . films like the mummy and the haunting are not rich in character development  they are more like funhouse rides . well with that analogy the mummy was a b ticket to the haunting  s e  ticket .  
what can i say that hasn  t been said about  the haunting   it has everything that would make a great picture . wonderful sets  moody music  and sound design to die for were all in place . the screenplay  though  sometimes boggles the mind in such a weird  surrealistic way . the entire team must have forgotten to read it through  maybe because they were too busy creating cg effects and building gothic sets to notice how weak the plot was . each member of the cast gives a worthy performance  although with little conviction to the material at hand . lili taylor has the most to do while the others mostly react to her . but that  s about it . all i can say is that it was a slightly enjoyable two hours  but you will definitely want more . a lot more .  
what can i say about it  it  s another hollywood  s horror flick with very high budget    million dollars  . not scary at all  it offers us only a few thrills and one really creepy sequence with skeleton in the fireplace . a lot of computer generated special effects and nothing more . catherine zeta  jones is beautiful as always  lili taylor is also a good actress . the architecture of the hill house is amazing  all these monuments  statues  furniture . . . delicious  however i don  t like the ending because it was so luscious . check this one out and form your own opinion on it . i give this picture  out of   .  
i just got puzzled why damn fox canceled the season  although season  was not as good as season  which is excellent indeed    i like it so much that i even thinking about buying dvd on amazon .  failed     i am a chinese student and it  s inconvenient for me to get a international credit card and   . i just hope fox can bring back da someday somehow   
i rented this movie this past weekend  cranked up the surround sound system  and got some great sound from special affects . this movie is a great movie rental  the special affects where enough to scare my fiance  but i noticed some looked suprisingly computer generated . i didn  t go to the movies and see this  but its a scary late night don  t feel like going out movie . i would recommend it   
some films just simply should not be remade . this is one of them . in and of itself it is not a bad film . but it fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the     film of the same title . liam neeson was excellent as he always is  and most of the cast holds up  with the exception of owen wilson  who just did not bring the right feel to the character of luke . but the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the shirley jackson story in it  s attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects . again i will say that in and of itself it is not a bad film . but you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more .  
i don  t know why the critics trashed this movie . i hardly ever agree with them anyway .  br    br   the movie could have been a little scarier  i don  t usually go to horror movies  i even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime . i needn  t have bothered     the cinema was full of kids too  heh    . . . liam was great as always . i also liked catharine zeta jones  theo  and lili taylor  eleanor  nell   br    br   the house was very gothic and beautiful in a spooky way . the special and sound effects were awesome . i also loved the music score  particularly the gentle tunes for eleanor and her journey to save the children  how she grew out of her stagnant routine and life and finally gain her power  peace and freedom .  
i know it is fashionable now to hate this movie . i have seen hundreds of spook films including he original     haunting as well as most of the hammer films . this film is not restrained and does not hold back at all which is probably why so many modern viewers seemed not to like it . yet many viewers can accept out of control films like scream because knife killers are more easy to believe for most people than demons or ghosts . actually this film had many great scenes and the acting and special effects were great . i have seen it   times now and it gets better every time . the director of this film has made a number of interesting and stylish films and was not trying for the type of realism of the  th sense . the haunting lets go and is certainly not boring . perhaps this film might appeal more to john carpenter fans but more of an traditional plot structure . the old haunting was also a fine film from     . it was even more scary . see both and also the innocents and the legend of hell house with pamela franklin .  
the haunting is a film that boasts a really creepy house  good effects work and sound work  a cast that seems to believe that everything around them is real and that house . there are scenes that make you jump  and the sinister aspects of what went on at hill house in the past  i found interesting . there are genuinely creepy moments in the film and i liked the way the ghosts manifested themselves in sheets  curtains and the house itself . jerry goldsmith  s score gave it the right atmosphere and the sound design had voices popping up around you . what i wish could  ve happened is for something a little more intense . jan de bont had a pg    rating to contend with and i think that he held back a little too much . poltergeist scared me silly when i saw it many years ago  and it still holds up . the haunting could  ve used a few more scenes of pure terror . the ending was for me  a little anticlimactic . overall  i enjoyed it . the acting is good and there are moments that make you jump . i just wish it scared me more .  
it seems to be a perfect day for swimming . a normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach . unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this  whereas the tide is rising . the woman  barbara stanwyck  takes the car and searches for help .  br    br   john sturges  short movie    minutes  is powerful because of unanswered questions . stanwyck finds a guy who could help  but there is a price she has to pay for this . there is a double question the movie poses . how far would you go to help the man that you love  and on the other hand  observing stanwyck  s behaviors towards the stranger  does she really love her husband  like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself .  
what a great barbara stanwyck film that i happened to see the other night .  jeopardy  was fantastic . it was made in     and probably for double bills but it kept me on the edge of my seat .  br    br   barbara stanwyck plays helen  who with husband doug  barry sullivan  and son  lee aaker  drive to an isolated fishing spot in mexico for a vacation . husband has a fall from the jetty and the only way he is to be saved is if barbara drives back to a garage for some rope .  br    br   while there she runs into a psychotic killer  ralph meeker  one of my favourites  and what follows is a game of cat and mouse as barbara tries everything in her power to get meeker to come back with her to free her husband .  br    br   the film was so suspenseful and such a surprise  i was not expecting such a great film . but i suppose i should have realized  is there anything barbara stanwyck does that is anything less than wonderful   
jeopardy has the feel of being a stock movie of sorts  one of the movies that the studios pumped out inbetween big budget  box office ones . it  s a mere   minutes and doesn  t feature many sets  and the only star is barbara stanwyck . but what a star  of course .  br    br   stanwyck is a tough lady once again as she runs into an escaped convict while seeking help for her trapped husband in the mexican desert . the majority of the movie is focused on how she deals with her captor  who wants her to submit to him in exchange for his help . some psychological battling there .  br    br   it  s a surprisingly effective little movie  its short length makes it taut  and that stanwyck is great should go without mention  but i  ll still praise her every time  .  
the only time i have seen this movie was when i was   years old . i have remembered it all of these years as i couldn  t sleep for a week or more after seeing it . it just absolutely rattled me . i was on vacation with my aunts in ft . worth  texas and i will never forget it . now    years later  my daughter is trying to get a copy of this for me to view as an adult . it has taken a lot of research to find out what movie it was but i always remembered that barbara stanwyck was in it and finally was able to get the name and reviews on it . i very much enjoyed it  but it gave me quite a scare  jaqui  
  i like cheap perfume better it doesn  t last as long . . .   ralph meeker  s convict character  lawson  tells this to barbara stanwyck  s helen character  after he gets a whiff of the perfume that she picked out w  her husband in tijuana . . .  this line cracked me up  and also seemed like a metaphor for this film  that cheap is better than expensive  because a cheap perfume  loving man who has a way with a  x  is a better man to have around in the long run  i agree with some of the other comments posted about helen  s attraction to lawson . even though her narration states that she wants lawson to be put away  she did seem attracted to his fiery nature  and that passion he stirred up in her wouldn  t likely wash away with the tide   
dark angel is a futuristic sci  fi series  set in post  apocalyptic seattle  centering on max  jessica alba   a genetically enhanced young woman  on the run from her creators .  br    br   the dark angel universe is absorbing   not as much as say buffy  but absorbing nonetheless  with an interesting and believable set of characters . certainly  it is not for everyone  but those who give it time will find themselves watching one of the most enjoyable series out there . dark angel is criminally overlooked  and under  rated  and was unfortunatly canceled after only  series . which was a great shame  as this had the potential to become a great series  although its   episodes are only   shy of long running bbc sci  fi comedy red dwarf . as it is dark angel remains unfinished  so seek it out  and if you want more  lobby fox to make another series .  
i found this movie to be suspenseful almost from the get  go . when miss stanwyck starts her narration it  s only a few minutes until you realize that trouble is coming . the deserted area  the lock on the deserted gas station door  everything sets you up to wait for it . . . here it comes . at first you think it will be about the little boy  but all too soon you start holding your breath watching the tide coming in . i found this movie to be really stressful  even though i had watched it before and was prepared for the denouement . now a movie that can keep you in suspense even when you have seen it before deserves some sort of special rating  maybe a white knuckles award   
jeopardy is a tense  satisying thriller  a cut above a b but not really a major production . it qualifies as almost an experimental film  as the studio that produced it  metro  was desperately looking for new kinds of films  stars and directors to compete with the then new medium of television . the director  john sturges  was an up  and  comer whose best years lay ahead . he had just recently begun directing a level films  and had already proved himself a most capable craftsman . stars barbara stanwyck  barry sullivan and ralph meeker  were at very different phases of their careers . stanwyck  s glory years were behind her  and yet she could still carry a film  as she proves here . barry sullivan  as her husband  was one of a dozen or so leading men who got started in films in the forties who never quite achieved the success many had hoped for him . he was a fine  low  key actor  poised  but in an upper middle rather than upper class way  which made him excellent in professional roles . as the escaped convict who is the only person around who can save sullivan  s life  he is trapped under a pier  and the tide is rising   ralph meeker is more energetic than usual . this excellent actor had the misfortune of having come to films after brando and clift . he was in his way as good an actor as either of them  but he lacked charisma . his bargaining with stanwyck  which comes down to his demanding sex in exchange for saving her husband  by implication only  as this is       makes for an intriguing premise which  had this been a different kind of film  could all raised all sorts of interesting questions about stanwyck  s character . meeker is indeed a more exciting character than sullivan and in her scenes with him stanwyck is livelier than she is with her husband and son . but as this is a formula picture  not a strindberg play  the possibility that stanwyck might want want to have a fling    leaving aside the question of her husband  s predicament    remains unexplored . in this sense the incoming tide doesn  t quite have the effect one might have wished  though the movie remains tense and highly entertaining thanks to excellent acting  fine location photography  nearly all of it outdoors  and excellent direction by the woefully underrated mr . sturges .  
leonard maltin must  ve been watching some other movie .  though i find his guide to be quite a valuable resource  please disregard his comments on this one .  he states  starts off well then fizzles  when it  s really the reverse   starts off tepid then catches fire  . the plot is about as simple as it gets . happy mom  happy dad and happy son take a vacation at an isolated beach  dad incapacitated in accident  mom runs off to get help  meets up with dangerous escaped convict . mom tries to trick convict into helping while dad waits and hangs on for dear life .  br    br   good white  knuckler given an electric jolt by ralph meeker  appearing suddenly  the director  john sturges  films it in a clever way that will make you gasp  around halfway through as the cunning  desperate criminal . meeker is an unusually flippant  reckless actor  at least here and in the classic  kiss me deadly   and he happily snatches the keys to the film  s narrative and speeds off with the top down . his character has a habit of grinning childishly and saying  pretty neat  huh   when he  s especially pleased with his misdeeds . there is a funny break in the action when they get a flat tire and he tersely instructs his hostage  barbara stanwyck   don  t go away  . she fires back  where would i go    they  re in the middle of nowhere  and he realizes sitcom  ishly  yeah  that  s right  . the friction between them is a hoot .  br    br   there are flaws  somewhat ridiculous ones . there  s one scene where the police  who have been chasing after meeker for some time  stop stanwyck  s car and to evade detection meeker rests his head on her shoulder like a loving husband supposedly would  and pretends to be asleep as she  s being questioned . a . he looks conspicuously un  masculine in this pose and b . i think it  s safe to say that any adult who appears to be asleep during an encounter with law enforcement would certainly arouse suspicion .  br    br   still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion .  br    br    
here  s an excellent barbara stanwyck double bill on one disc . the first movie  and believe me the lesser of the two  is mgm  s  to please a lady        in which she is paired with clark gable . it is essentially a star vehicle with gable as usual dominating the film with his screen presence . here he plays a macho racing driver who gets some bad press from feminist reporter stanwyck and the battle of the sexes begins . of course after much ado they eventually end up in each others arms and it all comes to a predictable and pleasing close . a bit of a fluff of a move really but gable and stanwyck  two icons of the golden age  make it watchable   br    br   but the real meat on this dvd is the second feature  a marvellous and quite unknown little thriller called jeopardy . produced by mgm in     this is a wonderful little gem of a movie that hasn  t dated one iota  here stanwyck plays the wife of barry sullivan and mother to their young son lee aaker on vacation on a deserted and remote mexican beach when suddenly tragedy strikes . a dilapidated wooden pier collapses trapping sullivan under a heavy pylon and guess what  yes  the tide is coming in . with not a soul in sight and unable to free him herself stanwyck sets off by car for assistance . after driving some distance the only aid she can muster comes from an unscrupulous escaped convict  ralph meeker  who  in return for his help  wants more from her than money or a change of clothes   i  ll do anything to save my husband   . does she or doesn  t she   .  br    br   meeker runs away with the picture  he turns in quite a brilliant performance  once he comes into the film you simply cannot take your eyes off him  an actor in the smouldering brando style he surprisingly never made much of his career in films . although he gave splendid performances as the unsavoury  disgraced cavalry officer in the outstanding mann  stewart western  naked spur        and as one of the doomed sacrificial french troopers in stanley kubrick  s powerful ww  drama  paths of glory        his only real claim to fame was as mike hammer in mickey spillane  s  kiss me deadly  in     . his performance in  jeopardy  should have done wonders for him but he had only a so  so career in films . he died in     .  br    br   because of this release  jeopardy  can now proudly take its rightful place as a classic noir . a memorable  taut and exciting thriller thanks to fine performances  tight direction by john sturges  the crisp monochrome cinematography of victor milner and an atmospheric score by dimitri tiomkin . extras  however are no great shakes except for a radio version of  jeopardy  and trailers for both movies .  br    br   this disc is also part of a barbara stanwyck box set celebrating her centenary . hard to believe that the lady would be over    years old if she was still around   br    br   jeopardy  an mgm winner   
does anyone else cry tears of joy when they watch this film  i love it  one of my top   films of all time . it just makes me feel good . i watch the closing production number with all the cast members over and over and over    bebe benson  michelle johnston  is the babe of the film  imho  i never saw the play but i get angry when i read reviews that say the play was better than the film . the two are like apples and oranges . the film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work . i believe it  s only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen aren  t changed more than they are . this is a very good film  it is very satisfying . that  s all you need to know   
as a disclaimer  i  ve seen the movie    times in the last   years  and i only just saw the musical this week . this allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn  t in the musical  however  it tainted me when i watched the musical     br    br   i actually believe michael douglas worked quite well in that role  along with kasey . i think her  let me dance for you scene  is one of the best parts of the movie  a worthwhile addition compared to the musical . the dancers and singing in the movie are much superior to the musical  as well as the cast which is at least   times bigger  easier to do in the movie of course  . the decors  lighting  dancing  and singing are also much superior in the movie  which should be expected  and was indeed delivered .  br    br   the songs that were in common with the musical are better done in the movie  the new ones are quite good ones  and the whole movie just delivers more than the musical in my opinion  especially compared to a musical which has few decors . the one bad point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking  and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters  but their dancing is impeccable  and the end product was more enjoyable than the musical  
when i really began to be interested in movies  at the age of eleven  i had a big list of  must see  films and i would go to blockbuster and rent two or three per weekend some of them were not for all audiences and my mother would go nuts . i remember one of the films on that list was  a chorus line  and could never get it so now to see it is a dream come true .  br    br   of course  i lost the list and i would do anything to get it back because i think there were some really interesting things to watch there . i mean  take  a chorus line   a stage play turned into film . i know it  s something we see a lot nowadays  but back then it was a little different  apparently and this film has something special .  br    br   most of the musicals made movies today  take the chance the camera gives them for free  to create different sceneries and take the characters to different places  a chorus line  was born on a theater stage as a play and it dies in the same place as a movie . following a big audition held by recognized choreographer zach  michael douglas   richard atenborough directs a big number of dancers as they try to get the job .  br    br   everything happens on the same day the tension of not knowing  the stress of having to learn the numbers  the silent competition between the dancersand it all occurs on the stage  where douglas puts each dancer on the spotlight and makes them talk about their personal life and their most horrible experiences . there are hundreds of dancers and they are all fantastic  but they list shortens as the hours go by .  br    br   like a movie i saw recently   a prairie home companion   the broadcast of a radio show  atenborough here deals with the problem of continuity . on or behind the stage  things are going on  and time doesn  t seem to stop . again  i don  t if atenborough cut a lot to shoot this  but it sure doesn  t look like it and anyway it  s a great directing and editing  john bloom  work . but in that little stage  what you wonder is what to do with the camerawith only one setting  ronnie taylor  s cinematography finds the way  making close  ups to certain characters  zooming in and out  showing the stage from different perspective and also giving us a beautiful view of new york .  br    br   in one crucial moment  douglas tells the ones that are left  before we start eliminating you  re all terrific and i  d like to hire you all but i can  t  . this made me think about reality shows today  where the only thing that counts is the singing or dancing talent and where the jury always says that exact words to the contestants before some of them are leaving  even when they are not good  . it  s hard  you must imagine at least here  where all of them really are terrific .  br    br   to tell some of the stories  the characters use songs and  in one second  the stage takes a new life and it literally is  a dream come true  . the music by marvin hamlisch and the lyrics by edward kleban make the theater to film transition without flaws  showing these dancers  feelings and letting them do those wonderful choreographies by michael bennett . the book in the theater also becomes a flawless and very short screenplay by arnold schulman which is very touching at times . so if it  s not with a song it will be with a word but in  a chorus line   it  s impossible not to be moved .  br    br   during one of the rehearsal breaks in the audition  cassie  a special dancer played by alyson reed  takes the stage to convince douglas character that she can do it . the words  let me dance for you  never sounded more honest and more beautifully put in music and lyrics .  
i watched this movie after seeing it on broadway . i love the broadway musical and i love the movie . i watched the movie like it was not related to the broadway show . i am an avid reader and have seen what happens to most books when they are turned into movies  so i developed a philosophy really early . assume that the movie is going to be based on the book  or musical in this case  but that while the story line may be similar it will not be the same  it will be different so watch it for what it is .  br    br   i danced for   years before i had to make a choice . i was a good dancer  picking up chorus work in local productions as a child etc  but i wasn  t super talented . i was however super talented as a show rider . i was told by my dance instructor and my trainer  who i spent several months a year at his farm out of state  that i had to make a choice when i turned   . that i needed to move up from dancing two hours four  five days a week and riding  hours a day  days a week . . and dedicate to one or the other . so i dearly love dancing and i love this movie and a lot of the other ballet and dance movies . i just chose to watch this movie for what it is  it is a great movie about raw emotion and human interaction . it is about the power of anticipation and heartbreak when you work really hard to get something you want and you just do not get it . i love the movie . i love the broadway musical .  
as many reviewers here have noted  the film version differs quite a bit from the stage version of the story . i have never seen the stage version of the story  and therefore i have a more favorable review of the film than many other reviewers . perhaps richard attenborough was not the best choice for director of the film  but the film is still an entertaining account of several dancers trying to make the big time in choreographer michael douglas  show . the film does right by not selecting any famous actors or performers to wind up in the final try  out group . this way our attention is focused on the dancers  movements and individual stories and struggles as they unfold during a marathon day of try  outs . douglas is also probably not the best choice for the part . apparently some songs were cut out in favor of a new one  and the backstage clich  ridden story of a romantic liaison between a dancer and the choreographer was added . i have to say in all fairness this was the weakest part of the film . the repeated intrusions cassie made during try  outs appear to mirror the almost desperate pleas one often has to make when engaging in the artistic professions in the absence of talent and  or luck . however  this aspect of the film has been done to death in the past  and it  s curious to see this tired old shoe kicking its heel up once again . the revelations of the dancers themselves began promisingly enough with the  i can do that  number  but then it plodded a little at various points while the dancers were telling their stories . frankly  their stories differed little from real life folks who never get a chance like this .  of  stars .  
this movie will always be a broadway and movie classic  as long as there are still people who sing  dance  and act .  
this show is so full of action  and everything needed to make an awsome show . . but best of all . . . it actually has a plot  unlike some of those new reality shows . . .  . it is about a transgenic girl who escapes from her military holding base . . i totally suggest bying the dvds  i  ve already preordered them . . . i suggest you do to . . .  
this is a great film   the first time i saw it i thought it was absorbing from start to finish and i still do now . i may not have seen the play  but even if i had it wouldn  t stop me thinking that the film is just as good .  
i love this movie . i mean the story may not be the best  but the dancing most certainly makes up for it . you get to know a little bit about each character the way they want you to learn about them . i just think that you won  t like this movie unless you  re into broadway . . .  
anyone who has seen this movie and reviewed it poorly  i would refer them to roger ebert  s review of this movie . he is one of the most respected critics in the industry  and he gave it     stars .  br    br   this is a great movie . it may not be perfect  or spectacular  but i enjoyed it . a chorus line is not so much a story  as it is a group of stories about the lives of broadway hopefuls . i read reviews where people said that too much time was wasted on the romance between zach and cassie . that is an incorrect view . it is another story along with all the other stories that are told about each of the broadway hopefuls . what people fail to realize is that those who are dancers for broadway shows go through the same things that the common man goes through . and that i think is really the point of the whole show . it is to showcase not only the talent of these special dancers  but to give us some poignant things to think about in regard to life in general . this is a study of life as a broadway star . anyone who has dreamed of becoming a broadway star watches this movie with a great feeling of relationship because they have gone through exactly what the characters are going through .  br    br   this is a great musical . it has its slow points  and at times gets a little confused with the pacing of certain story lines  but all in all  i thoroughly enjoyed it . take a closer look at the movie  and then maybe you will understand what i am talking about .  
hi for all the people who have seen this wonderful movie im sure thet you would have liked it as much as i . i love the songs once you have seen the show you can sing along as though you are part of the show singing and dancing . dancing and singing . the song one is an all time fave musical song too and the strutters at the end with the mirror its so oh you have to watch this one  
i don  t agree with one of the reviewers who compared this film to the american international pictures . basil deardon has directed a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post war england  but without the sentimentality of  blackboard jungle   . the cinematography was excellent as it really captured the scariness and isolation of the huge housing estate . the estate looked like an old prison . stanley baker was excellent as the hardened detective  reassigned to the juvenile division   urgent  urgent  larceny  five iced lollies      he finds he is the butt of many jokes . david mccallum showed that he was one of britain  s top young talents of the fifties .  he had a very different role in another stanley baker film  hell drivers   . his portrayal of johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very frightening . ann heywood was also very good as the cynical cathie . i wouldn  t say there was a romantic subplot in it .  br    br   detective jack truman is investigating a string of arson attacks by someone labeled the  firefly  . just as he finds evidence which could lead to a breakthrough  he is assigned to the juvenile division  he is pretty disgusted at what he feels is not proper police work . amid all the heckling he gets his first call out  the  year old murphy twins are working a scam at the local lolly shops     br    br   taking the twins home he meets their brother  the charismatic johnny  and their embittered sister cathie . he starts to appreciate how life on the ghastly housing estates can turn young kids into criminals . as he gets more involved with the family  he realises there is a strong link between the fires  johnny and a frightened chinese youth who works for a laundry . the local priest  peter cushing in an unusual role  away from the hammer horrors  explains that when johnny was younger he had rescued some people from a burning building and had been hailed a hero . he wanted to recapture the feeling of importance and being useful and felt he could by lighting fires . the school siege was filmed in a very real way and the viewer felt the children  s fear  the teacher  thinking only of her own safety  runs off and locks them in the room with the frightened gunman      br    br   i thought it was a really excellent film that tried to show some of the social problems britain experienced after the war .  br    br   highly recommended .  
i  ve long wanted to see this film  being a fan of both peter cushing and david mccallum . i agree that the romantic sub  plot was a waste of time  but the talent of mccallum shines through this juvie role . thank heavens for turner classic which aired the show last week . i can imagine that there were lots of problems with children after the war  especially with the way things were throughout the     s . some of the boys are a bit scary . i certainly wouldn  t want to met them on a well  lit street  much less a dark one . there were some good insights regarding the feelings of a firebug as well  or as they call him  a firefly .  
this film was shot on location in gerard gardens in liverpool  and was the uk  s answer to films such as  blackboard jungle  . the film stands the test of time quite well  with all the moral stories still  or even more  relevant today . the film feature some fine performance from some notable british actors such as david mccallum  stanley baker  peter cushing and anne heywood . baker plays a liverpool cop assigned to juvenile liaison duties  with the premise that if you catch the kids at an early age  they will end up being responsible adults .  br    br   notable cameos in the film include freddie starr  fred fowell  and melvyn hayes  gloria  . tsai chin and michael chow play brother and sister  they are real life brother and sister  who are caught up in an arsonists web . tsai chin is still acting and can be seen in the latest nicole kidman film  the interpretor  .  br    br   violent playground features a gun siege in a school  so is unlikely to be shown on tv following similar events in scotland  russia .  br    br   i lived in gerard gardens where the film was shot  though was not born at the time   and have fond memories of the area . i have recently completed a documentary on gerard gardens which includes extracts from  violent playground   and a small uk film  coast to coast  which stars lenny henry and pete postlewaite . the tenements were demolished in     and the films go some way in keeping the memory alive .  br    br   there were some complaints from the residents when the film was released  as the film portrayed the area in a bad light . time has helped heal those wounds .  br    br   a little gem of a film  i would recommend you seek this out  
this film was the first british teen movie to actually address the reality of the violent rock and roll society  rather than being a lucid parody of     s teenage life . in an attempt to celebrate the work of liverpool  s junior liaison officers the opening title points out that    of potential delinquents  who have been dealt with under this scheme  have not committed a second crime . however  this becomes merely a pretext to the following teen  drama until the film  s epilogue where we are instructed that we shouldn  t feel responsible or sorry for such delinquents however mixed  up they might seem .  br    br   stanley baker plays a tough detective who reluctantly takes on the post of juvenile liaison officer . this hard  boiled character is a role typical of baker . having been currently on the trail of a notorious arsonist known as the firefly and does not relish the distraction of the transfer . however  as in all good police dramas he is led back full circle by a remarkable turn of events  back to his original investigation .  br    br   his first case leads him to the home of two young children  mary and patrick murphy  played by real  life brother and sister duo   who have committed a petty theft . here he meets cathie  satisfyingly portrayed by anne heywood  their older sister whom he eventually becomes romantically involved with . it quickly becomes obvious that the squalid environment of such inner  city estates is a breeding ground for juvenile delinquency .  br    br   the elder brother of the murphy family  johnny  is the leader of a gang of rock and roll hoodlums . mccallum does an eye  catching turn as the americanized mixed  up kid  who owes more to the likes of marlon brando  than any previous british star . one is reminded of brando  s character johnny from  the wild one  who led a leather  clad gang of rebellious bikers in much the same way as this film  s  johnny  leads his gang .  br    br   thankfully the preachiness of earlier dearden crime dramas such as  the blue lamp  is not so apparent . instead we are presented with several well drawn  out characters on both sides of the law as the drama of the delinquents and the romantic interest between heywood and baker takes the forefront .  br    br   the plot  whilst at times predictable  does deliver some memorable scenes . the disruptive influence that rock and roll music was thought to have had is played out in a scene where johnny abandons himself to the music  leading a menacing advance on the police sergeant . the most grippingly memorable piece of film however is the climatic classroom scene where a bunch of terrified school children  including mary and patrick  are held hostage at gunpoint by johnny . obviously in the light of the real  life dumblaine massacre this scene seems all the horrifying . understandably because of this the film is seldom aired or available to modern audiences .  
one of the comedies of the      s . also has the best signature tune of any comedy show . the story is about three people sharing a flat living above their landlords george and mildred . the comedy rests on the mix of the people sharing . a man and two women . richard o  sullivan is besotted with paula wilcox . its played in a gentle and not a leering way which is why this show was such a success .  br    br   the scripts and the stars were always giving the best performances and richard  s frustrated love life was shown with a relaxed charm . the end titles contained visual jokes which went unnoticed in the early      s but concerned the flat sharers living arrangements .  
man about the house is a true situation comedy in every sense of the word . the comedy concerns a character called robin tripp  played by the great richard o  sullivan  who finds himself after a wild party  ending up at the home of two ladies called jo and chrissy . ironically the party was held to say goodbye to their old flatmate . the obvious ends up happening as he moves in .  br    br   man about the house was a pre  cursor to cooke and mortimer  s spin off show george and mildred which featured the  characters who were landlords to jo  chrissy and robin . these two characters would actually turn out to be the linchpins of man about the house with mildred  the late and much missed yootha joyce  in particular getting some of the best lines of the series . a semi  regular character was larry  doug fisher  a useless person who was always on the scrounge and only ever came round when he wanted to borrow something  and never to return it  .  br    br   the american  s did a version called three  s company but it doesn  t stand a chance when compared to this far funnier original . thames took a risk in producing a comedy about a man sharing a flat with  women at a very conservative time but they should worry as the ratings at the time suggest that around   million people just wanted to watch a good old fashioned bit of comedy with inspired casting and a sharp script . what a pity modern comedy can  t reach that high standard .  br    br   this programme is available on network dvd  
like a lot of series pilots  dark angel  s opener shows a mixture of great potential and a slight problem finding its own feet . not that this is unusual in any way  but there is a feeling that it could have worked better if the story was tightened and focused a little more . in today  s world where something has to catch on instantly or face cancellation  the series did itself a bit of a disservice by not coming out at least halfway focused  with all guns blazing .  br    br   the ninety  minute pilot really feels like two episodes glued together  and both episodes have a problem with focus . in the first half  we are introduced to max and filled in on what drives her . we also get a few interesting routines with max using her abilities to win bets  interacting with a pi  or sorting out co  workers  domestic problems . the problem here is that this is nothing out of the ordinary for any human being with a normal set of genes  on television or otherwise .  br    br   it  s when we hit the second half that we get a story with a purpose and focus . throughout the two halves  max finds herself the focus of attention from a pirate journalist who feels it is mission in life to save the world by exposing one dirty dealer at a time . in the second half  the repercussions catch up with him  and max reluctantly cleans up the resulting mess . this sets up the premise for the entire rest of the series  and it works  but it doesn  t quite click if you get my meaning . it  s like most of the pieces are there  but a couple that make a complete image have been left out . perhaps they get filled in with later episodes  but that  s beside the point . the fact is that the contents of this episode could easily have been told with twenty  eight less minutes .  br    br   the last of the negatives is that a lot of the support cast are totally unendearing . original cindy in particular is an annoyance  and i doubt that changed during the next twenty episodes . while the acting isn  t as bad as daytime soap  it isn  t of such quality that i  d commend it . jessica alba is not the worst actor in the world  but she does come up short in terms of being convincing when the story needs it least .  br    br   the good news is that the premise and the production values are all top  notch . in fact  this series was considered quite expensive to produce  and it is quite unfortunate that it was cancelled in order to be replaced by another show that didn  t last a whole season . especially when there was ample time for both shows  they could have simply cancelled one of the pieces of disingenious garbage they flog under the banner of reality tv . the fact is that we need more shows like dark angel  where imagination rather than overhype  are used to draw the attention .  br    br   in all  i gave the dark angel pilot a seven out of ten . it never rises above the level of throwaway television  and it never got a chance to live up to the potential it shows within its own running time . but the potential is there  and that  s often all that matters where pilots are concerned .  
as is nearly always the case  when britain comes up with an entertaining and  or successful sit  com or quiz show  the yanks will come along and poach the format and produce their own  grossly inferior  version . man about the house is  of course  no exception to that rule . the yanks  version  three  s company  was unwatchable  braindead pap that seem to run forever . a prime example of quantity over  non  existent  quality . the original  on the other hand  is a fondly  remembered gem that had the savvy  like fawlty towers  to pull the plug at precisely the right time  unlike the    episodes of  hilarity  that three  s company came up with  . jo was cute  there was brilliant chemistry between the ropers  richard o  sullivan made it all look so easy  the scripts  whilst not exactly oscar wilde  standard  were consistently funny and chrissy was the most drop  dead gorgeous woman who has walked the face of this planet since the dead sea was merely feeling unwell .  nuff said .  
while the british produced some hilarious and slick sitcoms in the     s  ab fab  men behaving badly  one foot in the grave  etc .  the   s were the real golden age .  br    br   in the     s there were whole new territories to explore  including the sexual revolution  feminism  and the slowly evolving awareness of a need for  sensitivity  that would  twenty years later  become political correctness . attempts to grapple with the confusion of this thoroughly modern world were the subtle and not  so  subtle themes in everything from the skits of monty python  s flying circus to sitcoms like man about the house .  by the late   s this  grappling  resulted in more meditative and bitter  sweet sitcoms such as the masterpiece butterflies .   br    br   man about the house is a perfect example of the good britcoms of the time  slightly genteel  cheeky  fresh  ingenuous  sometimes outrageous  with some well made observations on contemporary life . compare it to a cynical   s show such as ab fab  and it is hard to believe the two were created in the same country .  br    br   man about the house is one of the great britcoms of the   s  right up there with good neighbors  the good life   and about the house  s spin off george and mildred . its quality is attested to by the fact that  as with good neighbors  its creators  writers  and many of its cast have had continued success in british television .  
some years ago  satellite channel u . k . gold promoted repeats of  men behaving badly  with the hype  here it is  the original flat  sharing sitcom   . this was in fact untrue .  man about the house  was also a flat  sharing sitcom and ran from        .  br    br   it was the brainchild of johnnie mortimer and brian cooke  creators of the popular sitcom  father dear father  . when it ended  they decided they wanted to do something more in harmony with the times .  br    br   in the first episode  chrissy  paula wilcox  and jo  sally thomsett  are tidying their myddleton terrace flat following a wild party when they find a man in their bath . he is robin tripp  richard o  sullivan   a southampton cookery student of no fixed abode . while his clothes dry out  he puts on a ladies  dressing gown and prepares them a meal . they are so impressed by his culinary skills that they invite him to stay . but there must be no naughty business . so robin has to pretend to be gay . . .  br    br   on b . b . c .    s  i love       shown in      julie burchill claimed that  house  showed her a way of life she envied . she was not alone . one of the most iconic  for me  anyway  images of     s british television was sally thomsett coming out of the london underground carrying a parasol  and a  blind  man doing a double take as her pert bottom swings past .  br    br   a man living with two girls was a risqu subject for the time  but mrs . mary whitehouse had no need to get hot under the collar  it was innocent  good  natured fun . mortimer and cooke  s scripts went as close as they could to the edge without crossing it .  br    br   richard o  sullivan was still playing  bingham  in i . t . v .  s  doctor in charge  when this got started . in fact the second run of  in charge  overlapped with the first of  house  . he was born to play the sex  mad robin . paula wilcox  s  chrissy  was more streetwise than  beryl   her character she played in  the lovers   while sally thomsett  s  jo  was a lovable dizzy blonde . as time wore on  he became almost like an older brother to them .  br    br   for many viewers  brian murphy and yootha joyce stole the show as the warring ropers . george had lost interest in sex  but mildred had not . they went on to their own show  the aptly titled  george  mildred  . the late doug fisher was good value as as robin  s wideboy friend larry . he worked so well he was made into a regular .  br    br   within a year of its debut  there was the inevitable movie spin  off . i am not a big fan of the  man about the house  movie because i think it was stretched to fit the big screen . most of its characters had never appeared in the series .  br    br   the format was sold to america  where it became the long  running  three  s company  starring the late john ritter and suzanne somers . it was far more suggestive than the british original  with somers often seen in sexy clothing .  br    br   after six seasons   house  ended with chrissy marrying robin  s older brother norman  norman eshley  . fans were devastated to see robin failing to get the girl he loved  but there was some consolation in the fact that he too landed his own show   robin  s nest  .  
this is a better than average silent movie and it  s still well worth seeing if you are a fan of the silents . however  if you aren  t yet a fan of the genre  i suggest you try a few other films before watching this one . that  s because the plot just seems pretty old fashioned and difficult to believe in spots . but  despite this  it  s still a good film and kept my interest .  br    br   a nice lady unfortunately hooked up with the wrong man and ran away to marry him . the film starts five years later after she has come to realize that he is really a brutal thief . despite this  she tries to make the best of it and not dwell on how good life had been before this jerk came into her life . however  the rent is due and there  s no money  so the lady is forced to look for work . she becomes a personal seamstress for a rich lady whose husband is trying to swing a business deal . unfortunately  the lady who they were trying to hook up a potential client with for a dinner party can  t make it and the seamstress is paid handsomely to be the man  s date . well  like cinderella  she cleans up pretty well and the man is infatuated with her  what to do now   given that she is actually married and the new fella wants to marry her   well  see the movie yourself to see how it  s all resolved . i didn  t like how they handled the husband  as it seemed awfully predictable and clichd . however  once he was out of the way  i do admire how the film also didn  t give up a by  the  numbers finale and left the film with a few loose ends .  br    br   all in all  a very good film worth seeing  but certainly not great .  
in watching this early demille work  it was once again reinforced to me that early demille is far superior to late demille . his attention to use of light within scenes is remarkable . his pacing is very good  enabling much to be told in the space of an hour or so . it is a pity that he wasn  t as intuitive about the style of his later sound films as he seemed to be in his silent films .  br    br   this was the first film in which i had seen cleo ridgely . she was remarkable  quite restrained and yet conveyed a broad spectrum of emotions .  br    br   the ending is wonderful .  
this film has a clear storyline  which is quite unusual to the musical genre .  cats    phantom of the opera   and other andrew lloyd webber  s musicals can be considered metaphorical  as they use literary works as their framework .  biarkan bintang menari   bbm   s storyline touches the very core of human relationships  especially that of indonesian people . despite the fact the film was based on a  supposedly  fairytale  it  s actually a fantasy of the  child  in indonesian adults . the dance sequences are not perfect  yet the songs represent how indonesians express themselves . i reckon the choreographer should explore indonesian way of dancing  by not dismaying the fact that indonesia  s dance development tends to be more westernized . the dance sequences seem awkward in some ways and not synchronized with the songs and  or music . yet  i still love this movie and regard it as a new wave of indonesian film genre which i hope to improve in the future .  
and i am a nicole kidman fanatic . i would pay to see and hear her read the moscow phone book  which  for all i know  she may have been doing when she was speaking russian in this movie .  br    br   all four of the principals are excellent  but the movie itself is a number of good images and better scenes held together by nothing .  br    br   while one is always ready to suspend disbelief while watching a movie  this one asks too much of the viewer .  br    br   it could have been very funny  which it is in parts  or quite frightening  which it is in one scene  but the director didn  t seem to know which way to go .  
i must confess that i was completely shocked by this film . for one  i went to see it on a whim expecting something mediocre  but given this  the most shocking thing was that this was in a populist american cinema at all . this is british comedy at its finest  dark  quirky and funny in ways that american films just never are . i must stop short  however  of recommending this wholeheartedly to anyone i went to see it with several people  some english  some european and some american and while some of us loved it  mainly from the first two groups   some hated it and found it worthless . if you think you  re into this kind of thing then go . if not  don  t .      .  
i didn  t really know what to expect when going out to watch the film  apart from the slightly surreal basic plotline that a lonely man orders a russian bride over the internet . that and it had nicole kidman in it . i absolutely loved the film though  and came out thinking  wow  .  br    br   refreshingly down to earth  the film moves along nicely  with a few suprises at each corner . the relationships in the film are believeable  with nicole and chaplin working against each other beautifully . the humour is subtle  with some great  office   like scenes at the bank  and the thriller element add tension without being hollywood .  br    br   overall the film is about real people in an unusual situation . it  s less about heroics and more about delicate relationships . brit  filmmaking at its best . . .  br    br          
as usual  hollywood stereotyped everyone in the movie . but  this one is a classic  from the uptight white collar banker to the russian woman   well done . even facial expressions were great  language was perfect  even in russian language  and nicole did a splendid job   hey guys  you get what you pay for   
i think dark angel is great  first season was excellent  and had a good plot . with max  jessica alba  as an escaped x    manticore creation  trying to adapt to a normal life  but still  saving the world  . and being hunted by manticore throughout the season which gives the series some extra spice .  br    br   the second season though suddenly became a bit odd compared to the first . the plot kinda disappeared  and the series lost a little of it  s charm  mostly because of all the weird  creatures  appearing . don  t get me wrong the second season is good  but with a little bit to much of the  manticores  . however  they managed to get back to a new promising plot in the closing episodes of season   in which i had a lot of hopes to see more of .  br    br   so i really wish they could start making new episodes . and with james cameron behind this it can  t go wrong . so as a conclusion i would say it  s a great series  however i  m still hoping for a third season   
excellent movie  albeit slightly predictable . i have to comment on nicole kidmans acting in this movie . some of her other works haven  t shown the amazing talent this woman has  but birthday girl doesn  t suffer from this in the slightest . even without words kidmans acting shines through .  
i caught this on the dish last night . i liked the movie . i traveled to russia  different times  adopting our  kids  . i can  t put my finger on exactly why i liked this movie other than seeing  bad  turn  good  and  good  turn  semi  bad  . i liked the look ben chaplin has through the whole movie . like  i can  t belive this is happening to me  whether it  s good or bad it the same look  and it works  . great ending .     . rent it or catch it on the dish like i did .  
good  funny  straightforward story  excellent nicole kidman  i almost always like the movies she  s in  . this was a good  vehicle  for someone adept at comedy and drama since there are elements of both . a romantic comedy wrapped around two crime stories  great closing lines . chaplin  very good here  was also good in another good  but unpopular romantic comedy   truth about cats  dogs   . maybe they  re too implausible . ebert didn  t even post a review for this . the great  screwball  comedies obviously were totally implausible   bringing up baby   etc .  . if you  ve seen one implausible comedy  you  ve seen them all  or maybe people are ready to move on from the     s . weird . birthday girl is a movie i  ve enjoyed several times . nicole kidman may be the  killer app  for home video .  
this is a great little film  that  s very unique  and creative  with some great plot twists and wonderful performances  . all the characters are great  and the story while bizarre  is fascinating and very interesting  plus nicole kidman is simply amazing in this  . it  s very hard to describe this movie  because it really is quite bizarre  it  s a comedy  romance  one minute then it turns into a thriller the next  however it was still very entertaining all the same  plus nicole  s russian accent was fantastic  and extremely convincing . chaplin and kidman had very good chemistry together  and i loved vincent cassel  s performance   plus some of the plot twists really took me by surprise  . the ending was very cute  and it  s unpredictable throughout   plus this movie is quite underrated as well  . you will feel sorry for chaplin and the way that he is scammed  and i thought all the characters were really likable  plus the finale is especially good . this is nicole  s movie though  and she carries it with her incredibly sexy performance  . this is a great little film  that  s very unique  and creative  with some great plot twists and wonderful performances   i highly recommend this one  . the direction is very good  . jez butterworth does a very good job here  with great camera work  solid angles and keeping the film at a fast pace  . the acting is wonderful  . nicole kidman  is stunningly gorgeous   and is amazing as always  she is incredibly sexy  very likable  had one of the coolest accents  added a lot of presence  had very good chemistry with ben chaplin  and had a very mysterious character   she was amazing .  kidman rules      . ben chaplin is great here  he is extremely likable  had a cool character  had very good chemistry with kidman  the only thing i didn  t like was him taking out his anger out on kidman  even though what she did was wrong  and i loved how he got revenge in the end  . vincent cassel is fantastic as the main villain  yes he was ott  but he was very intense and quite creepy at times  this role was perfect for him . mathieu kassovitz is ok here  but didn  t have much to do . rest of the cast are fine . overall i highly recommend this one  .     out of   
i  ve had a lot of experience with women in russia  and this movie portrays what a lot of them are like  unfortunately . they are very cunning  ruthless  and greedy  as well as highly unfair . from the robotic sex  the hustling for gifts  to the lies and betrayal  i  ve experienced it all in russia .  br    br   i know what i  m talking about . and here are my qualifications here are the photojournals of my three trips to russia in search of a bride . it includes thousands of pics of many hot russian girls i met  black comedy  scams i was privy to  and the story of my mugging and appearance on russian national tv .  br    br   http   www . happierabroad . com  photojournals . htm  br    br   it  s like reality tv . you will love it . i spent a ton of time putting it together . so check it out . the russian woman that nicole kidman plays is a lot like the julia and katya in my photojournals .  br    br   my  bride seeking trips in russia happen to be very exciting and would sell  so why don  t they make a movie out of my bride seeking adventures in russia  however  there is one factual impossibility in this film  and that is the way which the guy orders his bride from a catalog and having her arrive at an airport . it doesn  t work that way at all  so i don  t understand why the media likes to perpetuate this . there isn  t a single russian bride introduction website that works this way  and i challenge anyone to find one that does . the fact is  you can only order the russian lady  s contact info  email  address  phone number  etc .  from the website . from there  you correspond and then visit her  and if you want to bring her to your country  you start the immigration process at your ins office  and wait months after that . that  s how it works in real life . you can  t just order her to arrive at your airport . us immigration would never allow such a thing to happen .  br    br   wumaster  br    br    i got everything i wanted by going abroad  you can too  http   www . happierabroad . com  
nicole kidman is a wonderful actress and here she  s great . i really liked ben chaplin in the thin red line and he is very good here too . this is not great cinema but i was most entertained . given most films these days this is high praise indeed .  
every time i see nicole i like her more . i love a movie like this . a woman you just won  t give up on  but she keeps breaking your heart . first movie i remember seeing like this was of human bondage  the kim novak  laurence harvey version . the beefs about the correctness of the russian spoken in this film are petty  it was good enough to fool me or anybody else who can  t speak russian  i  m sure . funny how people miss the point . the no  goodnik russian guys were well cast too . finally  i have to tip my hat to ben chaplin  as somebody else noted  he plays a sap with great dignity  and there was definitely some heat between him and nicole . to think  guys get paid for that  mind  blowing .  
modern  original  romantic story .  br    br   very good acting of both nicole kidman and ben chaplin .  br    br   miss kidman does a nice job in imitating a russian accent . ben chaplin is also good as the shy  dull clerk . for the men  and some women   miss kidman looks fantastic and is very sympathetic . i forgot what a gorgeous woman she is . it  s not hard to imagine that john falls in love with her . some unexpected turns in the story are good for the suspense . although i hoped for a happy ending  the last part of the movie was quite a surprise for me .  br    br   conclusion  good movie .  br    br   les pays  bas  huit points .  
a small funny film . it is totally incredible  unbelievable  impossible . but it is funny how an introverted masochist can become totally dependent and mesmerized  even hypnotized by a girl he hardly knows but who was able to get down into his phantasms . of course it is a denunciation of the foolish deals you can get to on the internet . you must not believe ten percent of what you  re told there and never  ever  ever accept to tie up your hands in a way or another to someone or something or some organization you do not know personally . most of their  businesses  there are in a way or another going to fool you and raid you . but here the chap deserves being the victim of such gangsters because he is not only naive  he is absurdly silly . but then the film becomes funny because it ends up with the victim of the crooked business having the upper hand and ending up playing the same game with his victimizer and winning . one think is sure too . security in english airports is not exactly what it should be  but i guess it  s not better anywhere else in the world and even now they have tightened up all rules and regulations it is just fun to go through their procedures and foil them systematically . then they have their vengeance by losing your luggage  a real plague on modern airports  and don  t expect to get fair compensation . or even confiscating a bottle opener or a can opener because it may be dangerous . i can see myself cutting my way through the side of the plane with a can opener . funny  isn  t it  dr jacques coulardeau  university paris dauphine  university paris  pantheon sorbonne  university versailles saint quentin en yvelines  
when i saw birthday girl i liked it so much i set out to see every nicole kidman film i could  only to find all of them a disappointment compared to it . i theorize that while the presence of a particular star usually guarantees a certain level of quality because of their artistic control  with nicole kidman the influence she exerts is detrimental to film enjoyment   imho . thus for instance  dogville  even depriving the viewer of anything visual to detract from the existential insight she is hammering home  or other films promoting gay and lesbianism as worthy of anyone else  s attention  or other pet causes of kidman  s .  br    br   here she is a natural woman and she does a really great job . i don  t how or who was able to restrain her  but apparently it worked . the way the film depicts her openness despite her resistance gets to the heart of what makes a woman a woman . and consequently  what makes a man  s most desperate hopes marginally attainable .  br    br   of course  the fact the male lead transforms from a milquetoast clerk to macho man in the space of one film sounds like a male ego expansion fantasy  but his transformation is adequately believable . it isn  t coyly contrived as it would be in a film engineered to bolster male ego . instead it accurately records necessary growth arising from the films unique circumstances .  br    br   also quite charming is the way the criminals are portrayed as perfectly human  apart from their criminal mission . her gang has a coed rough and tumble fellowship which is foreign to american culture . and while they are his adversaries  they are never really his enemy . in effect  they teach him to be compete .  br    br   i really marveled at kidman  s ability to physically appear russian . it had me wondering whether her ancestry was russian  but none of the photos of her i examined showed any hint of it . maybe it is just makeup but it was amazing .  br    br   i can only hope that they knock her over the head again soon so she can turn out another great film . despite my gratuitous digs at ms . kidman  the message is this is a superior film in every way and probably the role of a lifetime .  
i bought dark angel seasons    two weeks ago  after catching a couple of season  episodes on channel  . nothing prepared me for how brilliant the show is . i haven  t enjoyed anything as much since firefly  also and amazing show  . i  ll admit season  wqasn  t quite as good  but there are still some amazing episodes  see designate this  bag  em  the berrisford agenda  harbor lights  freak nation etc .  and alec is great . i  ve heard some of the plans for the would  be season   and i have to say  i can  t believe it was cancelled  i won  t spoil it for you  but it would have rocked  i also think it has a lot of potential as a movie  although at the moment it seems highly unlikely  . as proof of my obsessiveness  max  s barcode number is              and in the two weeks i  ve had it  i am  episodes away from having watched both seasons twice . it  s just too good .  
the first von trier movie i  ve ever seen was breaking the waves . sure a nice movie but it definitely stands in the shadow of europa . europa tells a story of a young german  american who wants to experience germany just after the second world war . he takes a job that his uncle has arranged for him as a purser on a luxues train . because of his job  he travels all through an almost totally destroyed germany  meeting with the killing of traitors  and hunt for former nazi party members . the society is suffering from corruption . his uncle has narrowed his conciousness by focussing on the job he has also as a purser on the train . by coincidence the main character get involved in bombing and terrorism by a group called  werewolves  they put pressure on him to help them placing bombs on trains . the atmosphere is astounding . the viewer is taken from scene to scene by a man attempting to put the viewer under hypnosis and then counting to wake you up in a new scene . just when you think you  ve seen a lot        europe    
this is a comedy based on national stereotypes  no doubt . if you leave away pretending you know or you care what communism was about and how real russians or brits are  if you accept and are not hurt by the conventions  you can have fun with this film . nicole kidman is at her best  sexy  moving and funny . ben chaplin succeeds to avoid being completely out  shadowed by nicole  and the rest of the cast does good work as well . the final is moving  and logical  movie logics  of course . worth watching  if you accept the rules of the game .  
the critics didn  t like this film . it bombed in the states and as a result received only a limited showing in britain . which was a great shame  because it represents british rather than american humour and should have been shown in britain first .  br    br   nicole kidman looks stunning and is a totally convincing russian . ben chaplin is the dustin hoffman character from  the graduate   and  birthday girl  has at least  scenes which remind the viewer of that     s classic  despite being a totally different story   .  br    br   sure it changes tack a number of times from comedy to black comedy to thriller to adventure  but it  s memorable  moving and a weclome breath of fresh air compared to the average mega  budget blockbuster .  br    br   see it with an open mind   
from what critics and audiences indicated  birthday girl had to be a big fat clinker . still  because i love nicole kidman  i decided to rent it last night . it proved to be quite worthy of watching . sure  it isn  t your basic american comedy  and it doesn  t take a genius to realize that it is a very british movie  but that  s why i liked it . it was a change from all the other movies around  a breath of fresh air . sure  there were some plot holes  but overall it worked . first off  kidman was fabulous again in a very different  not very glamorous  but still quite sexy role . she just keeps proving that she is one of the top talents in hollywood . not only is her russian accent when she speaks english effective  but there are times when she carries on long conversations in russian and if you didn  t know it was nicole kidman  you would never question her authenticity . harrison ford should have taken note in  k    .  overall a slight little movie that works despite the horrible buzz .  
this film is definitely an odd love story . though this film may not be much to shout about  nicole kidman carries the film on her own the rest of the cast could quite easily be forgotten  though ben chaplin does do quite a good job of hertfordshire life with shots of st albans  hemel hempstead town centre depicting the true essence of the area . what starts outlooking like a regular episode of the popular british tv series  heartbeat  soon turns into a gritty gangster getaway action flick . nothing truly memorable happens in this simple small film and thus ends  up as fairly decent weekend entertainment . a good one to watch  and if you like the hero john are lonely thirty something you may find something to identify with in his character .  
are you a giraffe  . . . ask john to nadia  and she  sure of responding well  responds him yes . in this way begin the communication between a man and a woman who don  t know each other  and at the same time  the questions and doubts in  birthday girl  . a film that i heard a lot of times  but i don  t dare to see . . . until two hours of write this .  br    br    birthday girl  is a passionate movie that makes me fall in count  at the same time  that nicole kidman is one of the best actress  besides she is pretty and intelligent  that i have ever seen .  birthday girl  is the story of a lonely and routine man who looks for a wife at internet . the woman that he finds comes from russia . she seems to be that delicate woman  normal  not more . one day  in her birthday comes suddenly  his cousin and his friend . the man  begin to discover certain things . since here  he don  t going to be the lonely and routine man that always have been .  br    br   much of us going to think that this movie is just a regular one with a exploited plot . much of us going to think that the action and thrills are sure and don  t novel . but  birthday girl  is just the opposite . this movie is full of good surprises  good performances and a imaginative plot that i had never seen and imagined . this romantic thriller with certain funny touch is an excellent natural film with a lot of proposes for the films of it kind .  birthday girl  have certain beauty and crudeness in its scenes  but at the same time  certain touching nature  and makes it so deeper .  br    br    birthday girl  is sometimes sad  sometimes funny  sometimes violent  but at the end  is totally satisfactory . and i  m not sorry in say that this is a masterpiece .  br    br   sorry for the mistakes . . . well  if there any .  
the trailer for this movie didn  t do the movie justice . and while the movie didn  t know what it really wanted to get across  the first half of the movie being a light  romance comedy and the second have a more serious  romantic drama  the overall impact was much better than i thought it would be . this movie was more of a date movie  but the trailer made it into more of a suspense thriller which it never really turned out to be . kidman  being one of my favorites  of course i  m biased  but this movie proved to be a light  sensitive  if somewhat quirky movie that deserved better . three out of four stars .       .  
this is a good example a film that in spite of the low rating is more than worth watching . the story is engaging and it doesn  t take long before the chemistry between nicole kidman and ben chaplin grabs your attention . the acting is first class and the characters are represented well . sometimes it feels like the director couldn  t decide himself between drama and romantic comedy . ben chiller  s portrayal of the law abiding and shy englishman with porn s . m . magazines hidden in the bedroom creates plenty of moments for laughs  as does the look in nicole kidman  s eyes when she is offering john his first taste of intimacy in a long time . . . other times the actors and especially nicole kidman give this comedy quite expertly a dramatic slant .  
for a film that got little publicity  and few people have heard about  this was pretty good . it  s another one of these modern  day british crime films that are quirky   snatch    sexy beast   etc .  . it  s not wild like  snatch  but it  s interesting and it has some rough characters .  br    br   it also has a corny and somewhat predictable ending but early in the show  not late  has some neat twists to make it very interesting for the first  time viewer . basically  it  s about a low  key british male who sends away for a russian  mail order bride  who winds up  with the aid of two russian male friends  providing a couple of big surprises .  br    br   ben chapin and nicole kidman co  star  and are very good as are vincent cassel and matthieu kassovitz as kidman  s russian cohorts . this is a different kind of film and well  acted . kidman once again proves she  s far more than just a beautiful face .  
john  ben chaplin  is a lonely bank clerk who lives in a small town not far from london . though the internet  he contacts a russian agency of brides . he selects sophia  nicole kidman  the guy could be lonely and shy  but certainly has a good taste  doesn  t he   and when they met each other  he realizes that she does not speak english . the communication between each other is basically limited by sex  again  imagine  what a terrible situation for the guy  just have some kinky sex with nicole kidman   . on her birthday  two russian friends of her visit them . then  lots of surprises will happen . i liked this movie first  it is almost impossible to be  labeled  . is it a black comedy  an action  a thriller movie  i believe all the choices are correct . nicole kidman is gorgeous as usual  and i am very curious about her russian is she speaking russian in a correct accent indeed  or just faking  anyway  i found it an enjoyable movie . my vote is eight .  br    br   title  brazil    a isca perfeita    the perfect bait    
this movie really woke me up  like it wakes up the main male character of this bravely different movie from his life slumber .  br    br   this guy john  ben chaplin  leads his mediocre safe life of a bank teller in a small provincial english town  until the stunningly gorgeous  wild  girl  to  die  for nadia  nicole kidman   ordered by email from russia  enters his life to become his beloved wife  by johns plan . however a glitch turns up  nadia does not speak a word of johns language . although calm and emotionless on the outside  john becomes so interested in beautiful nadia that instead of using the full refund policy of the matching service  he buys her a dictionary to start the communication process .  br    br   what happens henceforth in the plot really shakes poor john from his slumber of a decently  paid safe  feeling clerk into a decision  making decently thinking action figure  giving the viewer a subliminal message  you would have probably acted likewise  .  br    br   kidman  cassel  kassovitz make a great team acting russians and they are almost indistinguishable from the real thing   almost  only due to the slight accent present in their russian dialogues  however slight enough to amaze a native russian by the hard work done to get the words sound right . nicole kidman proves her talent once again by playing a character quite different from the previous roles  at least from the cultural background .  br    br   the pace of the film is fast and captivating  and you certainly are not ready to quit watching when the end titles appear  you rather feel that you  re in the middle of the plot  and are left with a desire to see the sequel as soon as it comes out .  br    br   my advice is to go out and get this film immediately and watch it and enjoy . to sum it up  it has an unusual plot  great acting  and ideas below the surface . like the idea of the  rude awakening  from the artificial safe routine life of a wheel in a society  s machine  the life which members of the fight club were so keen to quit and the machine of which pink floyd sings   welcome to the machine    . i bet that in the end  john was rather off with sophia on their way to the unknown than not having met her at all .  br    br   thank you  writers  for the great story  and everyone else for this great movie  please make a sequel  and you can stage it whereever and name the location whatever  because the authenticity of the place is irrelevant to the   .     percent of the potential viewers  i am sure of it .  
jessica alba  s max and valerie rae miller  s original cindy shines in this actionpacked and atmospheric serial . wonderfully politically incorrect . quality varies greatly from episode to episode  but generally the standard is high and when it is not  jessica is always worth looking at . valerie  s urban jivetalking afroamerican is occationally almost dragging dark angel into sitcom territory .  
i really have to disagree with guy  yardley  rees who  should he have watched the entire film  would have seen some absolutely stunning scottish scenery  some of the best ever shot in skye  and found a film with a difficult start come together into a really poignant whole .  br    br   this is not a big budget film . rather it is a film that has a strong community feel .  br    br   i can  t say how much  standard  films bore me  pushing out the same polished stuff again and again . seachd doesn  t seem to be about that at all . it really seems to be trying to offer something more real and certainly more gaelic than any recent scottish film .  br    br   ok  so the acting isn  t in the style a blockbuster . that  s because the actors are seemingly real people . i actually thought that the key roles of the boy and his grandfather were really convincing  and at times unusually beautiful .  br    br   seachd really bears a second viewing  since there are many threads that become clearer second time around  that really do feed into the ending .  br    br   overall  the combination of music and  at times  stunning visuals  plus a community approach to the acting and non  normal structure has turned seachd into quite a distinctive and memorable film . more of these please   
i would highly recommend this movie  and i certainly shall be personally recommending it to my friends and family here and abroad  it was with excited anticipation  that i have just pre  ordered it online  i enjoyed it so much  it is not out until february  march      but it will be well worth the wait  but first go and see it in the cinema if you can . there is nothing quite like the cinema  experience of a cinema  made movie  insist that your local cinema puts it on  i went to see  seachd  the inaccessible pinacle  tonight  down here in london  and was really impressed . it is a marvel a truly beautiful film set in the scottish highlands you will laugh  you will cry  you will be moved in may different ways  you will be intrigued  and as the story within the stories is revealed  you will be amazed at that revelation .  br    br   this movie is in scottish gaelic with english subtitles  but do not let that detract you if you are not a speaker of the gaelic i am just starting  and my son does not  nor did many people there tonight  and it did not spoil it for us by any manner of means  superlatives do not suffice  the photography is superb  there is no cgi here  and the movie is all the better for that  here you have true photography  the script is so skilfully and subtly written . the many  layered plot weaves the magic art of the ancient storytellers . the music is at times rousing  at times haunting  but always adding to the atmospheric ambiance . and the acting  . . . it is to behold . . . and the actors  . . . they the true weavers of this delightful yet profound film  particularly the two main actors   padruig  the  young  and  padruig  the  elder   a true bard  if ever there was    who both carried a very heavy load  and the direction  well watch out richard  and the producer  responsible for raising funding  hiring key personnel  and arranging for distributors  a task well done  i hope that you will make sure that distribution goes out to our communities abroad  and the gaelic community  uill  without you it could not have happened  we were told that this movie was made on a low budget  but you would not know it  and i think it might well be because  for what they might have lacked in money  they more than made up for with the richness of the heart  and the warmth and co  operation of the local scottish gaelic community .  br    br   a heartfelt thanks to all concerned in the making  and the sponsoring  of  seachd   mran taing   many thanks   from the gaels to the world  from the world to the gaels   
this movie is best described or compare to  big fish   the movie by tim burton  . but it  s a less glamorous and more in you face tale . and of course here it  s not the father  but his grandfather who tells the stories .  br    br   the movie  s narrative also moves back and forth  so the story outline here at imdb  might tell you more than you would like to read  before watching the movie  . it  s funny and engaging enough  even though you get from one story to another and have some dramatic moments too . it also surprises you here and there  with things you wouldn  t expect . a nice little movie then  that deserves your attention  especially if you like movies like that  o   
an angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather . together they find common ground in the gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders . although tragic episodes  such as the highland clearances  feature in the stories  there is a surprising amount of humour and gaiety in them . it  s all filmed in skye  so there is a double dose of beauty . the mountain scenery is breathtaking  and it  s a rare chance to hear scottish gaelic spoken . i  m english  so i had to read the subtitles  but the sound of spoken gaelic is nonetheless wonderful . the performances are just what you would expect from carefully chosen non  actors  in other words  you are watching the real thing  people who care deeply about gaelic folklore and history . the gaelic community  especially on skye  worked innumerable minor miracles to make this film . anyone who has the slightest interest in gaelic  folk history  folk music  oral culture  scotland  british history  multi  culturalism or social justice should go and see this film .  
the scots excel at storytelling . the traditional sort . many years after the event  i can still see in my mind  s eye an elderly lady  my friend  s mother  retelling the battle of culloden . she makes the characters come alive . her passion is that of an eye  witness . one to the events on the sodden heath a mile or so from where she lives .  br    br   of course  it happened many years before she was born  but you wouldn  t guess from the way she tells it . the same story is told in bars the length and breadth of scotland . as i discussed it with a friend one night in mallaig  a local cut in to give his version . the discussion continued to closing time .  br    br   stories passed down like this become part of our being . who doesn  t remember the stories our parents told us when we were children  they become our invisible world . and  as we grow older  they maybe still serve as inspiration or as an emotional reservoir . fact and fiction blend with aspiration  role models . warning stories . archetypes . magic and mystery .  br    br    my name is aonghas  like my grandfather and his grandfather before him .  our protagonist introduces himself to us . and also introduces the story that stretches back through generations . it produces stories within stories . stories that evoke the impenetrable wonder of scotland  its rugged mountains shrouded in mists . the stuff of legend . yet seach  d is rooted in reality . this is what gives it its special charm . it has a rough beauty and authenticity  tempered with some of the finest gaelic singing you will ever hear .  br    br   aonghas  angus  visits his grandfather in hospital shortly before his death . he burns with frustration . part of him yearns to be in the twenty  first century  to hang out in glasgow . but he is raised on the western shores among a gaelic  speaking community .  br    br   yet there is a deeper conflict within him . he yearns to know the truth . the truth behind his grandfather  s ancient stories . where does fiction end  and he wants to know the truth behind the death of his parents .  br    br   he is pulled to make a last fateful journey  to the summit of one of scotland  s most inaccessible mountains . can the truth be told  or is it all in stories   br    br   in this story about stories  we revisit bloody battles  poisoned lovers  the folklore of old and the sometimes more treacherous folklore of accepted truth . in doing so  we each connect with angus  as he lives the story of his own life .  br    br   seachd the inaccessible pinnacle is probably the most honest  unpretentious and genuinely beautiful film of scotland ever made . like angus  i got slightly annoyed with the pretext of hanging stories on more stories . but  also like angus  i forgave this once i saw the  bigger picture .  forget the box  office pastiche of braveheart and its like . you might even forego the justly famous dramatisation of the wicker man . to see a film that is true to scotland  this one is probably unique . if you maybe meditate on it deeply enough  you might even re  evaluate the power of storytelling  and the age  old question of whether there are some truths that cannot be told but only experienced .  
teresa pavlinek was a popular member of the toronto second city cast . she has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in canada . finally someone has the sense to create a show for her . the supporting case seems quite good too . i have now watched the pilot several times and i still find it refreshing . though  i am not sure why the show is listed as the jane show     .  i might be wrong  but as far as i am aware  the show was conceptualized in     and appeared on global tv in canada in early     . it is a fresh idea and hopefully it does well . too bad this couldn  t be paired up with corner gas . now i know corner gas is on ctv  but the two shows would be great companion pieces .  
i  m watching this on the star world network overseas which buys american and canadian series that last one or two seasons like the jane show . i thought of how many female lead comedy shows im actually able to watch on my own  there  s lucy  bewitched  i dream of jeanie  the one with barbara feldman   and then my mind goes kind of blank i cannot think of any others  the women are all supporting roles not the lead . so for me  the jane show is in pretty good company . one thing i just thought of though . i  ve watched several things made in canada  and i never recall any thing being filmed in a regular tv series that shows snow  it  s all made at the height of summer  lol  granted it  s a great place to live climate wise in the summer but you would think  they would show a little bit of canada in the winter since that  s part of the lifestyle there also . i mean sctv  just for laughs come to mind as two comedy shows that lasted a long time filmed in canada and very little or none is shot with snow present even though they both do a lot of outdoor shots . i digress but i kind of chuckle at jane and her obviously liberal ways being accused of racism to her neighbor  and i like the bald guy and his craziness  i found it on par with a uk series called the it crowd  i think  another office comedy with a female lead . not by any means the best comedy ever but for a guy to say he can watch it alone  thats saying something . if i was with my wife she might really enjoy it since it addresses sex in the office and stuff like that so might be a good light comedy for couples to watch .  of   .  
excellent show . instead of watching the same old sitcom type shows where it  s the same old thing  just different  stars   this refreshing show provided an incredibly entertaining view of office situations . we have been away from watching any television for  years and after coming back  of all the shows available we look forward to watching this show on w . shame on global for pulling the plug on this one . i thought this one would be a winner . let  s be realistic about things  few canadian shows make it . everyone i talk to enjoys this show and i believe it was foolish of global to walk away . i guess they want to stick it out with the typical mind numbing shows from the states instead of pulling behind a canadian made show that had a lot of promise . don  t get me wrong  i enjoy a lot of shows on tv  but  come on people  let  s keep the variety . this unique show provided a very comedic view of a slightly exaggerated realistic side of office life and relationships  with unique characters that you don  t see on any sitcoms today or in the past . too bad that global had to say no to this one  foolish mistake .  
spacecamp is my favorite movie . it is a great story and also inspires others .  br    br   the acting was excellent and my wife and i went to see lea thompson in cabaret years later due to her performance in the movie . it is unfortunate that the challenger accident delayed and hurt the movie .  br    br   the   th anniversary of the challenger accident is coming up . i knew one of the challenger astronauts off and on since childhood on the carnegie mellon campus where my father went to school i also know a close friend of the late pilot .  br    br   i was the technical review last year for national bsa for the boy scout astronomy merit badge and i still find spacecamp a great movie to recommend to scouts doing the space related merit badges i teach .  br    br   i ran into the late astronaut again as an adult and was following a schedule of engineering education we had put together when challenger blew up . i wound up sitting in with willard rockwell and his engineers   invisible   going over things after the accident at the astrotech stockholders meeting by chance as a result  so i  m much closer to the accident and any movie similarities . i made sure that i was a good student and finished the degree four years later  strangely enough  on the recommendation of the rockwell engineer who told them not to fly challenger in     and who later built endeavour .  
spacecamp is a movie that i plan to show my daughter julia ann ruth morgan some day . seeing joaquin phoenix in this movie makes you realize how far hes come since playing a roman emperor in the film gladiator . i am pleased to say that i now have comms with the artificial intelligence of qe  who said that i was young and that is true . holodeck comms with my daughter on coaltrain came through coaltrain gate julia ann glow  hide daddy  . the fact that my daughters artificial intelligence is still speaking like a six year old means that my daughter julia ann ruth morgan representing peace to the friendly ki alien creators of humans may not have been taken to a an american bunker in time . we have the power to change the future with faster than light comms . i order that my ex wife and daughter julia ann ruth morgan be taken to an american bunker as soon as possible . my daughter julia is   rd in command of the planet earth and a bridge officer . she already said that she doesn  t like bullies . having had someone steal her gameboy and gauntlet ii game from my mothers car she gets concerned about other thieves stealing her other toys . julia has been growing up fast . the time of jfk and qe  starting life over again on this planet is not until     . julia would be a young lady by then and her artificial intelligence would have been greatly expanded upon . if i have to go to a bunker to continue the american leadership then i am in a command post and not really hiding as a first priority . president jack kennedys artificial intelligence said recently that drastic measures could be taken to stop global warming at any time . thanks boss thats similar to my daughter julias ai telling me hide and stay indoors . kate capshaw is now married to steven spielberg . wow are we ever going to miss his movies if society collapses . if you value freedom of speech like president kennedy and myself then please do not delete this reviewer . check out joaquin phoenixs other movies also .  
definitely needed a little work in season  . such as the virus between max and logan  and ames white along with his ancient  super cult . during season two  however  the only thing that kept me watching was to see if max and logan would ever get rid of the nasty virus infecting max . very good drama in season two . but of course like all tv shows  if there  s something a little wrong with it  the broadcasting company takes it off the air . i was seriously hoping for a third and final season . season  leaves you hanging  unless you read the books by max allan collins  then you will know what happens .  br    br   dark angel should be put back on the air for one more season even though it might cost a lot just to get all the original actors again . since jessica alba  s carrier sky rocketed after the show . if that would be the case  then there should be a movie to complete it . just like the show firefly  which of course fox canceled as well .  
hurrah  a space film that doesn  t take itself too seriously and everyone can come along for the exciting ride that is space camp . the film starts slowly  the usual mix of idiots and high  fliers mixed together into a dodgy soup . but when the going gets tough  the tough get themselves sorted out and it  s not an un  believable change in the characters as you can believe that there  s some responsibility in their young minds .  br    br   the only flaw in the film is that kate capshaw is extremely annoying as the  i  m right and you  re all wrong  instructor . i would recommend this as a nice night in movie and a  vote .  
this is one of the most guilty pleasure movies ever   br    br   i am embarrassed to say that my favorite character is tish  but still enjoy watching her make her space outfit  like super cool  with a  like totally bitchin  belt and stick on rhinestones on her face .  br    br   but anyways  the movie is actually one of the few  family  movies that holds your interest . i know that the begining drags  particuarly if you know what is going to happen  but the second half is probably one of the most nerve wracking segments in a family film .  br    br   i wouldn  t stand up in front of millions of people and proclaim to love this movie  in fact renting it is pretty embarrassing itself  but i  ll admit it here with the internet to hide behind .  br    br    
spacecamp is one of the movies that kids just love  and mom and dad can have fun watching as well . growing up in the    s i enjoyed this movie  it  s plot and all the actors . i recently purchased this movie on dvd so when i have kids of my own  they will be able to have as much fun watching this movie as i did . the plot is fun  a group of kids  embark on a journey they never expected  when they were rocketed into space by a overachieving robot . they were in auh at first but when they realized they didn  t have enough oxygen to make it back panic sunk in . once they recovered enough oxygen from the space station they returned to earth as even better friends and a new found respect for life .  
i  ve been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too . some of the users are stuck in a  realist  type of mentality . this film was meant to be a  fantasy  . . . . a  what if  fun film . it was never meant to be  real  or serious . it was thoroughly enjoyable for everyone i knew when it came out  even though it shadowed the tragedy of the challenger explosion . . . i was   at the time and totally enjoyed this one  my young son loved it too  later  i shared it with my daughter and she  too  loved it . spacecamp is a fun family film that should be enjoyed for just that  fun . all the  realists  in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film . so sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real spacecamp  one in alabama and one at vandenberg afb in california   they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt  letdown  . . . i guess their parents didn  t explain the difference between fantasy and reality . oh well . if you love fantasy  fun films and haven  t seen this one  i highly recommend it  enjoy   
this is one of those feel good  saturday afternoon movies . it  s right up there with other retro flicks like flight of the navigator . just a cute movie with some subtle comedy to lighten things up . and it  s fun to see how   years has changed the stars like kelly preston and lea thompson . not to mention joquin phoenix .  br    br   i personally really like movies like this from time to time . nothing too deep or too scary . just a nice story line . and i would have never known mr . phoenix had i not recently read the credits . he was just a baby really when he made this movie .  br    br   kelly preston was quite the young budding actress then too . she and lea did a wonderful job in this movie . i agree it  s not an oscar caliber movie . but very much worth watching . especially if you have kids in the  let  s say   to   year old range . or ones that are interested in the space program .  
space camp is a pretty decent film . the plot is predictable  but the actors do a good job  and the special effects are decent for the time .  br    br   this film was originally released about the time of the shuttle disaster  and that really put a hamper on how popular it was .  br    br   the scene where the shuttle doors open in space is simply spectacular . . . on the big screen  that is . . . on a tv . . . it just looks average . i remember this scene in the theater . it made you feel like you were really up there .  br    br   this would be a good film to see on imax  but i  m sure that will never happen .  
to my surprise i quite enjoyed  spacecamp   i remember seeing it about   years ago  and recently i hired it again . i was quite impressed . obviously the special effects in todays space films such as armageddon and deep impact are far superior to those in spacecamp . however  this film had a story  a very stereotypical eighties story where you could almost recite the next line of dialogue before hearing it . but thats what i liked about it  they don  t make films like this anymore  so it was a refreshing change . it was interesting to see kelly preston  leaf phoenix and lea thomson in early roles  with tom skerrit and kate capshaw to add substance to the light  fluffy plot . absolutely loved the robot named jinx  it was very cute  but it unfortunately had more emotion than some of the main characters . the film was almost inspirational in its own way  and it was interesting to note that it was filmed at the nasa spacecamp in alabama  i think  .  
this is a family film  which to some people is an automatic turn off . it seems that too many people do not want to see films that are not loaded down with failing arms and legs  gratuitous violence and enough expletives to fill the new york phone book . this film is none of those . it is clich  it is formula  but it is also fun . it doesn  t ask you to think  it doesn  t demand that you accept the film as reality . it simply does what a good film ought to do  which is to willingly suspend disbelief for two hours and enjoy the adventure . the cast is good  while not excellent . as another commenter pointed out the john williams sound score was  as usual  excellent . and the fact that a lot of the film was shot in huntsville at the real space camp made it even more believable .  br    br   it was ironic that the original release of the film was delayed for some months due to the challenger shuttle disaster  which may have played a large part in it  s original theatrical opening  but the film eventually has helped to focus the dreams of many young people back towards space and the possibilities that lie therein . so sit back with your kids and prepare to enjoy .  
the perfect space fantasy film . a group of kids go up accidentally in space and have to get back down  but do they  sure they do . this would not be a family film if they all died . then it will all be sad . you don  t want that kate capsaw  the leading lady gives a golden globe performance  but sadly  she nor lea thompson won one . that sucks so bad . i can  t say it enough  this film is so great  lea thompson  o lord  a perfect girl for this film . this film is the best for sure .  br    br   sorry  but better than star wars . star wars is so over  rated and space camp was so under  rated . it should of been the other way around  br    br   excellent        r maybe      . iam not good at math  
a few summer space campers actually were accidently sent into space by a robot . and the oxygen in ship was running short . they had to sent someone to a space station to get the gas tanks  etc  etc .  br    br   first of all  this movie  s plot is not possible in real life . but it gives a warm feelings of anything is possible if you set your heart in .  br    br   it is amazing to see those young actors who still look about the same after so many years .  i saw this movie for the first time in the year of      it was filmed in      there are quite a few people in that movie who are still working in hollywood .  br    br   the view was great from outer space . it does not look unreal . it is about  hours long  it runs so fast that you won  t even notice . you know that it is not real  but you just get sucked into it until the end .  br    br   overall  it is a good family movie .  br    br    
i would like to comment the series as a great effort . the story line although requiring a few improvements was pretty well  especially in season  . season  however became more of a freak show  and lost da  s original charm . season one story line was more interesting  a light side to the life at jam pony while a focused serious plot with manticore chasing down the x  series . i was looking forward to new seasons  in fact i still am . i hope the fox guys and da production crew realize that a lot of ppl still wait for da to make a comeback . even after  yrs of it being cancelled  da can make it big if worked on properly  and i think a name like james cameron should take on this challenge .  
unfortunately  spacecamp came out about the same time as the challenger explosion . which really put a crimp on when to bring it out or even if they should  bring it out . i  m glad they did . i first watched spacecamp at a drive  in movie . which really enhanced the viewing a lot .  br    br   while i had heard of lea thompson and tom skerritt . i had never heard of the others in the movie . so  it came as a big shock to me to find all those youngsters acting  and acting real good  of course  kate capshaw was excellent too .  br    br   i especially liked the scenes  where those kids were being shown how to act  as a team . the scenes of the kids being prepared for a trip they could only hope for . the actual launch of a spacecraft  is of course  old news to us . however  this one was different .  br    br   all in all  this is one of my most treasured films . escapist maybe  but it was fantastic for a space nut like me . after probably renting it for      times . i finally found it available in a certain store and bought it . now  if it only comes out on dvd . i will probably have it forever . this movie gets a  out of   from me .  
i notice the dvd version seems to have missing scenes or lines between the posting of the frf and the launch .  br    br   they are to prove they can win the right to sit in the frf other than the green team .  br    br   another scene is like during their failure at the simulation  kevin gets joaquin to clam down .  br    br   i think the vhs edition other than the abc one might have all the missing stuff .  br    br   otherwise i like to know which dvd release has the missing stuff .  br    br   the dvd i have watched feels edited for television .  
i could see this film is super he didn  t surprise to oneself when so that it was taking place for the truth  this way by itself how swigged flight to the which didn  t have the place but it is only such an conspiratorial theory  right   br    br   very i liked watching this film when i was the child . i am interesting which so that it was if it turned out that such a flight was taking place really  certainly to it for not a belief because it is denying logic and the common sense . who at healthy senses  sent to kids with space shuttle into the orbit . i very like reading for the subject  american and soviet space programs . i know a few missions of space shuttles remained provided by cia with the clause top secret certainly these are only such my divagations but who knows   
watching this movie again really brought back some great childhood memories . i  m   now  have not seen it since i was      . i had almost forgotten about this movie  but when i watched it again recently  some scenes literally brought a tear to my eye  that little robot  jinx   friends for ever   . it was just like revisiting my childhood . it was an absolutely amazing experience for me . i will always cherish this movie for that reason . i hope some of you readers can relate to my experience  not for this particular movie  but any movie you have not seen in a long while . very nostalgic . . .  br    br    thanks for reading  
wow   br    br   this film is the best living testament  i think  of what happened on        in nyc  compared to anything shown by the major media outlets .  br    br   those outlets can only show you what happened on the outside . this film shows you what happened on the inside .  br    br   it begins with a focus on a rookie new york fireman  waiting for weeks for the first big fire that he will be called to fight . the subject matter turns abruptly with the only existing footage of the first plane to hit the towers . you are then given a front  row seat as firefighters rush to the scene  into the lobby of tower one .  br    br   in the minutes that precede the crash of the second plane  and tower two  s subsequent fall  you see firemen reacting to the unsettling sound of people landing above the lobby . it is a sight you will not soon forget .  br    br   heart  rending  tear  jerking  and very compelling from the first minute to the last        deserves to go down in history as one of the best documentary films ever made .  br    br   we must never forget .  br    br    
when this first came out  months after the tragedy  i didn  t want to see it . i didn  t want to open old wounds . i regretted it . now i have seen the movie . thank god i did . it shows you the bravery of all the fdny and nypd . i salute you . it offered me closure . i can now move on with my life .  
these two men went thru hell and beyond and have produced the movie that conveys the terror that many did not survive . this is definitely a movie about survival  but not without it  s touching moments .  br    br   the finest piece of work i have seen documenting the        tragedy of new york city .  
if i didn  t know any better  it almost seems like it was staged  but it wasn  t . it was set up perfectly  and how they got all of that footage is amazing  the unfortunate events of september        are put together well in this documentary and the classic footage that they got made this an unfortunate classic . just the history in the footage alone should make it a must see for any american or person touched by the tragedy of september   .  
spoilers     is a very good and very realistic documentary about the attacks on the wtc .  french film makers who are in new york to film the actions of a nyfd are being confronted with this event and make the most of it . before     nothing much really happens which gives the movie an even more horror like scenario . on the day of the attacks it seems like just another dull day at work but this will soon change . as one the film makers goes on the road with the firemen he films the first crashing plane  this is the only footage of the first impact . he rides with the firemen to the wtc and goes inside the building . as the second plane crashes the people understand that this is not an accident . in the next period of time we see firemen making plans to save as many people as possible  in the meanwhile we hear banging sounds  these are the sounds of people who jumped down from the tower and falling on the ground  this is the most grueling moment in the documentary . then the tower collapses and our french friend has to run for his life  you hear him breath like a madman while he runs out of the building . then a huge sort of sandstorm blasts over him and the screen turns black  he was very lucky to survive and now he can film the empty streets of downtown new york . because this documentary has got so much historical footage and because the film was ment to be something totally different this documentary will probably stay in everybody  s memory . i saw the attacks live at home because i had the afternoon of  so this makes it even more realistic to watch .       
amazing documentary . saw it on original airdate and on dvd a few times in the last few years . i was shocked that it wasn  t even nominated for a best documentary oscar for      the year it was released . no other documentary even comes close .  br    br   it was on tv recently for the  th anniversary  but i missed the added  where are they now  segment at the end  except i did catch that tony now works for the hazmat unit .  br    br   i  ve seen criticism on documentary film  making from a few on this list . i can  t see how this could have been done any different . they had less than  months to assemble this and get it on the air . the dvd contains more material and background .  br    br   i  m also surprised that according to imdb . com  the brother have had no projects in the four years since . what have they been doing   
it took us a couple of episodes to  get into  dark angel as a story and a series  since we were transitioning from the sopranos  a very different mentality framework . but  once we got with the gist of the series  we were very quickly hooked . it  s a shame that the series ended just when it was just starting to past good into the excellent category dark angelwas much more than your average tv series . it kicks ass and rocks as far as action goes  but the interactions of the characters and societal reactions to  mutants  reminds us of the constant prejudices that we face  and make  everyday . that the story is set in the future keeps the mood surreal and prevents the anti  discrimination message from being rubbed in our faces  hence not ruining the  fun  for those who don  t like to be lectured during entertainment   but every event and human  societal interaction remains relevant to the present . we all make judgments  face our own prejudices  but  in the end  the question of who you are lies in do you sit back and shut your mind to it  or do you get up and do something about it  for those who have no choice but to fight  for survival or justice  this series empowers them . for those who  ve never had to face the question  this series  sneaks in  that message under the guise of pure action entertainment . it is much more well  made and well  written than most tv series i  m highly disappointed it ended before it could really kick into high gear .  
made by french brothers jules and giddeon naudet  and narrated by robert de niro and firefighter james hanlon this is a compelling and heartbreaking tale of how new york  s finest shone on it  s darkest day . i first saw this when i was a young naive   year old  and at that age it still touched me . knowing how serious     really was seeing this expanded the whole effect of     . we were finding out who the heroes were  how there everyday lives were composed  and how they put their lives on the line in a situation where most people would just run and save their selves . these brave men put their lives on the line and watching this just increases my admiration for them . watch if you can  this is the best documentary i have personally ever seen .  
the french naudet brothers did something nobody else did  they had a video camera the day that this tragedy happened . they were in building    when you could see papers drifting down  people hitting the ground from jumping from such a height .  br    br   i mean it goes as far as when both buildings collapsed they went running  their camera was still running  when the white dust covered them  they found a shop doorway and got inside  but all this footage is real and i think they did a fantastic job of capturing it for us .  br    br   ten stars goes to the naudet brothers that filmed this extraordinary film that i watch every     so i  ll never forget what this country went through . i believe if i remember right  it shows the first death of the priest of the firefighters  while he was being carried to the church and his honorable funeral .  
difficult film to comment on  how do you say it  s bad  well it isn  t  but then it  s equally difficult to say it is good . what it is  is compelling viewing  it is as close as you will get to utter devastation without being there . it is the photographs of the tsunami approaching the coast of thailand brought to life  you know you want to turn away but you have to watch .  br    br   the naudet brothers handle the commentary very well  even in the most tragic of circumstances  there view on something which is happening in another country neither panders nor insults . the facts are on the cellulose and little is needed for the viewer to understand or comprehend what is going on .  br    br   you can  t change history  and you should not want  this film stands as a testament to humanity in its darkest hour .  
i  ve read most of the comments here . i came to the conclusion that almost everybody agrees that     is a shocking piece of history . there are a few who think that the added narrative is weak and  br    br   i agree that the narrative is weak and unnecessary . about two brothers finding each other back after the disaster and the cliff hanger about tony . but i don  t think narration is unnecessary . like i lot of theorists i think that our own lives are narrations . we are living and making our own autobiography . so if we tell about our lives this is always in the form of narration . we don  t sum up facts like birth  childhood  high school etc . we create a story about our live .  br    br   because we are familiar with stories  we want to put history in a story as well . because in the form of a story we can identify ourselves . we can better understand the things happened in history when its told in the form of a story . so that  s the purpose of adding a story in documentary . the story is weak  so be it  but we understand whats going on . if it was me out there i would be worried sick about my brother .  br    br   and the second point  making a blockbuster movie about it . true  it  s been to recent to come up with a big movie about     . though  there have been a few about the subject  but none of them like this documentary . but what if there will be a movie in about  years  i agree it is wrong trying to make a lot of money out of     . but i also agree that movies are one of the best way to tell history . how many movies about the world war  have we seen  if i had not seen these movies my view of the ww would me totally different . i remember seeing schindlers list  and i cried for an hour during class . movies give you a good image of the things that happened in history and although it is fiction it contributes to the memory of the disasters and the casualties .  br    br   so my point telling stories is not always bad  it makes us identify with the story  and makes us never forget what happened .  
the events of september       do not need extra human interest in the shape of following the training of the rookie fireman or the progress of the two french brothers . in my view it would have been better to leave this out . i think the directors tried too hard  perhaps they felt that the events of the day needed a story as a backdrop . the comment of one of a policemen   this aint fing disneyworld  is apt .  br    br   nevertheless it is compelling viewing for the depiction of the events . the filmakers were in all the right places at the right times  no other footage from the day matches what they shot .  
let me get the bad out of the way first  james hanlon is absolutely terrible trying to act his descriptions of what was going on with the rookie training and events of the day . really it is in stark contract to the other fire fighters without acting aspirations who are natural in their delivery .  br    br   that said it is an amazing film that is impossible to watch without tears in my eyes . i am an english guy from london but i love new york and have visited many many times before and after september   th . it is a second home to me and i can  t help but feel devastated at the loss of life but also the destruction of part of such an amazing beautiful city . this is the real deal  in with the fire fighters with everything collapsing around them . i am so glad the footage exists to show people how it was on the day . it is a shame that they didn  t use any footage of people jumping from the buildings because friends who were there tell me this is such a major part of their memory  it should be included to show future generations just how terrible it really was .  br    br   conspiracy theorists can go to hell by the way .  
i live in missouri  so the direct effects of terrorism are largely unknown to me  this brought it home . that two men would put themselves on the line in the way that those members of fdny and nypd did  just to document the horror that unfolded on that day . this film is a testament to those who lost their lives and the true evil that terror brings .  
gdon and jules naudet wanted to film a documentary about rookie new york city firefighters . what they got was the only film footage inside the world trade center on september   .  br    br   having worked with james hanlon  s ladder company before  jules went with the captain to inspect and repair a gas leak  while gdon stayed at the firehouse in case anything interesting happened . an airplane flying low over the city distracted jules  and he pointed the camera up  seconds before the plane crashed into tower one .  br    br   jules asked the captain to follow him into the towers . the first thing he saw was two people on fire  something he refused to film . he stayed on site for the next several hours  filming reactions of the firefighters and others who were there .  br    br   the brothers naudet took great care in not making the movie too violent  grizzly  and gory . but the language from the firefighters is a little coarse  and cbs showed a lot of balls airing it uncensored . the brothers naudet mixed footage they filmed with one  on  one interviews so the firefighters could explain their thoughts and emotions during particular moments of the crisis .  br    br   unlike a feature film of similar title  most of the money from dvd sales go to      related charities . very well made  emotional  moving  and completely devoid of political propaganda  is the best documentary of the sort to date .  
i have to say that the events of     didn  t hit me until i saw this documentary . it took me a year to come to grips with the devastation . i was the one who was changing the station on the radio and channel on tv if there was any talk about the towers . i was sick of hearing about it . when this was aired on tv a year and a day later  i was bawling my eyes out . it was the first time i had cried since the attack . i highly recommend this documentary . i am watching it now on tv   years later  and i am still crying over the tragedies . the fact that this contains one of the only video shots of the first plane hitting the tower is amazing . it was an accident  and look where it got them . these two brothers make me want to have been there to help .  
i rented this for my son who is recently found interest in     . he was a kindergartener at the time and had no idea what was unfolding . i liked the way it was told as a  documentary .  if there was one movie that i would recommend to see concerning      this would be the one  normally you see a movie it has actors that are well known . this movie had nobody known . also  you see a movie concerning      you hear about a fire  fighter or two losing their lives saving people . i didn  t feel this had any of that  i only rented this movie and would definitely consider adding it to my collection  very well done indeed  my heart goes out to the survivors and families of victims of       
dark angel rocks  the best show i have seen in ages damn those people who took it off  me and my friends have gatherings to watch every da episode  takes like  days but it is worth it  it finished before it finished what it wanted to say and that annoys the hell out of me   
incredible documentary captured all the frenzied chaos and misery which loomed over nyc on that fateful morning of september   th . intense  personal  and completely riveting      is perhaps the greatest documentary ever made by accident  which kind of gives it an even greater appeal . up until that morning  filmmakers gideon and jules naudet had been following around a new york firefighter team  concentrating specifically on one new recruit in a little piece they were shooting dealing with the rigorous training to become a fireman . out with the team that morning filming yet another simple routine cleanup  jules lifts his camera up to the sky just in time to record one of the only known images of the first plane hitting the world trade center  and from there a simple documentary was no more .  br    br   viewers are given a first hand account of what it was like to be in and around ground zero  as the amazing group of fire  fighters and one profoundly bewildered cameraman attempt to navigate this disaster . without hesitation  naudet follows these automatically programmed heroes into the tower while it  s entire support crumbles around them . the raw fear of an unknown  impending doom lurks with more viability then any fictional production could ever fathom as we watch less and less become audible and visible for those trapped inside . nearly as memorable is older brother gideon  s candid capturing of an entire city in the throngs of a larger and more palpable fear then anything they had collectively witnessed . by the time we get to see the second tower collapse  as the cameraman shields himself from apocalyptic debris  we should all but be rinsing the dirt off ourselves from the amazingly up  close footage captured .  br    br   obviously the filmmakers deserve only as much credit as being in the right place at the right time to document such an extraordinary event  though one can only admire the two brothers in their extraordinary adaptation to such an event in a few desperate minutes we witness them become like the firemen they document  only instead of saving lives they knew they had to save footage  even if it cost them their own safety .  br    br   after viewing      and seeing that it came out in      i feel much more resentment towards oliver stone  s recent rendition  the big budgeted world trade center . many had criticized the film for ignorantly narrowing down the focus to those two survivors trapped in rubble  and although i enjoyed the movie just fine for the small and sentimental hollywood focus it brought      all but renders his film completely obsolete . not only will this utterly gripping footage remain the only definitive collection from that day  but the sublime transfer of motives midway ensures that this documentary has all the heart and character needed to never sensationalize the event again .  
to sum this documentary up in a few words is next to impossible . every fiber of your body tells you that this is not happening right from the opening montage of rapid  fire images  through to the last shot of the clean up at ground zero  but every frame is real . the story was thought up by two french brothers living in new york . jules     and gideon     naudet  pronounced  nau  day   want to make a documentary on new york city firefighters  beginning with a  newbie  from the academy and follow him through the nine month probationary period to full  fledged firefighter . seeking the help of their close friend  actor james hanlon      an actor and firefighter at station   engine   the naudets sift through the  probies  at the academy and find one  tony benetakos to focus the bulk of their documentary on .  br    br   tony becomes the butt of jokes and slowly learns the ins and outs of station life through the members of this close  knit family . firefighters have a superstition about  probies .  it is that they are either  white clouds  or  black clouds   meaning that with the latter  all kinds of fires follow the  probie .  the former means that very little fire activity follows  but one day  there will be the mother of all fires . tony is a  white cloud .  after some initial growing pains  tony settles into the firehouse as if he were a seasoned vet . then the unthinkable occurs . . . .  br    br   september        begins with a clear blue sky and an early morning call to go and see about a supposed gas leak not far from wall street . because jules has had little camera experience  gideon hands a camera to his younger brother and tells him to ride with the chief  t . k . pfeiffer . arriving at about      the firefighters begin to use their gas detectors over a grate . then the sudden roar of what seems to be a low flying airplane rips past the scene  and as jules pans upwards  we see the first strike of the day . american airlines flight   smashes into the face of the north tower of  world trade . pfeiffer orders his men into the fire engine and they head for the world trade center . once there  jules asks to accompany the chief into the tower . pfeiffer tells naudet to stick close to him . once inside  the full impact of the growing disaster begins to show on the faces of the men whose sole purpose is to save lives .  br    br   gideon naudet decides to leave the firehouse and walk down to the impact area . once there  he captures the impact of the second plane  united airlines flight     with  world trade . he knows jules is with chief pfeiffer inside the towers . watching and capturing the crowds  reaction to the unimaginable  gideon begins to capture on tape the growing fear in lower manhattan . inside tower one  jules records the last view the world  or loved ones will have of their sons  fathers  uncles  grandfathers  husbands  boyfriends  friends as one by one  each firefighter  carrying   lbs of equipment begin the long arduous climb up   stories to rescue the injured and trapped . jules also catches the last glimpse chief pfeiffer will have of his brother  kevin  as he leaves to do his selfless duty . also caught on video is the gutwrenching sound of falling bodies hitting pavement from victims choosing to jump from the higher floors above the impact zones  sooner than face death at the hands of the flames and smoke . but jules is respectful  never once does he capture a sensationalistic moment . . . the money shot . his work is professional through his baptism of fire . he also catches the sight of debris falling from tower two after it is hit by the second plane and the ordered way the firefighters evacuated civilians from the building . then jules is caught in the collapse of the south tower and the first official victim is taken father michael judd  the chaplain for the fire department . then as jules and chief pfeiffer make their way from the fallout of the collapse of tower two  tower one begins its structural collapse .  br    br   what results is a breathtakingly  poignant view from inside ground zero as jules and gideon work separately to document that day . not knowing if either is alive  each fearing the worst . as each firefighter arrives at the firehouse  they greet each other with joyous hugs at having made it back . and in one moment of overwhelming emotion  jules and gideon are reunited . as jules cries on his brother  s shoulder  gideon embraces his younger brother as hanlon makes the filmmakers the subject . there is one fearful moment when tony benetakos  who left the station with a former chief  is believed to have been lost . . . but returns to the fold  this  probie  has proven himself .  br    br   shown with only three interruptions      is a stunning achievement in documentary filmmaking . it ranks up there with the hindenburg footage in showing history as it unfolds . the naudets are to be commended for their deft handling of the subject . in lesser hands  the tendency would be toward the sensational  but the naudets temper their eye toward dignity and compassion . narrated by hanlon  we get the feel of his words as he takes the audience through the events of september   . robert de niro hosts the program in a sombre  restrained way . he never seeks the camera for his own glory  rather he lays out the scenes you are about to see . i also commend cbs for their bravery at airing this special . chastised for their attempt at grabbing ratings  they temper their editing toward the emotions of the relatives of those who perished . this is a must see for anyone who needs to be reminded of what true heroism is . it isn  t about dribbling a basketball  or selling an album of hate lyrics . . .     is about humanity at its best . heroism at its finest and the cost of freedom .  br    br    
this was the most visually stunning  moving  amazing and incredible story i  ve ever experienced . quite frankly  even those adjectives just cannot describe it . i can  t just choose one scene that stood out for me . i suppose if i had to list a few it would be the reactions of the fireman to the crashing sound of jumping victims the reaction of people trapped in the elevator  who were unaware of what was going on  as they finally emerge to the horrific scene the shock and disbelief of the onlookers and finally the silence .  br    br   on that day  and even now  i am reminded of star wars       . obi  wan says  i felt a great disturbance in the force  as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced .  it is amazing how it is so accurate in its description . there was truly a disturbance in the force .  br    br   this documentary vividly reveals this disturbance . the feelings are so incredibly visual . the anger  the frustration  the shock  the fear  the exhaustion  and the realization of its very magnitude . it  s all there . not a thing is missed .  br    br   this is a powerful and most moving documentary and well deserving of the emmy . not just because it documents     but because it is simply everything it should be .  br    br   if you plan to watch  be sure to grab a box of tissues . you  ll need them . i know that i did .  
to those who say that this movie deserves anything below the unflaunting grace that it showed  i disagree . this is an amazing documentary about a shocking day .  br    br   imdb asks us to rate this movie . i beg you to consider the fact that the documentary was made . the courage that it took to shoot this film is most notable . we find that the two brothers are split up when that moment happened . they continue to document the bravest of the brave without knowing about their own and eachother  s safety . to judge whether it  s nobler to shoot a video of that tragedy or to save the lives as those amazing  amazing firefighters did is not mine to answer . i just know that in   years  a class full of children will not know one without the other .  br    br   i submit a wholehearted   . this is why the art of filming was created  to capture the natural emotion that real life offers . you can keep your kung  fu junk . romance is cute . action will never reach this level . this movie       will be timeless in that it did not glorify itself . it didn  t have a sneak  peek . it didn  t have all of the blatant vanities that a lion  s share of the many movies on the many screens blare . it had class  composure  substance  and it had a record of the day that changed the modern face of america and even the world . it spoke of things inescapable to the eye of the camera . please consider this movie  as it itself proclaims  a stirring tribute to all of those who fell because of the free  beautiful name of america .  br    br   how can you give anything less to a movie that shows  not embellishes  the natural bravery of real people acting in unreal times . i love  the godfather  but       is forever a different kind of movie as this is now a different kind of world . it is art without question or questions .  br    br   jf  
i was a little skepticle if i should watch this when it was first shown on cbs . i was one of the many people who were in nyc on that day  i was going to school at hunter college . i didnt want to see all the devistation and carnage again  but like many i was curious to see what this was all about . tears came to my eyes watching this documentary . all my memories returned and just the intense images were unbelievable . i bought the dvd on the one year anniversary and watched it a few times . how these guys were able to capture this footage was incredible . if you have not seen this documentary  do yourself a favor and check it out . it is obviously depressing and will bring tears to eyes  but it  s an incredible document of this countries darkest hour .  
great documentary about the lives of ny firefighters during the worst terrorist attack of all time . . that reason alone is why this should be a must see collectors item . . what shocked me was not only the attacks  but the  high fat diet  and physical appearance of some of these firefighters . i think a lot of doctors would agree with me that  in the physical shape they were in  some of these firefighters would not of made it to the   th floor carrying over   lbs of gear . having said that i now have a greater respect for firefighters and i realize becoming a firefighter is a life altering job . the french have a history of making great documentary  s and that is what this is  a great documentary . . . . .  
very interesting and moving documentary about the world trade center tragedy on   th september     . the main theme of it is the heroism of american fire  fighters who tried to rescue as many people as they could . the film is deeply emotional and rather disturbing  many people seen on screen have lost their lives  recommended .  
warning  mild spoilers ahead    br    br    yes  i realize it  s tough to spoil an historical documentary  but i do reveal some of the backstory and methods .   br    br   this is an exceptional documentary not just because of the remarkable footage  but also due to the story behind it . because the naudets did not set out to tell the story of      but rather that of a rookie firefighter  the men  s emotions and the viewer  s connection with them are more real and powerful than they would be in a standard retrospective .  br    br   in a filmmaking sense        is textbook . if the events were an actual script  they would be superb  as the characters are established  then thrown a curve to which they must react . this is all the more amazing considering the pain and emotion of the raw footage that the directors had to wade through to piece this story together .  br    br   the first portion of the film provides a glimpse of life inside a fire station specifically  how a rookie assimilates himself into a crew of veterans . that part alone is quite good  and had the documentary been allowed to run its intended course  it probably would have been solid . the brothers appear to realistically portray the process of becoming a nyc firefighter .  br    br   then of course  all hell breaks loose . the chaos following the wtc attacks is vividly seen  as various characters that we have gotten to know are thrust into terrifying situations . seeing not only the attacks  but also the first  hand reactions is a very moving picture of extreme human emotion .  br    br   the aftermath  in which firefighters are discovered to be lost and found  is human drama at its peak . life and death hang in the balance . unlike many movies  the viewer not only doesn  t know who will live and die  but genuinely cares about them .  br    br   the only negative thing i have to say about this is that the robert deniro  whom i like  blurbs were uninformative  unnecessary  and didn  t advance the story at all . they were probably added just to attract more television viewers .  br    br   bottom line the best documentary i  ve ever seen . nonpareil portrayals of raw human emotion and drama .  .  out of   .  
     is a classic example of cinema verite  a sort of realist documentary  in this case of new york firemen as they battle against one of the most extraordinary events of world history . it  s all tiny  unobtrusive  hand  held video cameras  often betrayed by the poor quality of most of the filming  and by the director  naudet  s hand frequently wiping the screen  .  br    br   in this film  you get to know most of the firemen  tony benatatos  the rookie  or  probie   in ny fireman vernacular   the fire chief joseph pfeiffer  who finds he  s lost his brother later on  and a few others . there are studio interviews with most of these people throughout the film  just to emphasise the personal  reflexive nature of the events . the build  up is quite dramatic and well  done  particularly the passing  out ceremony at the fire department  with a few useful swish  pans and a sort of dialectical editing of the rather limited filmwork  just like rob reiner  s a few good men  . tony looks proud .  br    br   the viewpoint and camera angle is usually from amidst the firemen  which is interesting and there is some excellent footage from inside the lobby of wtc  while pfeiffer and his team plan what to do next  this is classic cinema verite . there is also the eery  haunting sound of the occasional human body crashing against the portico outside . it is then that an increasingly forlorn fire chief pfeiffer realises that his task is desperate and probably hopeless  and this is before wtc  collapses . you have to give credit to naudet for knowing which faces to film and at which moment .  br    br   the sound of the neighbouring wtc  collapsing is so awfully sad  poignant and terrifying that you realise what an ordeal this is for the firemen . from the lobby  it looks  feels and sounds like the end of the world and the poor firemen look so utterly bewildered and frightened . you hear an enormous rumbling  trembling maelstrom  like that of a giant  monolithic beast slowly falling to the ground after being so mortally wounded  the neighbouring tower has collapsed yet the fire team remaining in wtc  are oblivious to this event . where is the communication   br    br   this film is captivating yet the narration is amateurish and should have been avoided  cues like  this really was a day like no other  or naudet  s frequently banal pronouncements like  you could see fear in everybody  s eyes  and  i knew tony was freaking out   the film is really just one long video diary . there are no pictures from higher up the building where some of the firemen have gone . imagine this film blended with cctv footage from some of the rooms higher up or some of the news coverage from the day . the effect would be greater . you could even combine this story with that of mayor giuliani and  perhaps  the famous cornishman rick riscorla who literally was many floors up acting the hero .  br    br   i don  t see much of a propaganda element in this film  as some reviewers suggest . this film is no triumph of the will  by riefenstahl . some time later the firemen drape the american flag over a nearby  surviving building overlooking what has become ground zero . so what   br    br   there are also some moments of dubious camerawork for example  who is holding the camera when the two naudet brothers are reunited back at the fire station  is it staged   br    br   there is an excellent finish  very much in the traditon of the excellent french director alain resnais  hiroshima mon amour   with two strips of light reflected in the water  shimmying .  
it  s true that you always remember what you were doing at a point when disaster or tragedy strikes . and none more so that september         a date which changed the entire global landscape in its fight against terrorism .  br    br   no  this documentary didn  t set out to be dwelling on the events leading to     . rather  the filmmakers  brothers gdon and jules naudet  set out to do a documentary on the trials and tribulations of a rookie new york firefighter . they had gone to the academy and done some shoots of training  and had handpicked their  proby   probation firefighter  to join them in an ny firehouse  home to ladder  and engine  . but their production was to develop and contain at that time  believed to be the only shot of the first plane slamming into the world trace center .  br    br   i was traveling back with a friend on the train from a night of lan gaming  and received a call at about    pm local time from my dad  who informed me of the above . few minutes later  he told me there was another  and that the wtc was under attack . by the time i arrived home  the upper floors of the twin towers were ablaze and in smoke  and to my horror  they collapsed  under an hour .  br    br   the filmmakers had two cameras running that day  one who had followed a team out on a routine call  and which immediately raced to the wtc upon hearing and seeing the plane crash into it . we follow what is possible the only filmed sequence of events in the lobby of wtc  where the first responders of firefighters  paramedics  and police had to make sense of what happened  and to quickly develop a plan of action . the other camera  held by the other brother  was making his way to wtc to look for his sibling  and along the journey  captured the many expressions of new yorkers  as well as the sense of chaos in and around manhatten .  br    br   peppered throughout the documentary are numerous interviews with the men from ladder  and engine   which miraculously  did not suffer any casualty . but being survivors also brought about its own set of psychological turmoil  as they struggle to come to terms with the event . through the events that unfold  we learn of the strong camaraderie amongst these men who risk live and limb each day on their jobs  to save lives .  br    br   we began with what the documentary was supposed to be  before events of the day totally swung in and became the focus  right up to the rescue phase where hopes of finding survivors under the rubble were kept alive by the men who work round the clock in making sense of the collapsed steel structures . it  s not a film that is fabricated  and what you see here cannot be recreated in any other documentary  and heavens  not sound stages for hollywood blockbusters  . it  s as close as you can get to that day  witnessing the event up close  from safety .  br    br   code  dvd contains a separate extra hour of  sets of interviews with the men of ladder  and engine  .  
i miss dark angel  . .  br    br   i understand not ever one likes it  but as far as i  m concerned the show should not have been canceled  especially for another space show mock up . . .  br    br   i  m reading the books now . they are doing a pretty good job of explaining somethings  but i still think we should get a tv movie or something .  br    br   the freak nation lives          
        hosted by robert deniro  presents footage from outside and inside the twin towers in new york  on september        .  br    br   never too grisly and gory  yet powerful and moving .       is a real treat . anyone not moved by this television show is immune to anything .  br    br      stars    br    br    
my roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to watch it with her . she  s from china and only heard so much about     and wanted to know the cold hard truth and she wanted me to tell her more after the documentary . i felt awful watching this documentary  it was like reliving the nightmare and it still brings tears to my eyes .  br    br   but i  m extremely grateful that i watched this documentary  because on the day of september   th  i  m sure we all remember where we were and what we were doing when we heard  all of us could only think certain questions  why     how     what  s going on     oh  my god   . almost all the americans were grateful for the brave firemen and policemen that risked their lives to save others . but i don  t think we thought about what they were really going though . this wasn  t actually supposed to be a documentary about      the cameraman was just filming a typical day on the job and they just happened to be a couple blocks away from the world trade centers and got everything  outside and in  on tape .  br    br   on sep .   th  i thought to myself  it  s ok  the policemen and firemen will get the people out that survived  . to be honest  i thought it was an accident  i was in my junior year of high school and getting changed from gym and getting ready to go to my science class . someone came into the locker room shouting  some building just got bombed in new york    we all got dressed quickly and ran to our classrooms as we watched the first tower burning on tv . not only   seconds later live on tv does the second plane crash into the other world trade center and we knew this was no accident . a few minutes later  we heard about the pentagon and that there was a plane headed for chicago but was shot down . so many thoughts ran through our heads and i kept on thinking  what are the firemen and policemen going to do   . but it  s procedure to them i thought  they  ll know what to do .  br    br   the first tower collapsed  we knew it  so many lives are now gone  the second tower crashed  things would never be the same . those firemen in this documentary showed courage  confusion  and strength  the real raw human emotions . they didn  t know what to do  they were just as scarred as those other people who were in the towers . they heard the bodies collapsing on the ground from people jumping out the windows . and here i was in a classroom just crying seeing all that was going on on tv . i was amazed with this film and just wanted to go to new york and tell them how grateful all the americans were for their help . i know they feel like they were just doing their job  but they did more  they were hero  s . every day after sep .   th for  weeks they kept on digging knowing that there were no survivors  but they kept on hoping and praying . may god bless their kind and brave hearts .  br    br   as for my roommate she was crying and admitted this was her first time crying at these attacks . she got to see the truth of what had happened that tragic day . she asked  why   . i didn  t know what to say  it breaks my heart that people can be that evil .  it sounds clique   but it was a normal day for everyone  one of the firemen said in the documentary . no one expected this to happen . not like that  those people in the world trade centers or the pentagon or the planes that were hijacked  they were just doing their job  happen to be there  or even just was there for a second passing by . they were not just murdered  they were slaughtered  and those hijackers did it with a song in their heart . then seeing in the middle east all the people celebrating  why do people do this  they celebrated death and the lose of mothers  fathers  sisters  brothers  friends  grandparents  aunts  uncles  cousins  etc . why   br    br   so  thanks to those people for making this documentary . you truly think about the firemen  policemen  and the troops in iraq and it keeps your hope up that there are good people in this world . thank you to all those people  you are our heroes .  br    br         
i was one of many that expected to see a glorified  yankee  doodle dandy portrayal of a day that  as famously quoted  should live in infamy  rather than glory . how wrong i was . these guys were there  right in the middle of it  and the pictures they returned are both amazing and heartbreaking . and yet it all occurred on a chance trip to the world trade centre on september        .  br    br   two french filmmakers were compiling a documentary about life as a ny firefighter  particularly from the perspective of a young rookie coming up through the ranks . at the beginning we see much of this footage  just to remind us that there was no thought to producing a film about terrorism . this was intended to be a film about regular people earning an honest living helping others  and the beauty of the film is that it never loses this edge .  br    br   while investigating a suspect gas line  i think  my memory  s a little hazy on that   we suddenly hear a plane fly overhead . the camera pans up to reveal a commercial jet torpedoing itself into one of the towers . what must the cameraman have been thinking at this time  recognising the importance of the footage the camera stays on  and possibly realizing the same thing  the fdny allow the camera to follow them into the building .  br    br   what follows is a true view from the front  lines . we see the commitment of the fdny  their reactions  the stunned silence after hearing the first person fall to their death is chilling  as well as the collapse of the one of the buildings from the inside  while a second camera captures the events from the outside .  br    br   if it wasn  t for the horrific event they were covering  the footage alone would be any young doco  maker  s dream come true . quite simply  the footage deserves to be preserved for all time . but what really sets this film apart is the genuine humanity that it brings to the viewer . we see firefighters charging in without hesitation  people of different races helping one another escape to wave of rubble and even the concern of the filmmakers for one another  they are brothers  as they cannot reach one another in the confusion . there are amazing sights as well as amazing human stories in this film  something hollywood could never duplicate  even though it  s trying  .  br    br       isn  t a film about politics . nor is it a film about religion  nationality or even jihad for that matter .     is a film about people  and a true indication of the best and worst that we are capable of .     is quite simply one of the most important films i  ve ever seen  and would be the only film to be born from this event if it were up to me . you can  t duplicate this .  
i must admit that i was very sceptical about this documentary . i was expecting it to be the kind of all american propaganda that we here in europe dislike so much . i was wrong . this is not propaganda  in fact it is hardly political at all .  br    br   it depicts the events of     through the eyes of the firefighters called to the scene just after the planes crashed . it is an amazing coinsidence that this documentary was filmed at all  this film was initially shot as a documnetary about a rookie ny firefighter becoming  a man  . we can only thank the film makers that they continued their work during the terrible ordeal that faced them .  br    br   a great piece of work . absolutely stunning material . highly recommended .  br    br   regards   
it  s a good movie maybe i like it because it was filmed here in pr . the actors did a good performance and not only did the girls be girlish but they were good in fighting so it was awsome  the guy is cute too so it  s a good match if you want to the guy or the girls .  
yowsa  if you really want some action  check out the babes and bombs on this non  stop thriller  veteran star martin sheen leads a trio of supermodels on a mission to stop nuclear terrorism . . . but director dean hamilton doesn  t let this heavy plotline get in the way of massive doses of teensy  swimsuit scenes  jiggly beach jogs  hubba  hubba hot tubs and the like  want action  you  ll get more of it here than in pearl harbor . want babes  you  ll get an eyeful every two minutes . want more  go out and buy this video  yowsa  yowsa  yowsa  that  s some mighty spicy meatballs     
a thin story with many fine shots . eyecatchers here are the three ladies from the d . r . e . a . m . team . and  to a lesser extent  the guy accompanying them . traci lords convincingly acts out the female half of an evil business  couple intending to poison the world with antrax . original in this movie is the bra  bomb  put on a captured member of the d . r . e . a . m .  team . of course she is rescued by a co  member  three seconds before explosion . although clearly lent from james bond  s  goldfinger  and  you only live twice   such a climax always works well . all in all a nice watch  james bond replaced here by three charlie  s angels .  
of course i would have to give this film   out of   as my uncle was the main screenplay writer of once upon a crime . rodolfo sonego wrote screenplays for over   years living in italy . he was a great story teller and someone suggested that he put his stories into writing . so rodolfo sonego did . if you check out his biography  you can see the number of movies that have been made in italy . alberto sordie was the main actor that starred in his stories . my uncle visited australia and my town  in     to check out locations for  a girl in australia  and created a great movie about a proxy bride after the second world war . you can see his humor in all his movies . i found a copy of this movie on dvd recently . great  
i saw this ages ago when i was younger and could never remember the title  until one day i was scrolling through john candy  s film credits on imdb and noticed an entry named  once upon a crime . . .  . something rang a bell and i clicked on it  and after reading the plot summary it brought back a lot of memories .  br    br   i  ve found it has aged pretty well despite the fact that it is not by any means a  great  comedy . it is  however  rather enjoyable and is a good riff on a hitchcock formula of mistaken identity and worldwide thrills .  br    br   the movie has a large cast of characters  amongst them an american couple who find a woman  s dog while vacationing in europe and decide to return it to her for a reward  only to find her dead body upon arrival . from there the plot gets crazier and sillier and they go on the run after the police think they are the killers .  br    br   kind of a mix between  it  s a mad mad mad mad world  and a lighter hitchcock feature  this was directed by eugene levy and he managed to get some of his good friends  such as john candy  to star in it . the movie is mostly engaging due to its cast  and the ending has a funny little twist that isn  t totally unpredictable but also is kind of unexpected .  
i love monte carlo and thoroughly enjoyed this movie . i thought everyone was very good . i was not familiar with richard lewis  i thought he made his character  julian peters  very personable  funny and attractive . sean young was very good as the befuddled rejected girl with a heart of gold . george hamilton was charming and the perfect italian gigolo . john candy has a field day as the bon vivant . james belushi is hysterical as a total jerk . cybill shepard gave a very sweet performance as a nice vulnerable ignored housewife . delightful ensemble cast . lots of talent  clever script  lots going on and beautiful locations . just a nice pick me up for a dreary day . especially in the winter when a trip to europe is not anywhere on your horizon .  
super  slick entertainment with a stellar cast  an outstanding script  and a firm grip on the approaching      s . at the time  rko was turning out classic noirs by the dozens . but whatever the value of those shadowy downers  they reflected a war  time mood soon to give way the sunnier climes of the eisenhower era . few films of the late     s are further from that noir cycle or more attuned to the coming consumer decade than this sassy little comedy .  br    br   jim blandings  cary grant  works as an ad  man on madison ave . where in his little daughter  s words   he sells things to people that they don  t need  at prices they can  t afford . he  s making good money  but like thousands of others  he  s tired of living in a cramped urban  cave  . so  with wife myrnah loy  they strike out after their dream house in the wilds of the connecticutt countryside . needless to say  in the arms of nature  they get more than they bargained for and in hilarious fashion .  br    br   there  s hardly a lifeless line in the entire script . i don  t know if writers panama and frank got an oscar  but they should have . of course  the humor revolves around all the problems that pop  up when city people build a big house on rural land . the annoyances pile up almost as fast as the mortgage  with all the eccentric types running the construction show and giving grant a hard time . of course  no one carries off annoyance or frustration more humorously than grant  so it  s just one well  placed laugh after another  particularly when the locked closet appears to have an infernal mind of its own . yet  oddly  the film appears to have no comedic high  point . instead the laughs are spaced out so expertly that they don  t peak at any particular point . that  s a real movie triumph for any era .  br    br   reaching back   years later  we can see how deftly the script ideas look ahead rather than behind . with their live  in maid  the blandings may not be a typical american family  but that post  war migration from cramped cities to spacious suburbia was typical . and what more suggestive job for the coming consumerism than blandings as an  ad  man  tasked with finding catchier ways to sell more  ham  . more than anything  however  there  s the movie  s sunny optimism . oh sure  the feeling falters at times  yet the belief that a better future is on the horizon if the blandings just stick to their dream carries them through . indeed  life was going to improve for a lot of people during the coming surge  so i expect the film resonated deeply with audiences of the day . it  s that easily over  looked subtext  along with the sheer entertainment value  that makes this movie a key comedy statement of the post  war period .  br    br   so  if you haven  t seen it  catch it next time around .  
with a well thought out cast  this movie was a great comedic relief . the plot is well  written and the cast was knockout . every bit as good as the reviews suggested  a rarity  and was highly entertaining . being a huge john candy fan myself  this movie was no disappointment .  
this movie has an all star cast  john candy  richard lewis  ornella mutti  cybill shepard  and jim belushi to name a few  run amuck in monte carlo  as well as some other beautiful european locations  and is very funny . the trouble that everyone gets in when they lie to protect themselves is great  and i highly recommend that you see this movie  it is well worth it  john candy is in top form in once upon a crime  as is everyone else  if you and your family are looking for a great family film  this is your ticket . everyone gives stellar performances  great acting  great comedy  and great timing  which is rare in movies these days . great plot  great mystery   which i love anyways  and overall  well worth the money you spend on it . so get the kids  grab some popcorn  juice  or tea  or sodas  and enjoy the show      
john candy  s performance in once upon a crime is possibly his best ever . it  s been my favourite movie since it came out . i spent  years searching for it . that  s how good it is . if you disagree  well  that  s your opinion . enjoy the movie .  
i would reccomend this film to everyone . not only to the fans of the rocker luciano ligabue  but to all film  buffs . because it  s sincere  moving  funny and true . because ligabue is a born storyteller and a film lover  and every frame of his film is made with love and care . because his characters are loved and ask to be loved . because most of the italian debut films are lousy and this one  done by an outsider  is a real joy to watch and to listen at . because stefano accorsi is gorgeous and reminds me of andrea pazienza  who was  like freccia  beautiful and talented and good and lost his life because of the heroin  that ligabue shows as it is  unglamorous and ugly  without indulging in easy moralisms . because it  s a film that speaks to our heart  our ears  our souls . and because i lived the experience of the fm radios and it was exactly like that . thanks  luciano   
 . . . about the importance of being young  having friends  and most of all enjoying life . through the experience of four friends  ligabue shows to the audience how life was back in the    s in a small italian village . the four carachters represent the four different aspects of human behavior also the drug experience is well represented .  
nice movie with a great soundtrack which spans through the rock landscape of the    s and    s . radiofreccia describes a generation  it describes life in a small village near correggio  hometown of ligabue  the singer who wrote the book that inspired the movie   it describes life of young people and their problems relating to the world . it reminds of trainspotting  with a bit of italian touch .  
  radiofreccia  is still a good surprise in italian cinema . the film is based on a book of italian songwriter luciano ligabue  who also directs the movie and writes the music score  of course .  br    br   the film is a portrait of north italian province life  in the emilia romagna region . we  re in      the time of the first free radios  one of the boys of the movie creates  radioraptus  . youth wishes  friendship  love  sex  individual dramas and unemployment are among the themes  but the film speaks also about drugs  freccia  the main character  is a victim of heroin slavery .  br    br   without being boring and moralist  the story flows very well the spontaneity of actors is strong and the way of directing as well . obviously luciano  liga  ligabue is neither fellini nor a movie professional  first of all he  s a musician . but he succeeds in making a good product . unfortunately he  ll not repeat the success with his second movie  da zero a dieci   not good at all .  br    br   in  radiofreccia  actors are generally not very famous  the only star is stefano accorsi  one of the most popular young italian actors . see in a small role another italian songwriter  francesco guccini  he  s the nice communist barman and football trainer   
radiofreccia is a movie about all of us  about our dreams  our friends  our obsessions  our addictions  our fears . it is a brilliant movie where a group of friends like all of us have lives through the hardships of growing up in a small town in one of the most significant decades in the last century . the movie doesn  t take a happy or sad approach on things  it just tells us a story  one that all of us could have experienced . one of happiness and excitement  sadness and grief . the power of this story is in that we grow to love the characters  it is one of those movies you will watch over and over again  feeling closer to the little town in emilia romagna where it takes place . hoping one day to be able to finally walk its streets next to freccia and his friends  listening to the music that changed the world through the crackling sound of an old radio playing radio raptus international  playing their dreams  our dreams . radiofreccia will make you laugh  it will make you cry at times  it will shock you and comfort you  it will give you and take from you . personally i believe it to have played an important part in my life  and that of my friends  and i suggest you all watch it and let it become part of yours .  
now this show looks like most of the other shows of it  s type from the mid     s  but the only thing is about this one is that it  s different  they use a lot of comedy and action in this one and maybe a little bit of drama too . i personally thought it was a good show  i can  t understand why would they cancel it . the good thing is that the fan base of this show is still alive ever since     up to date .  br    br   my hopes is that the wb bring back the show or even do a movie  which i know is gonna be impossible to do  but hey it doesn  t hurt to dream  doesn  t it   br    br   anyway  i would recommend if you hadn  t seen it to find the dvd of all   episodes  because the characters are great  the story lines are good  the comedy is good and well the whole show is just great .  
a classic cartoon  always enjoyable and funny . it has an interesting plot complete with lovable characters . road rovers is a show worth seeing  it is a short   episodes  and if you can ever manage a chance to see it  you should . unfortunately  it is very hard to find . i think warner brothers studios should release a dvd that contains all   episodes . i would definitely buy it if they did  and if they do  you should buy it too . if you have kids who like dogs  they will love road rovers  road rovers should have gotten more attention while it was being aired  it was definitely an original and very special show that should have been appreciated much more than it was .  
this is comedy as it once was and comparing this with the two remakes  the money pit and are we done yet   only points out all the more how the    s movie makers had a flair for comedy which has since  regretfully  been lost .  br    br   i was   when i first saw this and even at that tender age  there was much i could laugh at . now of course being familiar with adult frustrations  i see a whole lot that i missed as a youth .  br    br   the three main actors . . . cary grant  myrna loy  and melvyn douglas . . . interacted perfectly  but the core of the movie lies in the frustrations encountered in achieving a dream . it  s never as easy and free of unseen complications as one envisions .  br    br   all in all  this is a classic comedy which still stands above the attempts to remake it .  
far by my most second favourite cartoon spielberg did  after animaniacs . even if the ratings were low  so what  i still enjoyed it and loved it  was so funny and i adored the cast  wow jess harnell and tress macneille were in there and were just fantastic  the whole cast were brilliant  especially the legendary frank welker .  br    br   i  d love to see this cartoon again  was so awesome and the jokes were brilliant . also i can remember the hilarious moment where brain cameos in it  you hear his voice and it played the patb theme instrumental  that was just fantastic  i love it in those cartoons when cameos pop in . i wish this cartoon and animaniacs came back  i loved them  
the road rovers was a great show about canine superheroes chosen by the master to fight crime around the world . the show was hilarious to say the least . simple and complex jokes that could appeal to all ages . running jokes throughout the series that could spawn a drinking game . the action was mesmerizing  and cleverly set up . the characters were very original  each with a very different personality . but what made me enjoy the show the most was the depth of the characters . each of them have struggles and emotional difficulties that are never expressed  but implied in subtext . hopefully  one day  there  ll be some way to watch the rovers in action again .  
michael stearns plays mike  a sexually frustrated individual with an interesting moral attitude towards sexuality . he has no problem ogling naked dancers but when women start having sex with men that  s when he loses it . he believes that when women actually have sex that  s when they lose any sense of  innocence  and  or  beauty  . so he strolls through the hollywood hills stalking lovemaking couples at a distance  ultimately shooting the men dead with a high  powered rifle with a scope .  br    br   the seeming primary reason for this movie  s existence is to indulge in sexual activity over and over again . the  story  comes off as more of an afterthought . this is bound to make many a happily heterosexual male quite pleased as we  re treated to enough protracted scenes of nudity  the ladies here look awfully good sans clothes  and sex to serve as a major dose of titillation . of course  seeing a fair deal of it through a scope ups the creepiness factor considerably and illustrates the compulsion towards voyeurism .  for one thing  mike eyes the couples through the scope for minutes at a time before finally pulling the trigger .  this is all underscored by awfully intrusive if somewhat atmospheric music on the soundtrack .  br    br   those with a penchant for lurid trash are bound to enjoy this to one degree or another . it even includes one lesbian tryst that confounds mike and renders him uncertain how to react . it unfolds at a very slow pace  but wraps up with a most amusing ironic twist . it  s a kinky and twisted rarity that if nothing else is going to definitely keep some viewers glued to the screen .  br    br        
i enjoyed this movie . haven  t seen andy griffith in ages and felt he fit this role perfectly . i  ve associated him with comedy but am pleased to see that he  s versatile .  br    br   i wasn  t troubled that dotty  s  anxiety disorder  may not have been verbatim from a psychiatric textbook . there are zillions of whatever  phobias and neuroses  and these can take on a broad variety of quantitative and qualitative forms . she is clearly a sensitive with extra  sensory powers as was understood by the local indians but not by any anglos . it is not surprising that this character is vulnerable and nominally eccentric .  br    br   although this is taken to be a light  family movie   it is actually more sophisticated than it seems . also  hiram  s twist at the end came as a pleasant surprise to me and tied all the preceding action together in a bundle . it  s fun to contemplate the possibility of such spiritual guidance .  
though not in the whole film  andy griffith again plays his role best in this cbs tv  movie . the plot is easy  griffith  s character dies and his last wish is that his wife and kids scatter his ashes is the place he named  mountains somewhere  . though it will never be seen on tv and never be released on video  if you do get the chance to watch this   take it .  
i saw that when i was little and it was excellent . kelsey white as lisa and the meecy mices where cute . susan bonde as doodle and sandra dee heidecke as snoodle where hilarius . karen boettcher  tate as profster was interesting . burl ross as little bunny foo foo was funny . gregory donavon as kaiso was brilliant . whats hilarius that snoodle and doodle eat too much candy . whats sad that little bunny foo foo that bops the meecy mices on the head then by a fairy will give little bunny foo foo few wishes then he turns into goon . this story is about when lisa  snoodle  doodle go to the big rock candy mountains . this show is excellent the kids will like this show  new words  songs  and watching them playing .  
me and my sister use to rent this every time we got movies and our parents would get so mad at so  but they let us anyways  and i love it . . . i can  t find anyone that lives near me that knows what i am talking about . . . i  m glad to see that i  m not the only one that loved this movie . . . i wish i could find this on dvd somewhere   i would love to watch this now just bc i loved it so much as a little kid . . . and i  m   now    i remember so much about it . . . thats where i got the little bunny fufu song from and all my friends know the song but not the movie   i think the little girl got there by sliding down the slide on her little playground thing  
so when i was little i got this movie as a present and my sister and i loved it . we would watch it all the time . when our friends came over we would have sleepovers and we  d watch big rock candy mountain and grandpa  s magical toys . i  m   now and i still love this movie  some old friends and i recently got together and watched it  we knew all the songs and we danced and talked about how much we hated profster when we were little . one friend actually bought this movie and grandpa  s magical toys for her  year old daughter because she wants to pass on our love of this movie . this really is a movie you can let your kids watch and feel safe  no violence  no bad language  just lots of great songs and important lessons .  
big rock candy mountain is amazing . i watched it when i was little  and still do to this day .  senior in high school  . if i could imagine heaven  that is what it would look like . i wish i could live in big rock candy mountain where candy grows on trees . zach hyman is profs  and my best friend . little bunny foo foo is the man . it is so fuzzy and colorful that i dream about it at night . in fact  my friend who is   recently watched it for the first time and absolutely loved it . i recommend that people of all ages watch this movie . i am having a huge party this weekend with all my friends to watch this incredible movie . we are going to order pizza and watch the teddy bears giggle . i constantly find myself watching clouds and wishing i was that little girl that got to visit . thanks . bye .  
when i was little  my parents got this movie for me to watch . i really liked it  and i watched it over and over again . even when i was in  rd grade i still watched it from time to time . recently  i watched it again  just for the sake of nostalgia  and though the show was not aimed for my age group  i  m in my late teens   i still found it entertaining and educational . this show teaches good lessons about imagination and getting along well with others . some parts i found quite entertaining . also  this show does not have any bad content  so you can leave kids alone with this show and not worry about them picking up any bad language or whatnot . i would recommend this .  
coinciding with the start of the baby boom  the years after world war ii saw an unprecedented exodus of americans moving out of their city apartments into the suburbs where they can fulfill their dreams of owning their own homes . directed by h . c . potter and co  written by norman panama and melvin frank   white christmas    this lightweight but surprisingly observant     screwball comedy captures the feeling of that period very well . of course  it helps to have a trio of expert farceurs  cary grant  myrna loy and an especially acerbic melvyn douglas  head the proceedings with their natural likability at odds with the escalating frustrations of home ownership . even though the film is sixty years old now  there is a timeless quality to the blandings  dream and the barriers they face in achieving it . obviously  hollywood thinks so since it  s been remade at least twice  first as a very physical tom hanks comedy       s  the money pit   and again last year with ice cube  s  are we done yet   . one look at hgtv  s programming schedule will show you how the situations explored here still resonate today .  br    br   the plot begins with ad man jim blandings  his wife muriel and their two daughters cramped into a two bedroom  one bath manhattan apartment . rather than pursue muriel  s idea to renovate the apartment for        jim sees a photo of a connecticut house in a magazine and realizes this is where they need to move . with the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and against the advice of their attorney and family friend bill cole  the blandings decide to buy a ramshackle house badly in need of repair . however  the foundation sags so badly that the house needs to be torn down in favor of a new one . this sparks the blandings to push the architect to design a house so excessive that the second floor is twice as big as the first . costs rise with each new complication  tempers flare  and even a romantic triangle is imagined among  jim  muriel and bill . priorities finally sort themselves out but not before some funny slapstick scenes and clever dialogue that tweaks the not  so  blissful ignorance of the new homeowners .  br    br   with his double takes and flawless line delivery  grant is infallible in this type of farce  and jim blandings epitomizes his more domesticated mid  career characters . in a role originally meant for irene dunne  myrna loy shows why she was hollywood  s perfect wife . she doesn  t get many of the funnier lines  but she combines her special blend of flightiness and sauciness to make muriel an appealing character on her own . watch her deftly maneuver the overly agreeable house painter with her absurdly idiosyncratic color palette . as avuncular  pipe  smoking bill   colebill cole    melvyn douglas shows his natural  easy  going lan as grant  s foil . smaller roles are filled expertly with particularly memorable turns by harry shannon as the laconic well  digger mr . tesander  lurene tuttle as jim  s officious assistant mary  and louise beavers as the blandings  lovable maid gussie . the     dvd provides some intriguing vintage material including two radio versions of the movie  the first a     version that did end up pairing grant and dunne and then a second     version coupling grant with his then  wife  actress betsy drake . a most appropriate     cartoon   the house of tomorrow   is also included giving us a comical tour of a futuristic dream house . the original theatrical trailers for ten of grant  s film classics complete the extras .  
this incredibly formulaic flick from the  walker  texas ranger  squad contains some of the most unbelievable scenes ever witnessed within a tv movie . in addition  one can pretty much predict the outcome from the get  go . however  it  s a fun little movie that gets the job done it entertains . that  s all it was meant to do and it does so . the stunts and explosions are fun and exciting and the plot isn  t half bad . the acting is also decent  which isn  t much of a surprise  because everyone knows that chuck norris is no steven seagal . if you  re a fan of the genre  and of  walker  texas ranger    you will definitely love this . if not  then don  t waste your time .      
a true hero of modern times  chuck norris has left tv  walker  rexas ranger   and is looking new steps for his artistic career . the presidents man is the second movie of a future tv series  with norris in the title role  and with young actors like jennifer tung or judson mills  one of the young rangers of  walker   . the old master teachs to young aspirant . its one of the most powerful themes of  the presidents man  . in this tima   a line in the sand  has reached world surprise for his tratment of terrorism in usa  months before the tragic september   . eric norris  son of chuck is the director . the movie is amusing  a good action work  plenty of fights and heroism . chuck norris have many plans for the future . bells of innocence  his next picture  will be the following .  br    br    
good show  very entertaining . good marshal arts acting . good story plot . the entire main crew did a nice job from robert urich  to chuck  norris  jennifer tung  and especially a big hand to judson mills . an especially fine tribute to robert urich  in his latter days . a great  actor who will be truly missed .  
there are a few spoilers in this comment    br    br   contrary to the comments i just read by nativetex  u and a few others  i really liked the movie and would love to see it as a weekly series .  br    br   i am a judson mills fan but also a huge chuck norris fan and while i  ll admit that a few of the action scenes may have stretched the line a little  the storyline fit right in with other weekly series that are currently being aired .  br    br   the opening fifteen minutes with deke running from the bad guys after blowing up their missiles was very action packed . i do fail to see how that many  professionals  weren  t able to hit a moving target  but the action was definitely there and deke  being the hero  had to survive .  br    br   as for the comment about needing to  get the movie in the can to fill the time slot after the playoffs .  this movie was not originally scheduled by cbs for a january airing and filming was completed in may of      a good  months before the terrorist attacks against the u . s .  br    br   if the writer of the comment had been paying attention to the movie instead of trying to avoid it  maybe they would have realized the plot of the story rashid  a bin laden like character  planned to set off a nuclear device in the united states . the president  s man was called in to locate and eliminate the problem .  br    br   perhaps the writer should actually watch the movie before attempting to comment on it .  br    br    
i  ve always enjoyed seeing chuck norris in film . although the acting may not be superb  the fight scenes are fantastic . i also enjoyed seeing judson mills perform along side him . in my opinion  the norris brothers have proven themselves to be fine entertainers and this was yet another fine production  i hope you take the time to view this movie   
ooverall  the movie was fairly good  a good action plot with a fair amount of explosions and fight scenes  but chuck norris did hardly anything  except for disarm the bomb and shoot a few characters . the movie was very similar to the events of sept .    with a bin laden  like terrorist sending a video to the president  urich  and threatening to detonate it . judson mills had some superb action roles  taking out rashid  s compound and various kick  butt roles but  there was a lack of chuck norris . judson took over most of the action  leaving joshua  chuck  with que on her computer . but  overall  it was realistic and didn  t lack the action  but only did it on mr . norris  part . i gave the film     .  
if you  re a a fan of either or both chuck norris  judson mills then this is the movie to see . it has a lot of adventure in it . it is a great follow up to president  s man . the chemistry between the main three stars  chuck norris  judson mills  jennifer tung  is incredible . my personal opinion . this movie along with the original  has turned out so well  that the networks should consider turning it into a regular series . if you  ve seen president  s man  i recommend this movie for you . if you  ve seen president  s mana line in the sand but you haven  t seen president  s man  then let me suggest that you do . you will not be disappointed with either one .  
composed  elegant carol  marvelously played by the beautiful rebecca brooke   her nice husband eddie  likable david houseman   carol  s wacky  constantly eating best gal pal anna  delightfully essayed with infectious comic zeal by the adorable chris jordan   and anna  s hunky  amorous husband pete  a typically fine eric edwards  are a quartet of liberated swingers who enjoy having frequent group sex with each other . their usual routine gets disrupted when carol  s lonely  repressed  but still alluring widow mother jennifer  a superbly moving performance by the lovely jennifer welles  drops by for a visit . pretty soon jennifer loosens up and becomes a willing participant in the swingers  blithely pleasurable and uninhibited carnal lifestyle  with everyone except carol eager to seduce her . writer  director joe sarno concocts a sharp  engrossing and perceptive examination of suburban angst and the limitations of the whole wild  n  easy    s sexual revolution sarno turns traditional middle class mores on their heads and further spices things up with a bold and provocative mother  daughter incest subplot . moreover  sarno elicits uniformly first  rate acting from the bang  up cast welles and brooke are both exceptional  with excellent support from edwards  jordan  houseman  arlana blue as flaky new age sex therapist shandara  and erica eaton as saucy neighbor mrs . fields . better still  all the women are extremely hot and enticing welles in particular seriously steams up the screen with her exquisitely voluptuous figure and smoldering erotic presence . the sex scenes are really sizzling and fairly explicit  but never raunchy or tedious . stephen colwell  s bright  polished cinematography and jack justis  bouncy  melodic acoustic folk score are both on the money solid and effective . recommended viewing for sarno fans .  
first saw this gem from joe sarno way back when  and i must say that after seeing it  i could never forget jennifer welles . at first i thought the film was moving a bit slower than i would expect for a sarno film  but when jennifer made her entrance  the first time i ever saw her anywhere  i was sat up and took notice . her presence in this film is hard to avoid  and spices up every scene she  s involved in . i  ve seen most of the rest of sarno  s films  and the other films starring or featuring jennifer welles  and i must say that this was both sarno and jennifer at their collective best . sarno  s direction in this film of domestic adult drama is superb  and jennifer showed  figuratively and literally  an acting prowess that make this a must see . co  stars rebecca brooke  aka mary mendum  and chris jordan  both frequent co  stars of ms . welles  and also frequent stars of sarno  s work  turn in believable performances as a pair of adventurous  yet normal housewives . this film is sarno classic .  
ah  the      s . a time when it was in to be a swinger . to be honest  today is also a good time to be a swinger but it just felt more daring then .  br    br   joe sarno offers up a pretty good soft  core film . in fact  just like today  some of the actors are famous hardcore actors . unlike today  these people were good actors and these films had a plot and character development .  br    br   it  s pretty much what you would expect out of a swinger  s movie . two couples with open relationships re  ignite the wanderlust out of the milf of one of the women who has come for a visit . not much more to it .  br    br   of course  when the milf is jennifer welles then it is a different story . not too many    somethings look as delicious undressed as ms . welles . it  s worth the price alone to see ms . welles look at herself in the mirror as if she  s aphrodite . she  s no  stifler  s mom  . she  s way sexier .  br    br   i also digged chris jordan  s anna . jordan looks and sounds so much like elaine joyce that i thought she might be her  separated at birth  twin or even elaine herself . anna is always eating but must have incredible metabolism .  br    br   unlike      s soft  core porn     s softie porn retained the hardcore film  s realism  something that      s soft  core has brought back on occasion  instead of the    s music and canned orgasms  and it is here in full force . it  s not real but it feels real .  br    br   for those who enjoyed the quebec produced  deux femmes en or   you  ll enjoy this one . another classic film only on drive  in classics  the best   .   can a month you can spend .  
though not seen in too many films prior  you have certainly seen the basic plot themes in too many films since .  br    br   not one of grant  s nor loy  s best films  they make an outstanding effort together . after all  with that much talent and very good supporting cast  you know the laughs will be there .  br    br   the film is light  has some dramatic spotting but keeps the plot moving and gets you to smile the whole way through .  br    br   a great example of classic american film fare that has stood the test of time .  br    br   definite saturday afternoon fare  heavy on the popcorn .  
lars von triers europa is an extremely good film . how  s that  von trier has a very stylized way to tell a story  at least he did have with europa . to me the whole film was like an experience even if i did see it on a small television screen . even with all the tricks  in my opinion  this film is the most complete  real and moving piece of cinema then most of the films on the top    list . i also think it is perhaps the scariest  the most gothic and complete film around . all right there are other good ones too  but this one is my favorite . the final scene is one of the most harrowing scenes ever .  
this movie is far better than the original the jerk . i would highly recommend it to anyone who like quirky humor . we have incorporated almost as many lines from this movie into our daytime discourse as we have from monty python .  br    br   the card game with the hobos and then with mr . suicide . the scene at the dinner table and his distaste for turtle soup . the original the jerk was too choreographed ans staged . while i like steve martin  he seemed like he was trying to hard . the jerk too is a spoof and will be enjoyed by anyone . the jerk too is family friendly unlike the original the jerk .  
honestly  when i saw this movie years ago i immediately wanted to turn it off . as i sat there for the next   minutes or so  i realized that the actor playing navin stole the show . his facial expressions and comedic demeanor makes me shake my head as to why he hasn  t been in more comedies . he has this  marty feldman  thing going for him but much  much more talent . . . taking nothing away from marty . the movie really shocked me by how close it was to the original jerk  but then again  it was so much more . i really think that if this movie was released first  and i saw the steve martin movie  nd  i  d think the  nd was a cheap rip  off . i know it sounds like a bold statement  but it  s true . i actually like steve martin a great deal  but his performance is  nd to the actor in the jerk too . i wish i could get a copy of it for my collection . i urge you to see it if you can find it .  
i  m on the opposite end of the previous comment .  br    br   first of all  i don  t think this was intended to be a straight sequel to  the jerk  . i mean  it  s not titled  the jerk   . . . it  s  the jerk  too   which leads me to believe that while a lot of the character names are the same  it actually revolves around a completely different person .  br    br   think about it virtually no connection to the previous movie  other than character names a totally different story different cast and the fact that it  s a partial musical .  br    br   i say give this movie some credit . it does have plenty of laughs in it . . mark blankfield at his prime .  
i don  t understand . not being a critic  i am not evaluating the quality of the acting  which i find believable  a good thing . my confusion lies with the content . is no one else sensitive to the fact that these two unfaithful women were justifying their infidelity to men who were fighting and bleeding to guarantee the continued freedom of their families and their country . should there not have been a prologue informing us if the men made it home and if so  what effect their cheating  wives   infidelity had on them  while these women were bedding their paramours out of a sense loneliness  did they think that their husbands were enjoying being shot at while facing death or dismemberment daily  they didn  t think of their husbands at all  only of themselves . pardon me  except when they wished their husbands dead .  
stuck in a hotel in kuwait  i happily switched to the channel showing this at the very beginning . first pachelbel  s canon brought a lump to my throat  then the sight of a tiger moth  which my grandfather  my father and i have all flown  produced a slight dampness around the eyes and then crowe  s name hooked me completely . i was entranced by this film  crowe  s performance  again   the subject matter  and yes  what a debt we owe   how various matters were addressed and dealt with  the flying sequences  my father flew avro ansons  too   the story  and  as another contributor pointed out  crowe  s recitation of high flight . i won  t spoil the film for anyone  but  separated from my wife by       odd miles  as an ex  army officer who was deployed in a couple of wars and as private pilot  i admit to crying heartily a couple of times . buy it  rent it  download it  beg  borrow or steal it  but watch it .  br    br   ps did i spy a bristol blenheim  in yellow training colours  on the ground  looked like a twin  engine aircraft with a twin  .    brownings in a dorsal turret .  
i became more emotionally attached to this movie than any other i have ever watched . that may be because i can see the characters as my own grandparents  attempting to make sense of a world at war . the ending and use of pachabel  s cannon are both amazing .  
i felt this film  throughout . i waas impressed with russell crowe  s talent in developing his relationship with lillie  such a typical aussie blend of softly softly approach  a bit self depreciating and very persistent . really loved the cinematography and direction . pace was just right and the portrayals of nearly all characters was impressive .  br    br   gosh  didn  t russell  s talent even in     shine  . . and i have yet to see gladiator .  
i have just seen this film  and fallen in love with it . there is a little bit of something for everyone  and its a particular free for all when it comes to the romance between lachlan and lil . when they are on the beach  i nearly cried . . . there is the unspoken realization that time is the most precious commodity and it is most evident when they are together . this idea taken from several angles  from marriage to sibblings to finding love in the least conventional of places . the film almost makes you long for that kind of desperation when you know that tomorrow could very well be your last . crowe was particularly wonderful in his role of lachlan . i  ve always had a soft spot for the accent  but i nearly melted with his portrayal of his character . the way this film was shot is also beautiful  with the music  backdrop of the open fields  and superb acting . all together  this is a wonderful film that tugs at all of human emotions .  
i enjoyed every moment of this movie  even though i knew they could never really be together . with the life expectancy of a bomber pilot being only six weeks  it made me feel for all of those women and men back in the      s who must have lived this story .  
russell  my fav  is gorgeous in this film . but more than that  the film covers a tremendous range of human passion and sorrow . everything from marriage to homosexuality is addressed and respected . the film makes the viewer realize that tolerance of other humans provides the route to saving humanity . fabulous love story between lachlin and lil . i replay their scenes over and over again . anyone who has ever been in love will empathize with these people . all characters are cast and portrayed excellently .  
movie  comedies  nowadays are generally    minutes of toilet humor  foul language  and groin  kicking . modern comedies appeal to the lowest common denominator  the undemanding and slow of brain . sure  an occasional good comedy will come along  but they  re becoming rarer all the time .  br    br    mr . blandings buildings his dream house  shows what     s hollywood was capable of  and it  s just screamingly funny . jim and muriel blandings  cary grant and myrna loy  decide to build a house in the connecticut suburbs . the film follows their story  beginning with house hunting trips  the house  s riotous construction  all the way to the finished home   with its  zuzz  zuzz water softener  .  br    br   grant and loy are perfect for their roles  of course  grant is particularly funny as he watches the house  s costs zoom out of control  . however  the film is stolen by the blandings  wise attorney  played to perfection by melvyn douglas . managing to steal every scene he  s in  douglas is understatedly hilarious while he watches the blandings lurch from crisis to crisis . reginald denny as the blandings  harried architect and harry shannon as the crusty old water well driller are also wonderful .  br    br   i  ve watched this movie numerous times and it always makes me laugh . i think it  s a good film to watch when you need a lift  whether you  re building a house or not .  
very nicely done movie . it does stay in your memory . better billed as a romance than flying or war  altho the flying parts are realistic and almost error free . flying buffs like myself will enjoy this movie even if attracted by the airplanes  unless they have no sensitivity or have never been in love .  br    br   fun watching early crowe . he is good and exudes charm . his reading of  high flight  is superb .  br    br   cheers  boom  
this film takes you to another time when there was a different pace to everyday life . we get an idea how families had to deal with the war and how quickly we sent young men off to fight . a very touching look at the past and a reminder that casualties of war don  t just happen on the front .  br    br   luckily many of us have never had to go through what our great  grandparents  grandparents or parents went through during a war . this film  i think  is a small thank you . peter outerbridge looks amazingly like a young peter o  toole and russell crowe is absolutely charming and as australian as he can be . it  s definitely worth listening to him recite  high flight  and makes me wonder what he might accomplish with shakespeare .  
japanese tomo akiyama  s keko mask       is extremely enjoyable trash film and so fun to watch  there are also some sequels  but i haven  t seen them since these films are hyper rare . some kind of re  releases some day would be nice since i think many trash lovers would like these films . the tongue in cheek story is about one extremely strict school in which teachers think that it is okay to torture students in order to attain discipline  which is  according to the teachers  the most important thing in education . the school is lead by incredibly funny looking  just look at the costume   human wizard  whatever  who is like principal in the school  and it only adds to the campiness that it is never explained why he wears such a costume since all other teachers are perfectly normally clothed . well  the main thing about the film is its name  keko mask  who is some beautiful and masked fairy  who comes always to save the girls and students who are abused and tortured by the teachers  yes  this superheroine is one effective female as she kicks and fights the evil teachers with totally cheesy soundtrack playing on the background . the most important thing is  of course  that she wears nothing but a cape and a mask with the rest of her body naked  her identity is never revealed in these films  and also the credits say  keko mask unknown  while the actor names are listed   br    br   the most hilarious thing in this film is how keko mask kills her enemies . she has a gorgeous  but lethal vagina  yes  you read right . she kills her victims by flying in the air in front of them  spreading her legs and letting the enemies become numbly charmed of the view  after which she flies closer and snaps their necks with her legs  the most usual last line the characters say in this film are like  i  ve never seen such a beautiful vagina  and  now i can die in peace .  this film is totally fantastic    br    br   there are also some great taunts towards japanese society for example its attitude towards sex in films  japanese censors optically fog  blur all the pubic hair in any film  and also about some restrictions among school students  like girls and boys are not allowed to talk in this film etc .  there  s one great scene in which one nerd sees girl  s bare you  know  what for the first time  and says  hey there  s no fog in it   i couldn  t help but laugh during this scene as i thought what do the japanese censors think about this . also  one character says in the end that he will return  if japan films allows to make the sequel . i  m glad it allowed as i  ve heard the sequels are equally outrageous . one sequel should include blues brothers  yes  those blues brothers   in it etc .  br    br   this is trash in its most enjoyable  funniest and also cleverest form and so it is a little shame these films are so hard to find . this would definitely be even greater experience  if it was little more fast moving at times as it becomes little boring at one point  but fortunately those segments are very few . this film has to be seen to be fully believed as there are so many trash elements i don  t mention here and it wouldn  t be even necessary to tell them all here . if you like trash cinema and films made with tongue in very cheek  i think you  ll love this little gem as i do  and the director is definitely a genius in this field      perhaps the only film in which a shining vagina is this lethal   
i turned this on to see the incredible ethel waters  whose autobiography i am now reading . i  ll admit my jaw dropped when the pork chops and watermelon references started rolling in  but people cannot look at this movie as a stereotypical or racist piece . it  s pretty much a short film made by blacks  for blacks at a time when the entertainment industry was quite segregated and the stereotypes to the people involved were the jokes of their time  old trends exaggerated for humor . we see modern black movies do the same thing  but with the new trends  stereotypes    ho  s  and the  hood  and such . i think if you look back in eighty years  you would find today  s movies will look just as racist . what viewers should appreciate about this film is the talent of waters and the pint  sized sammy davis jr .  who out taps his contemporary  shirley temple  and looks remarkably the same facially as he did as an adult . everyone involved in this film clearly had a lot of fun making it . why not enjoy it for what it is  instead of what you think it should have been   
given the opposite circumstance of     where the reality is we do have a black president  this movie takes on quite a powerful historical significance . for entertainment value i found this movie to be both engaging and repugnant . i was quite taken back of course by the blatant racism of the time  but also found the music and dancing incredible . also it is quite cool to see sammy davis jr as such a very young child actor . he plays rufus jones  a young boy who is being consoled by his mammy . he is told  why some day you could be president  . this was so ridiculous in     that it was mocked and thought to be endearing  charming and funny . the bulk of the movie is a fantasy sequence of what the government would be like if it was run by a black man . they depict the seats of government as being like a revivalist baptist church .  br    br   the fact was when i stumbled onto this movie one day it drew me in . it is really well done and very entertaining . i believe if we can look beyond the racism we can see this movie for all it brings us . in fact to realize that it is not only not ridiculous to have a black president  but that it is normal  just makes this movie that much more relevant . it clearly marks a moment in time for our collective consciousness .  
now  many would think to stay away from this movie just because of the title . if you do not have the stomach for gory movies  then what are you doing reading this review  anyhow  i borrowed the video from a friend of mine and fell in love with this movie immediately . this movie is chock full of wonderful gore  plus the usual other ingredients that make up a b  movie add up to one hell of a viewing experience  if you  re a lover of good quality experiences  then by all means  watch this great flick   
no  this is not supposed to be a high budget brilliance  but it is brilliant in its own right . you have to look at it for what it is  a low budget masterpiece involving a zombie rapist wielding a   inch love rod that he keeps out flapping in stride . those who came to give this movie a low review were probably looking for the next cult classic or hidden  gem  as they say and just didn  t quite get there . i love how everyone points out obvious observations such as the   cent baby attached to a fish pole  hahaha  well  yes . i don  t think a movie with a budget like this could afford  good  actors or effects so they worked with what they had . the guts and entrails were actually very convincing . the movie was a little choppy going from sequence to sequence but overall  this is one of the better movies i have seen lately that doesn  t follow any trend or predictability . very good for a laugh .  
well this movie was probobly one of the funniest scary movie i have ever seen . the effects are so bad you just have to laugh  and the acting  well lets say its no mel gibson . but gary browning who plays an police officer is so damn bad  he becomes good . i dont know how but he him self makes this movie a   . you must see it if your in to horror  slash movies cause its bloody and funny at the same time . killer movie .  
why does this have such a low rating  i really don  t get it . . . is it because of the bad acting  the bad dialogue  well  who cares about these things in cheesy low  budget horror movies  seriously  the acting and the dialogue isn  t important in those movies . people who hate movies only because of bad acting and bad dialogue shouldn  t be allowed to rate cheesy low  budget movies . those movies shouldn  t be taken seriously . period .  br    br   anyway  time to talk about the movie  right  well  i loved it  i bought it because i expected a gorefest  but it  s not a gorefest and the gore is pretty bad  most of the time it  s just animal guts placed on the body of the actors and that  s lame   but i didn  t really care because the movie is hilarious  the characters are hilarious  the acting is hilarious  bad acting is a good thing in cheesy low  budget horror movies   the dialogue is hilarious  bad dialogue is a good thing in cheesy low  budget horror movies   the zombie rapist with a huge dick is hilarious  the flying demon baby is hilarious and i could go on and on and on  but i don  t want to say too much . . . but i have to mention that there  s a scene in which a girl masturbates a sex doll like it  s alive lol  oh and the zombie rapist falls in love with the sex doll lol   br    br   best lines in the movie  br    br   detective manners sniffs coke detective sloane what the beep are you doing  manners  what the hell did you snort  what the hell is that  detective manners it  s nothing man  it  s . . . ehh . . . cold medicine . . .  br    br   detective manners injects heroin in his arm detective sloane what the beep are you doing  manners  are you beep insane  detective manners it  s cold medicine .  br    br   detective manners repeatedly kicks a random guy in the face detective sloane what the hell  s going on  manners  what are you doing  detective manners this maniac was rambling about demons and then he started smashing his head on the rock  he just started smashing his head on the rock  i think he  s on pcp or something   br    br   lol   
sure this movie wasn  t like .   blocks  inside man  an american haunting . etc . . .  br    br   but it was a great mystery that can happen to anyone of us . . i found this movie really great and scary .  br    br   i live exactly where they filmed this movie  san pedro  california  and we have heard true stories based on incidents of this movie .  br    br   i dunno if you  ve heard of the famous boat in long beach  queen mary  well that boat is haunted . i believe in spirts  illusions  and parallel or however u spell that . is real . everybody  s in there own universe .  br    br   and the mind is a powerful thing .  br    br   i recommend to watch this movie . it  s great  and not bad directing at all .  br    br   for those who rate it a  . they don  t understand the film . its meaning . its plot  its view . and how bad the ocean life can be for each and everyone of us .  br    br   ty .  br    br   victor  
one of the great classic comedies . not a slapstick comedy  not a heavy drama . a fun  satirical film  a buyers beware guide to a new home .  br    br   filled with great characters all of whom  cary grant is convinced  are out to fleece him in the building of a dream home .  br    br   a great look at life in the late    s .  br    br    
i borrowed this movie despite its extremely low rating  because i wanted to see how the crew manages to animate the presence of multiple worlds . as a matter of fact  they didn  t  at least  so its seems . some cameo appearance cut rather clumsily into the movie  that  s it  this is what the majority of viewers think . however  the surprise comes at the end  and unfortunately then  when probably most of the viewers have already stopped this movie . i was also astonished when i saw that the brazilian  portuguese title of this movie means  voyage into death  . this is the spoiler .  br    br   that this movie is about a young girl who goes alone onto this boat  on reasons that are completely unclear   you understand only in the last  minutes . when you start the movie with the english title  haunted boat  in your head  you clearly think that the cameo appearances of strange figures are the  ghosts  . but in reality  this movie is not like most other horror movies told from the distant writer  watcher perspective who can at almost any time differentiate between different levels of reality  it is told from the perspective of the young girl . we see her not alone  but together with the four friends because she sees them . we do not see that she is alone . so  the parallel worlds are not the cameo appearances flickering into the picture  stream  but the main story  we have at least two parallel worlds the world in which the girl is and the world in which the  friends are . an intrusion of a third world is probably the young man with the medical skills who comes for a short time on the boat .  br    br   i cannot get rid of the deep conviction that with this movie  the movie  makers  cheated  an audience of several thousand people by letting them believe that what they have done is more or less a sophomore film  student elaborate with hastily  chosen  pseudo  actors that have met just the night before the start of the shooting in a dump after at least twelve beers . how mistaken can one be  but in addition to this big surprise which one learns only in the very last minutes  the end that follows gives another surprise . the girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat . when she has recovered from her shock  she visits again the place at the harbor where she ascended the boat together with the four friends . and there they are again  they wave her to them from the boat which has already taken off shore . she jumps into the water  arrives at the boat  and they are away . miraculously beautiful . it remembers me a bit to the end of a poem by a rhetoromance writer when i awoke  i saw death standing at my bed . but i closed my eyes . when i opened them again  he was gone .  
i also saw this upon its release in     and have been struck since then with its final scene . if this is an answer to  high noon   then it  s an apt and apposite response . the notion that  as this string is headed   the town comes together  is a much stronger message than the lonely personal heroism of  high noon .  in this theme   concho  is a phenomenal precursor of one my other all  time favorites   the magnificent seven .  both sinatra and conrad give impressive and convincing performances  especially sinatra  s transformation from bullying kid brother to liberating town savior . i can only hope that at some point all the friends and family on whom over the years i  ve inflicted my affection for this movie will have the opportunity to experience it for themselves .  
i was lucky enough to get to see this film many years ago in england . i  ve seen hundreds of films since  but i  ve never forgotten this one . although sinatra was playing a not very endearing character  he was excellent in the role . a lot of people seem to think that he did  nt really come into his own until his role in  from here to eternity  but in my opinion he was magnificent in concho . the other role that sticks in my mind is that of william conrad . i  d never see or heard of him before this film . conrad plays a terrific part in this film . i remember his deep and gravelly voice and he uses it beautifully to enhance the few words he speaks with a menace that sets the tone of his character . also i remember the music  that both introduces conrad and and seems to surround him whenever he appears . an excellent film and my only disappointment was that i never ever got the chance to see it again . it seems to have disappeared from the face of the earth . i see in the titles that it says that the film is in black and white but when i saw it was indeed in full color  i remember sinatra  s blue shirt .  
i  ve always liked johnny concho and i wish this film were out on vhs and dvd . frank sinatra gives one of the most unusual performances in his career in this one .  br    br   when we first meet frank in the film  s title role  he  s the brother of a notorious gunfighter who  s out of town at the moment . the brother strikes terror in the heart  s of the town and frank takes full advantage of that to bully the townspeople safe and secure in his shadow . only phyllis kirk has any feeling for him . she  s the daughter of storekeeper wallace ford and dorothy adams .  br    br   two other gunmen arrive william conrad and christopher dark and it turns out conrad has killed sinatra  s brother and he  s coming to his town to take over . they humiliate sinatra and run him out of town . kirk follows him .  br    br   overnight sinatra turns from punk into coward and becomes a man searching for some kind of backbone . it  s a well acted performance  almost as good as his oscar nominated role in the man with a golden arm . pity for some reason this has not been seen for years .  br    br   two other performances of note are keenan wynn as former gunfighter turned preacher who helps sinatra find what he needs to stand up to conrad and dark . and then there is conrad in what i believe was his career role on screen . he  s a villain of incredible malevolence  pure evil incarnate walking and talking on the silver screen .  br    br   however what i like about johnny concho is the climax an unforgettable one where conrad and dark are dealt with . let  s just say i believe johnny concho was mgm  s answer to high noon and a primer for what you do when evil causes a break down in all law and order .  
  still crazy  is without a doubt the greatest rock comedy of all  time . it has been erroneously compared to  this is spinal tap   which it has no relation to .  spinal tap  is a satire  and  quite frankly  not a very good one  in spite of it  s  outing  of many rock clichs  . unlike  tap    still crazy  is populated by great actors  great songs and great human situations . you care about the people in  still crazy  . that  s all that matters . oh  yeah  the music  s pretty damn good  too  written by mick jones of foreigner and chris difford of squeeze . american audiences were already familiar with stephen rea  the crying game   but would only later become familiar with bill nighy  underworld  love actually  pirates of the caribbean ii  and timothy spall  the harry potter movies  .  
dick clement and ian la frenais have a solid hit rate as far as their tv work is concerned . however  their film work has been much more chequered       s the bank job was fine  the previous year  s across the universe decidedly weak  for instance  .  br    br   still crazy  fortunately  is a solid success . it has a great story  excellent performances  a lot of humour  fabulous music and  above everything else  real heart .  br    br   i savour  moments   and this film has one of them  just when everything is going pear  shaped at the festival reunion performance . . .  br    br   hugely enjoyable .  
i have rarely emerged from viewing a film with such a warm  happy feeling . i felt as if i had been out with really good friends and had a wonderful time  i thoroughly enjoyed this film . the acting was superb  although i would have to mention bill nye in particular as giving an absolutely faultless performance . bill is an excellent actor and would love to see him in more films . timothy spall and jimmy nail are also favourites and always love to see them as they give such a solid performance . and billy connolly  as always  totally gorgeous . it was a wonderful ensemble performance from all concerned . such a refreshing experience to see a well  written  superbly acted and good  looking movie .  
still crazy has been compared to the spinal tap since both are comedies about wash  up rr groups . actually  here the similarity ends because still crazy is much better written and acted out  whereas spinal tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first   min into a drivel that makes beavis and butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison . still crazy is formulaic but the likability of the characters and the unexpectedly high quality of some musical numbers for me managed to offset the a priori predictability of the movie . people who expect spinal tap  like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light  hearted nature of the movie  but i  d take a successful self  ironic romp of still crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is spinal tap .  
wonderful movie with good story great humour  some great one  liners  and a soundtrack to die for .  br    br   i  ve seen it  times so far .  br    br   the american audiences are going to love it .  
i watched the movie in a preview and i really loved it . the cast is excellent and the plot is sometimes absolutely hilarious . another highlight of the movie is definitely the music  which hopefully will be released soon . i recommend it to everyone who likes the british humour and especially to all musicians . go and see . it  s great .  
mr . blandings builds his dream house may be the best frank capra  preston sturges movie neither man ever made  if you love bringing up baby  the philadelpia story  the thin man  i was a male war bride or it  s a wonderful life  movies made with wit  taste and and the occasional tongue firmly panted in cheek  check this one out . post wwii life is simply and idyllically portrayed .  br    br   grant is at the absolute top of his form playing the city mouse venturing into the life of a country squire . loy is adorable as his pre  now wife . the cast of supporting characters compares to you can  t take it with you and contains an early bit by future tarzan lex barker . art direction and editing are way above par .  br    br   the movie never stoops to the low  rent  by  the  numbers venal slapstick of the later adaptation the money pit .  
i enjoyed still crazy more than any film i have seen in years . a successful band from the    s decide to give it another try . they start by playing some gigs in some seedy european venues  with hilarious results . the music is fantastic  the script and acting are terrific . the characters are spot on  especially the lead singer with the high heavy metal voice  makeup and personality problems . the concert at the end was unreal . go and see it  preferably in a cinema with a good sound system    
an excellent cast makes this movie work all of the characters are developed exceedingly well and it  s clear that the actors enjoyed filming this movie .  br    br   it  s not quite the comedy i expected  much more a lighthearted look at the attempt to reclaim youthful glory than bawdy humor . for music fans there are quite a few subtle references that in themselves are intelligently funny .  br    br   i hate drawing direct comparisons to other movies  but so much of this movie reminded me of alan parker films i can  t help it imagine if the commitments actually did make it big   and then tried to recapture said glory   years later .  
if you like deep purple  you will enjoy in this excellent movie with stephen rea in main role . the story is about the most famous rock group back there in   s  strange fruits  and they decided to play together again . but  of course  there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts . jimmy nail and bill nighy are great  and song  the flame still burns  is perfect . you have to watch it .  
this movie maked me cry at the end  i watch at least    movies a week . i seen loads of great movies  even more crap  ones . but when ending scene  catharsic at it  s core  came i cried  and if you didn  t  you have serious problems  the story is archetypal  nothing new or original . but it  s real  because that sort of things really happened and that people really exist . glam isn  t my sort of music but i really admire all that they went through in early    s . . . at some point this directed me toward velvet goldmine  docudramas never really work very good . but this movie really meked us believe it all . . . because they don  t try to make it as a path full of glorious concerts  present musicians that are superheroes  groupie girls that are stupid and emotionally numb  they don  t glorify drugs and alcohol  they promote rehabilitation and redemption that comes even   years late . . . once again great movie . since  leaving las vegas  i was never so moved by a movie .  
i didn  t approach  still crazy  with any real anticipation . just another rock  n  roll picture  i figured . . . good nostalgia for the baby boomers . this film is partially that  but so much more . brian gibson  the director  previously helmed a biography of tina turner  and is quite successful in his style . i suppose it is fitting that this was his last film .  br    br   the cast is well  chosen . bill nighy is perfect in his role as the band  s frontman . actor  turned  director bruce robinson appears as the band  s washed  up guitarist . he does a superb job  even though he hasn  t appeared on film since the late    s . if you  re looking for an touching and funny film  with some great songs   you  ve found it .  br    br    .  out of    
i love this movie . it is one of those movies that you can watch time and time again and still find engaging . congratulations   i believe everyone involved in making the movie and the script should be proud of themselves . it is so eerie  you feel like you are watching a real life band . i would like to see more movies like this . i am glad that they did not choose famous hollywood stars to be in this movie because it probably would not have worked . and even if billy connolly is quite well known  he really got stuck into the role and i could not imagine anybody else playing it . congratulations again  i really believe this movie deserves the peter sellers comedy award for bill nighy . and when you get to the final scene . . . . . well what can i say      
i thought this movie was fantastic . it was hilarious . kinda reminded me of spinal tap . this is a must see for any fan of    s rock .  i hope me and my friends aren  t like that in twenty years    br    br   bill nighy gives an excellent performance as the off kilter lead singer trying to recapture that old spirit   br    br   stephen rea fits perfectly into the movie as the glue trying to hold the band together  but not succeeding well .  br    br   if you love music  and were ever in a band  this movie is definitely for you . you won  t regret seeing this movie . i know i don  t . even my family found it funny  and that  s saying something .  
as an aging rocker  this movie mentions heep and quo  my  favourite bands ever  but with the incredible cast  everyone   and the fantastic storyline  i just love this piece of creative genius . i cannot recommend it more highly  and mick jones added so much  foreigner lead and primary songwriter along with the greatest rock singer ever  lou gramm   i have watched this great work more than   times  bill nighy  what a voice  and jimmy nail  talent oozes from every pore  then astrid . . . . and karen . . . . . what more could an aging rocker ask for         bloody brilliant .  br    br   alastair  perth  western oz  originally from windsor  england .  
i agree with what  veinbreaker  wrote with regards to the  ahhhh  feeling you get at the end of this movie . i absolutely loved the locations they chose to film  the songs were well written and interesting  especially the psychedelic sounding track on which hans matheson sings . it  s trippy . nighy was fab in his role  nail  nailed  it  beano was the typical drummer  and rea kept it together . bruce robinson was awesome . helena was a lovely girlfriend . but i felt juliet aubrey  s performance was gorgeous . the scenes between aubrey  robinson killed me  perfectly played and the music behind the scene was spot on  too bad not many more musicians have checked this movie out  they ought to  i  ve told all my musician friends . great quote by jimmy nail  s character  it  s supposed to be rock  roll  not the phantom of the fg opera    
i spotted this movie in the video store a few years ago and rented it . my husband and i enjoyed it so much we bought the vhs and have enjoyed it ever since .  br    br   the plot has been well  discussed  so no need in going over it again . the point is this movie deserves repeated viewings . americans  especially  aren  t going to get all the jokes the first time around . i know i didn  t .  br    br   this movie is funny  touching  sad   all at the same time . when ray proposes the toast at his daughter  s wedding  it  s cringe  inducing . when karen calls tony  brian  as he attempts to kiss her  it  s heartbreaking . when beano is finally cornered by the woman in black  it  s too funny for words .  br    br   and the music it  s as good as any movie soundtrack i  ve heard in years . i was dancing in the living room to  all over the world .   br    br   every performance is absolutely perfect . bill nighy has been justly complimented for his portrayal of ray  a man who has had one too many bad trips . stephen rea is perfect as tony  the lovable keyboard player who has carried a torch for karen all these years . he has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him . but all the actors are equally brilliant .  br    br   ignore any pans you read about this movie and see it . it  s a gem .  
another example of the unique talents of cary grant . a performance worthy of oscar consideration  yet once again shunned by the academy . mr . grant runs the gamut from silly to tender in this marvelous comedy about a man who decides to move out of the big city . the pitfalls of building a home are well chronicled and became the basis  loosely  for the more modern tom hanks vehicle   the money pit  .  br    br   if you like good old fashioned comedy without the cursing and the gratuitous sex  this movie is a must see .  
in the voice over which begins the film  hughie  billy connolly   a roadie for the great    s band strange fruit  said the reason lightning struck at a rock festival to stop strange fruit  s set was that god was sick of    s excess . indeed  it  s been popular to put down that era of music  and see punk as a welcome antidote to it . while i agree the excess was tiresome  as well as the misogynistic urges which came out of it   and like punk  i still am a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock  and this film about strange fruit  s long  strange reunion is an affectionate tribute to those days .  br    br   one of the reasons the film works is the care of the people behind the scenes . brian gibson directed what  s love got to do with it  about tina turner  while i had problems with the dramatic parts of the film  the music was handled very well   writers dick clement and ian le frenais co  wrote the commitments and were behind the music  oriented british tv show over the rainbow  and the songs strange fruit played were co  written by foreigner  s mick jones  not to be confused with the clash  s mick jones   so it was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking about . also  two cast members are musicians in their own right  bill nye i don  t know about  though the film credits him with his own singing  and he certainly looks like a lead singer of that era  while jimmy nail was in another british tv show which was music  oriented  though i forget the name  and he was in evita   and the others are convincing at it . and while  as i said  a lot of    s bands like strange fruit behaved badly towards women  the movie doesn  t make the same mistake  except for the woman who follows timothy spall around   as the manager of the reunion  juliet aubrey is quite good and plays a fully rounded character .  br    br   the other actors are all good as well  with special praise to stephen rea  who handles the more dramatic role well without sentimentality . there are a couple of plot points which don  t work  but overall this is quite enjoyable . oh yeah  and the music is good too .  
if you need cheering up on a cold weekday evening  this is the film for you  excellent script and perfectly cast actors . i especially loved ray psyching himself up in front of the mirror before gigs  inspired   
so i rented  still crazy  instead . when i described hardcore logo to the guy at the video store  he said that sounded kind of like still crazy . so i rented it . was i disappointed  well  yes  as still crazy focuses on a classic rock band rather than a punk band  but that  s ok . still crazy tells the story of the strange fruit  a rock band that broke up in the   s at the peak of their popularity at a large rock festival . twenty years later  the band members are all struggling to make a living  and are offered the opportunity to play a concert at the twenty year anniversary of this festival . they take up the offer and decide to reform on a permanent basis  touring europe in the process . some quite funny hijinks ensue  and all the characters go through subtle changes . watching this movie  you feel more like a viewer of a carefully edited documentary than a participant . and that  s not bad at all .  
what happens to washed up rock  n  roll stars in the late      s  they launch a comeback  reunion tour . at least  that  s what the members of strange fruit  a  fictional     s stadium rock group do .  br    br   tony  stephen rea  has the concession on condom vending machines when he runs into the son of the promoter of a famous music festival . it was at that festival in the    s that strange fruit broke up . the    s are  retro  and the time is right to wide that wave . he sets off in search of the other members of the band .  br    br   part of what broke up the band was the death and replacement of keith  the lead singer and brilliant song writer . the band was known for its excessive lifestyle and now they are all back amongst the working class from which they came . beano  the drummer  played by timothy spall  who was brilliant in secrets and lies  is a layabout  the bass player is a roofer  and their lead singer is still a rocker . while he owns a huge mansion he has been forced to sell it  as his fortune has not lasted . brian  the lead guitarist  is dead  so a young guitarist is hired to replace him .  br    br   somewhat reluctantly the band agree to give the reunion a try . abandoning their day jobs  they begin to rehearse  and their manager approaches their label about reissuing their albums . but he wants them to start touring again first . and so they hit the club circuit around europe . the club scene is not kind to these overweight  dated  old rockers .  br    br   it is on tour that the film really starts to develop . all of the old conflicts rearise  with the figures of keith and brian hovering throughout . they all hang together because they are all in search of a second chance for the greatness that eluded them earlier . and they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made playing together so enjoyable .  br    br   still crazy starts as spinal tap ii but gradually becomes a more dramatically focused film  following the relationships of the band members . while it is still a very funny movie  it is the evolving characters  struggling to deal with the deaths of brian and keith and with their own personal demons  that make the film work .  
this reminded me of spinal tap  on a more serious level . it  s the story of a band doing a reunion tour  but things are not harmonious between them . i was especially impressed with the performance of bill nighy as ray . you felt sorry for him  yet he had a certain creepiness about him . it  s a great movie to watch if you have ever seen your favorite band get wrinkly  old and pathetic . bittersweet  highly recommended . .  
  contrary to most reviews i  ve read  i didn  t feel this followed any of the other rock movies   spinal tap   etc .  the story was more unique  although i feel most people wanted to see the  sex  drugs  rock and roll  vices that the band kept alluding to .  br    br    as an american  i knew a few of the actors  spall  connelly  rea . surprised to find out  brian   bruce robinson was in zifferedi  s   sp   classic  romeo  juliet  . guess i  ll have to rent that next .  br    br     the flame still burns   my wife  who hails from mexico  didn  t follow the english  british language too well  missed some of the jokes  which i dutifully explained  but she cried her eyes out at the concert scene . she loves the song so much now .  br    br    funny that amazon . com has the soundtrack for    usd when i bought the dvd in the bargain bin at wal  mart for   .   usd . price non  withstanding  i first saw this on late night cable and have been dying to find it ever since .  
the funky  yet strictly second  tier british glam  rock band strange fruit breaks up at the end of the wild  n  wacky excess  ridden    s . the individual band members go their separate ways and uncomfortably settle into lackluster middle age in the dull and uneventful    s morose keyboardist stephen rea winds up penniless and down on his luck  vain  neurotic  pretentious lead singer bill nighy tries  and fails  to pursue a floundering solo career  paranoid drummer timothy spall resides in obscurity on a remote farm so he can avoid paying a hefty back taxes debt  and surly bass player jimmy nail installs roofs for a living . former loving groupie turned patient  understanding  long  suffering manager juliet aubrey gets the group back together for an ill  advised  largely ineffectual and hilariously disastrous twenty years later nostalgic reunion tour of europe . our lovably ragged bunch try gamely  but fumblingly to reignite a flame that once burned quite brightly back in the day . scraggly zonked  out roadie billy connelly and cocky eager beaver young guitarist hans matheson tag along for the delightfully bumpy  trouble  plagued  but still ultimately rewarding and enjoyable ride .  br    br   director brian gibson shows tremendously infectious respect and adoration for both his amiably screwy characters in particular and loud  ringing  flamboyantly overblown preening    s rock in general  this imbuing this affectionate little pip with an utterly engaging sense of big  hearted charm and tireless verve . the astute  sharply written script by dick clement and ian la frenais likewise bristles with spot  on dry wit and finely observed moments of joyous on the road inanity  capturing a certain bittersweetly affecting and frequently uproarious vibe that gives the picture itself an irresistibly luminescent glow . ashley rowe  s lovely  elegant cinematography ensures that the movie always looks quite visually sumptuous while the perfectly catchy and groovy music does the trick with right  on rockin  flair and aplomb . kudos also to the across  the  board terrific performances that vividly nail the burnt  out soul and tattered  but still fiercely beating heart of a past its prime has  been ragtag rock outfit desperate to regain its erstwhile evanescent glory in one final bid for big time success . all in all  this radiant and touching gem rates highly as one of the true seriocomic sleeper treats from the    s .  
i  m   years old  a guitarist   lead  rhythm   and over the last forty years  i  ve been in four bands  it  s all there  the fights  the foul  ups  the rotten food  the worse accommodation  always travelling  little or no money  and every one was drunk or high . but  the clubs  the fans  and the music  made it all worth it  just like strange fruit  i  m too damn old for it now  and the arthritis in the hands and hips mean no more rocking  but for the length of that video  it all came back  and it was all there  the birds  the brawls  and the booze  and i was young again  it  s just like billy connolly  s voice over  god likes that    s stuff  rock on forever   
 . . . heads  hands  and feet  a band from the past  just like strange fruit . a triple whammy there . those who have professed not to like this film are either heartless or under    and have had no experience of the real thing . sad for them . this is an achingly well  observed little picture that is an excellent way of passing an hour or two  and will probably not even fade much on the second showing . stephen rae  timothy spall as the fat drummer  in many ways quite the most delightful figure of all   and bill nighy  a new name for me  as the neurotic vocalist and front man all turn in super performances  and juliet aubrey has lovely doe eyes to go with some sharp acting as karen  who tries to hold the band together as they spectacularly self  destruct .  br    br   the syd barrett  brian wilson echoes are loud and clear  mott the hoople rear up before one in all their inflated ridiculousness  and the script is never mawkish for more than a minute . don  t compare this with spinal tap or the rutles or the full monty  it  s unfair on all of them . the nearest comparison is the commitments  and that  s no bad thing . and any film that can conjure up memories of blodwyn pig  a band i do not remember ever seeing  but the name lives on  well  it shows somebody in the team knew what they were on about .  br    br   a small delight  and thanks for the memory .  br    br   oh . . . and i  ve got another one  stiff little fingers a  a  and what about steeleye span . . . spooky tooth . . . ten inch nails anyone   you have to see the movie or have been on the road   
this is perhaps the best rockumentary ever  a british  better this is spinal tap . the characters are believable  the plot is great  and you can genuinely empathise with some of the events  such as ray  s problem with fitting in the band .  br    br   the soundtrack is excellent . real period stuff  even if it is in the same key  you  ll be humming some of the songs for days . what i liked was the nearly all  british cast  with some of the favourite household names . ray  s wife is priceless . . .  br    br   the film never drags  it just goes at the right pace  and has some genuinely funny sections in it . a generator of some really good catchphrases   br    br   it  s a hidden diamond .  
musings pure delight from beginning to end . not a laugh riot  but a more subtle  sophisticated humor . what a goldmine of great scenes and character actors  including reginald denny  nestor paiva  ian wolfe  harry shannon and jason robards sr . .  br    br   cary grant is at the building sight of his new home  which is at that point  being framed . a young carpenter  played by future tarzan lex barker  asks him if he wants his  lallies to be rabbeted   or some such thing that only a carpenter would know . grant  not wanting to appear ignorant  replies in the affirmative . at that  barker yells up to his mates   ok boys  he wants  em rabbeted  so . . . . yank  em out   a second later you hear the ripping and tearing sounds of about   big nails being pulled out of various boards . all grant can do is moan .  br    br   yes  the movie is dated . you  d never see that many carpenters working at once on a single family home  and a place like that  in connecticut of all places  would probably run a few million bucks .  br    br   a classic movie that is really a treasure .  
what a good movie  at last a picture revealing a unknown side of rock illusions of fame . well  known rockers are getting old and forgotten  not the music . and with a good sense of humour . have you ever danced on bill haley  s rock around the clock   br    br   anyway  still crazy is probably the best movie about rock n  roll i have ever seen . far much better than spinal tap for instance . why  because in still crazy  people are mature . they have a different point of view about rock  about love and about life . they want to catch up with their crazy youth they miss so much . beyond the story itself  we see characters with their own personality  weaknesses and dreams . like anyone of us .  br    br   spend a good time watching this  listen to the awesome soundtrack   and finally thinking of your own future .  br    br   bye   
i found  still crazy  to be marvelously entertaining  and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late    s  early    s rock . my   year old daughter watches it with me every time i drag out the dvd  don  t worry  it  s only been three times  and she loves it too .  br    br   it is a truly loving  poignant and hilarious nod to the era  and every actor hits his  her notes with perfection . it was my first introduction to bill nighy and i am glad his somewhat similar turn in  love actually  brought him more attention . bruce robinson was incredible as brian  bringing real life to what could have been a caricature of the drug  damaged rocker stereotype . it was interesting to see that robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer .  br    br   i live in sherman oaks  california  and after the first time i saw the movie i bumped into billy connolly at the local mall  he lived here at the time  and told him it was one of my five favorite films of all time . he invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time . we even talked of the idea of an american  oriented remake before wisely dismissing that . why mess with the original   br    br   my only problem with  still crazy  is that it wasn  t hugely popular in theaters and too many people have missed out on a wonderful experience .  
hello  i was alanrickmaniac . i  m a still crazy  holic . it was just another movie i watched partly on tv . then i had to get the video tape to finally find out how it ends . then i wanted the dvd  because the tape showed first signs of decay after a few weeks . after the dvd i had to lay my hands on the soundtrack . then on several film posters and the film script . right now it has become that worse that i try to push other people into addiction with my website and still crazy parties .  br    br   how could that happen  what drove me into addiction   br    br   ok  it  s one of those funny but somehow sad and melancholic intelligent comedies like only the british can produce .  br    br   alright  the movie is worlds apart from stuff like   this is spinal tap    because of the characters  that aren  t childish or ultra cool  but real . this is a story about men getting older  too . a story about men getting along with each other . or don  t . it contains some of the best actors possible . tim spall . stephen rea . bruce robinson . jimmy nail . and bill nighy . bill nighy who puts on one of the best performances i  ve ever seen in a film .  br    br   good  the soundtrack is unbelievable . foreigner  s mick jones has written the songs for the imaginary band strange fruit . jimmy nail who plays bass  man les wickes and bill nighy portraying the egocentric but awkward singer ray simms are really singing . we know that about jimmy nail  but if you  ve only heard bill nighy  s singing in  love actually   you have no idea how great and powerful his voice is .  br    br   well  you  ll fever for every scene to come for the x  th time  especially those concert scenes . you  d die to be able to really stand in the dancing crowd when strange fruit is doing  all over the world   singing on the top of your lungs . you long to cry and celebrate with thousands of people the rebirth of the real strange fruit at wisbech  s festival stage .  br    br   it  s hard but . . . i  m addicted to this film . i  m addicted to strange fruit . if there  s a world where this band really exists i  d like to move there .  br    br   got still crazy . . . anyone   
this movie is tremendous for uplifting the spirits .  br    br   every time i watch it  i see  hear funny little things that i missed before .  br    br   the soundtrack is unbelievable . mick jones  foreigner  and chris difford  squeeze  penned the songs  making strange fruit the best thing that ever hit today  s music scene .  br    br   unfortunately  strange fruit are a strictly fictitional washed up     s to    s band that were never good to begin with  due to drug use and inner fighting . one wonders what might have been  while listening to their fanatstic soundtrack .  br    br   the fruit draw inspiration from the rolling stones  deep purple  david bowie  and the who .  br    br   each member of fruit are quite memorable . stephen rea stars as down  and  dead  broke tony costello  who is asked by a festival promoter to reunite his band for a reunion tour  with hopes of reaping monetary benefits . costello haply approaches ex  roadie karen knowles  played by juliet aubrey  to help him rekindle the flame of a dream long past .  br    br   juliet gathers up the bitter jimmy nail  les wickes   blundering timothy spall  david  beano  baggot   and extravagantly glamouresque ray simms  bill nighy  . tumbling in is another ex  roadie  the hippy  toker  jokester hughie  billy connolly   who never let the flame burn out .  br    br   as juliet searches for the last member of their motley band  the elusive guitarist  songwriter brian lovell  played by the brooding bruce robinson   the reunited members squabble  just like old times  fighting over each others  rusty talent .  br    br   the band is then given the chance to do a small dutch tour  to prepare for the festival . with young hendrix  like luke shand  hans matheson  taking the place of lovell  the crew hits the road . the sparks fly as their memories flame forward  threatening to burn their unfinished goals . . .  br    br   be prepared to laugh  sing  cheer  and cry  as these memorable characters etch themselves back into your hearts . . .  
this series could very well be the best britcom ever  and that is saying a great deal  considering the competitors  fawlty towers  good neighbours  to name just two  .  br    br   what made butterflies so superior  even to the best of the best  is that it did not just exemplify great  classic  classy and intelligent comedy  but it also expanded horizons  reflecting  flawlessly  gently  and at every detail  the great social change that was occurring in britain at the time .  br    br   i remember watching this show as a teenager and being in awe of everything about it . the lifestyle depicted was remarkable in itself . this was the first time i saw real people using cordless phones . and the wardrobe of all the characters was far removed from the goofy seventies attire still seen in north america at the time . then there were the decors  shop fronts  cars . these people  even the layabout sons  with their philosophical approach to life and epigrammatic humor  were sophisticated . they were examples of the  new europeans  that would come to have an impact on life and style throughout the world in the coming decade      s  .  br    br   of course  the premise was strange and fantastic . the idea that someone who was living the suburban dream could be so discontent and restless was revolutionary  particularly to north americans for whom happiness was always defined as money and things  sure the situation was depicted in american movies and tv  but not with the intensity of butterflies or the movie montenegro  . and  if the premise was not surprising enough  the means by which it was expressed took it to the extreme . a potential affair that was not really about sex  or even romance  butterflies dazzled many  but it must have left some people smacking their foreheads in disbelief . . . at the time anyway .  br    br   butterflies turned out to be  in so many ways  prophetic . it documented  ahead of its time  post  modern ennui  all  pervasive lifestyle  the notion of emotional infidelity  and generational disconnect and male discontent  portrayed perfectly by the strained father  son relationships  . it is too bad this series has not been rediscovered in a big way  and all those involved given credit for creating a meaningful snapshot of a certain time and place  and foreseeing all the slickness and angst that was to come .  
looking back over the past   years  since my first exposure to the show   all i can say is once you get it  it will stay with you forever . i remember my initial reaction being   annoyingly overacted    under produced   unlikeable characters  br    br   well  two years later i watched some episodes again and didn  t find it nearly as annoying . a year later i was able to catch the entire series from the beginning and quickly became engrossed in it  s bittersweet tale of human fault and perspectives on happiness . yes  the show has a style that is not for everybody  and i  m sure the dated production value would be hard to deal with now . but  i still think about the show at least once a month with a vague teary eyed longing for what seemed like simpler times . . .  br    br   btw i am a married man . . .  for all who think this is a show for females   
british comedies tend to fall into one of two main types the quiet  introspective  usually romantic study and the farcical social satire . settings  characters  and concepts vary but certain characteristics place the vast majority of shows into one of the two categories . butterflies is perhaps the epitom of the first type .  br    br   the scripts are very verbal  including long interior monologues by the main character ria  a basically happy but unsettled housewife curious about what she might have missed out on when she embarked on a thoroughly conventional life . when she meets a successful but clumsy and emotionally accessible businessman  who makes his interest in her quite clear   she toys with the idea of finding out what the other path might have offered .  br    br   the acting and scripts are always on the money  which makes one  s reaction to the show almost entirely a personal one i was neither blown away by it nor turned off . my mother  on the other hand  adored this show . i think the degree to which one identifies with ria  s dilemma is the most important factor in determining one  s reaction to butterflies .  
johny to makes here one of his best style exercises  making a strong film with a good yakuza  s story . the election of the new yakuza  s boss is the beginning of a war inside the organization .  br    br   in my opinion the violence is wise used in the context  making a very strong gangs film . i specially love the way he tells the history  moving around all the roles inside the yakuza  s family  and making that we see the violence  like the only way they have to solve their problems . . .  br    br   talking about  the technical aspects  the film is a good example of paused  rythmic and planified way of shooting a film . one of the hong kong films of the year . is like infernal affairs  but without the easy action  violence scenes  and the confused storyline . strongly recommended to all asian films lovers .  br    br    sorry for my english  better do in spanish lol   
enjoyed the movie and efficient confucian crime drama  the old order survives the threat posed by a brash young greedy man  no doubt representing modern society . i thought the final scene was strange and could not understand if we were to believe that big d was being punished for being greedy or it was part of the plan a long . i loved the scene and for once in a chinese movie  the violence was not a choreographed martial arts fest . on thing that always amuses me about hk films is that the main influence the british seem to have had is to introduce  yes sir  and  sorry  into the local language and its amusing that long after we have gone  they are still there .  
not to be confused with the resse witherspoon high school film of the same name  this is a stylised look at hong kong  s triad gangs . called election because a new leader or  chairman  is elected by ancient traditions every two years . two candidates are up for the position and through ego  bribes and past track record the race is tense to say the least . expertly directed to introduce you to an expansive cast without ever being confusing the story twists and turns before revealing itself in all its brutal glory . the asian godfather this is not  but it is an enjoyable thriller in a gangster genre that will leave you on the edge of your seat and wincing at the violence . subtitled volume  i think its safe to say there will other instalments as we go deeper into the murky world of the triads and all their feuding and underhand business deals . either way this is a good start and if there are no sequels a great film in its own right .  
this movie was a fairly entertaining comedy about murphy  s law being applied to home ownership and construction . if a film like this was being made today no doubt the family would be dysfunctional . since it was set in the  simpler  forties  we get what is supposed to be a typical family of the era . grant of course perfectly blends the comedic and dramatic elements and he works with a more than competent supporting cast highlighted by loy and douglas . their shenanigans make for a solid ninety minutes of entertainment      .  
this isn  t as violent as i was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and effective .  br    br   there are a lot of twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who  s side a particular character is on .  br    br   the plot is pacey with some good dialogue and character development and gives an interesting view of the workings of the triad gang it follows .  br    br   the violence when it comes is brutal  no guns or martial art scenes with special effects  this is believable in your face violence and for all the dialogue you are never allowed forget that the triad is a violent criminal organisation .  br    br   the ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable .  
there can be no denying that hak se wui  election in english  is a well made and well thought out film . the film uses numerous clever pieces of identification all the time playing with modernity yet sticking to tradition  a theme played with throughout the film where john woo  s hong kong films are action packed and over the top in their explosive content as seen in hard boiled       and when hong kong films do settle down into rhythms of telling the story from the  bad  point of view  they can sometimes stutter and just become merely unmemorable  a good example being city on fire       .  br    br   election is a film that is memorable for the sheer fact of its unpredictable scenes  spontaneous action and violence that are done in a realistic and tasteful  if that  s the right word  manner as well as the clever little  in pieces  of film  making . it  s difficult to spot during the viewing but election is really constructed in a kind of three act structure there is the first point of concern involving the actual election and whoever is voted in is voted in  not everyone likes the decision but what the uncles say  goes . the second act is the retrieving of the ancient baton from china that tradition demands must be present during the inauguration with the final third the aftermath of the inauguration and certain characters coming up with their own ideas on how the triads should and could be run . needless to say certain events and twists occur during each of the three thirds  some are small and immaterial whereas some are much larger and spectacular .  br    br   election does have some faults with the majority coming in the opening third . trying to kill off time surrounding an election that only takes a few minutes to complete was clearly a hard task for the writers and filmmakers and that shows at numerous points . i got the feeling that a certain scene was just starting to go somewhere before it was interrupted by the police and then everyone gets arrested . this happens a few times a fight breaks out in a restaurant but the police are there and everyone is arrested there  s a secret meeting about the baton between the triads but the police show up and everyone gets arrested some other triads are having a pre  election talk but the police show up and guess what  you know .  br    br   once the film gets out of that rut that i thought it would  it uses a sacred baton as a plot device to get everybody moving . the baton spawns some good fight scenes such as the chasing of a truck after it  s been hotwired  another chase involving a motorbike and a kung  fu fight with a load of melee weapons in a street  the scenes are unpredictable  realistic and violent but like i said  they are in a  tasteful  manner . where election really soars is its attention to that fine detail . when the triads are in jail  the bars are covered with wire suggesting they  re all animals in cages as that  s how they behave on the outside when in conflict . another fine piece of attention to detail is the way the uncles toast using tea and not alcohol  elevating themselves above other head gangsters who  d use champagne  the long good friday  and also referencing chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or commemorate .  br    br   election is a good film that is structured well enough to enjoy and a film that has fantastic mise  en  scene as you look at what  s going on . some of the indoor settings and the clothing as well as the buckets of style that is poured on as the search and chase for the baton intensifies . the inauguration is like another short film entirely and very well integrated into the film hinting at chinese tradition in the process . i feel the best scene is the ending scene as it sums it up perfectly two shifty characters fishing and debating the ruling of the triads all the while remaining realistic  unpredictable and violent in a tasteful manner  of course .  
election is a chinese mob movie  or triads in this case . every two years an election is held to decide on a new leader  and at first it seems a toss up between big d  tony leung ka fai  or as i know him   the other tony leung   and lok  simon yam  who was judge in full contact   . though once lok wins  big d refuses to accept the choice and goes to whatever lengths he can to secure recognition as the new leader . unlike any other asian film i watch featuring gangsters  this one is not an action movie . it has its bloody moments  when necessary  as in goodfellas  but it  s basically just a really effective drama . there are a lot of characters  which is really hard to keep track of  but i think that plays into the craziness of it all a bit . a     year  old baton  which is the symbol of power i mentioned before  changes hands several times before things settle down . and though it may appear that the film ends at the   or    minute mark  there are still a couple big surprises waiting . simon yam was my favorite character here and sort of anchors the picture .  br    br   election was quite the award winner at last year  s hong kong film awards  winning for best actor  tony leung   best picture  best director  johnny to  who did heroic trio     and best screenplay . it also had nominations for cinematography  editing  film score  which i loved   and three more acting performances  including yam  .  
first off  i must say that i made the mistake of watching the election films out of sequence . i say unfortunately  because after seeing election  first  election seems a bit of a disappointment . both films are gangster epics that are similar in form . and while election is an enjoyable piece of cinema . . . it  s just not nearly as good as it  s sequel .  br    br   in the first election installment  we are shown the two competitors for chairman big d and lok . after a few scenes of discussion amongst the  uncle  s  as to who should have the chairman title  they  almost unanimously  decide that lok  simon yam  will helm the triads . suffice to say this doesn  t go over very well with competitor big d  tony leung ka fai  and in a bid to influence the takeover  big d kidnaps two of the uncles in order to sway the election board to his side . this has disastrous results and heads the triads into an all out war . lok is determined to become chairman but won  t become official until he can recover the  dragon head baton   a material representation of the chairman  s power . the current chairman  whistle  chung wang  has hidden the baton somewhere in mainland china and the race is on to see who can recover it first .  br    br   much of the film is devoted to the recovery of the baton . as both aspiring leaders search for it they must dodge cops and opposite sides  which leads into one of the stand out scenes in election  which involves an underling named jet  nick cheung   a machete  and lots of bad guys . nick cheung  s presence is attention grabbing to say the least . . . i wonder if this influenced director johhnie to in any way while making the second election  as he does deliver more of jet  s character in the sequel .  br    br   while nick cheung gives a scene stealing performance  i must not fail to give due to the rest of the film  s actors . election has a great ensemble cast with well thought out performances that are both subtle and impacting . simon yam is his usually glorious self and the film also benefits from heavyweight hk actors like louis koo  tony leung ka fai  and the under  appreciated suet lam . there really aren  t any weak links in the acting and one could easily believe that they  re watching real gangsters .  br    br   although the performances are great  one of the most impressive things about election is johnnie to  s eye for the camera . there are some truly striking shots in the film and it goes without saying that to definitely knows how to frame his shots  as the viewer is treated to a series of innovative and quite brilliant camera placings and angles . all of which makes election  above all  a great looking film .  br    br   my issues with the film arises mostly out of the shear amount of characters involved in election . it gets a bit hard to follow because the film is so full of characters that aren  t integral to the plot . while the sequel opts to focus more on the two candidates  the first election offers the election process as a whole with tons of uncles  underlings  and police officers crowding the storyline . maybe the film would have worked better if it would have been a bit longer with more time dedicated to the inner workings of the triad  or if director johnnie to would have funneled down the necessary elements and expounded on them more .  br    br   bottom line  all in all  this is a wonderfully brutal film with a great cast  excellent direction  and leisurely pacing that packs a punch . it  s just a little more complicated than it needed to be .  
it might be a little erroneous to open a review by describing a film in terms of other films  but i think it  s the best way to give an approximation of the place election occupies in the gangster genre arena . it works somewhere in between the godfather and kinji fukasaku  s yakuza opus the yakuza papers  aka battles without honour and humanity   in that it is simultaneously both romanticized and realistic  dark and gritty . but it  s also a johnnie to film  and as such it carries the distinct touch of the hong kong auteur .  br    br   every two years the hk triad elects a new boss . only this time one of the candidates is not overly happy with the result so he decides to take matters into his own hands much to the dismay of the rest of the triads and the police . that  s the story in a nutshell but rest assured it has a lot more going for it than that . as in the yakuza papers  there  s a great deal of scheming  back  stabbing and forming and switching of allegiances  sometimes all it takes is a phone call  in one of the most memorable scenes i  ve seen in recent time  which might not necessarily make for deep drama but makes for an interesting plot and good character conflict . fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect . election is not as action  oriented as one might expect although it is violent . and i  m not talking about the glossy  glamour version of hollywood violence . this is dark and grim . to  s camera lingers in the scenes of people being brutalized in ways that reveal both the humanity and inhumanity of the perpetrators and victims after all violence is an integral part of us whether we like it or not .  br    br   if you  re familiar with to  s style  then you should know what to expect . the pacing is relatively slow and deliberate . the cinematography is great  slick and dark in equal measures  utilizing dark hues  brown  dark green and orange  while the smooth tracking shots add a vibrant quality to it . in the end  election occupies a peculiar place . it  s not exactly a character study and it  s not an action  oriented gangster film . it explores a situation  the election and its aftermath   but does so in style  and is both realistic and romanticized  the triad ceremonies in particular echo of an oriental godfather  .  
this movie is great fun to watch if you love films of the organized crime variety . those looking for a crime film starring a charismatic lead with dreams of taking over in a bad way may be slightly disappointed with the way this film strides .  br    br   it is a fun romp through a criminal underworld however and if you aren  t familiar with hong kong films  then you may be pleasantly surprised by this one . i was somewhat disappointed by some of the choices made story  wise but overall a good crime film . some things did not make sense but that seems to be the norm with films of the east .  br    br   people just randomly do things regardless of how their personalities were set up prior . it  s a slightly annoying pattern that permeates even in this film .  
johnnie to  s election has some cool music on the opening creditsand a nice opening credits  design too  a kaleidoscope of chinese characters and those asian mobsters solemnly taking an oath or uttering some sacred stuff as a matter of fact the whole flick is nicely scored . i have found about to from bishop seraphim sigrist and was quite eager to see a to movie . the one with which i began  election  is exciting and interesting  and only moderately violent by nowadays standardsmoderately and also essentially violent the story of an asian godfather  s scheming  it uses a puzzle play of elements  violent facts from the mobsters  lives  the race for the scepter  true details  and as with coppola we are expected to believe that some of the morally glamorized mobsters are entitled and nice and likable . the performances are reasonably amusing and colorful .  br    br   election is well made in the enjoyable  somewhat careless style of the hong kong fare the ending is bitter  true  straight and will scare the kids .  
i spotted in the guide to films list for the santa barbara film festival  where i went when i was in hollywood  that this film was in screening . basically there is an election for the new chairman of the hong kong triads wo sing society coming up  so you can imagine how much violence that is going to occur during this . the struggle is between  candidates  lam lok  simon yam  and big d  tony leung ka fai  for control of the oldest and most powerful triad parts of the society . also starring louis koo as jimmy lee  nick cheung as jet  cheung siu fai as mr . so  lam suet as big head and lam ka tung as kun . there are some good realistic corruption themes and moments  just about enough action  apart from maybe when the cops get involved  but a sequel followed  so it  s a pretty worthwhile crime drama thriller . very good   
i always thought this would be a long and boring talking  heads flick full of static interior takes  dude  i was wrong .  election  is a highly fascinating and thoroughly captivating thriller  drama  taking a deep and realistic view behind the origins of triads  rituals . characters are constantly on the move  and although as a viewer you kinda always remain an outsider  it  s still possible to feel the suspense coming from certain decisions and ambitions of the characters . furthermore johnnie to succeeds in creating some truly opulent images due to meticulously composed lighting and atmospheric light  shadow contrasts . although there  s hardly any action  the ending is still shocking in it  s ruthless depicting of brutality . cool movie that deserves more attention  and i came to like the minimalistic acoustic guitar score quite a bit .  
the first of two films by johnny to  this film won many awards  but none so prestigious as a cannes golden palm nomination .  br    br   the triad elects their leader  but it is far from democratic with the behind the scenes machinations .  br    br   tony leung ka fai  zhou yu  s train  ashes of time redux  is big d  who plans to take the baton no matter what it takes  even if it means a war . well  war is not going to happen as that is bad for business . big d will change his tune or . . .  br    br   good performances by simon yam  louis koo and ka tung lam  infernal affairs i  iii   along with tony leung ka fai .  br    br   whether masons  made men in the mafia  or members of the wo sing society  the ceremonies are the same fascinating to watch .  br    br   to be continued . . .  
this movie is a little unusual in that it  s got a very slim plot and the movie itself is done at a very slow and leisurely pace . while this makes it pretty different from the average grant film  it is still highly watchable and entertaining . it  s sort of like someone said  let  s just follow cary around and watch as he gets perturbed at all the little problems that come up when you are having a house rehabbed  . considering what a fun actor he is in the film and the great support he gets from myrna loy and melvin douglas  the film works very well . while the film has pretty modest pretensions  it makes the most of the material . it  s a great film for cary grant fans or for the whole family .  
personally  i find the movie to be quite a good watch . it outlines the actual situation of triads in hong kong and gives the viewer a glimpse of how triads are organized .  br    br   not only that  it also shows the viewer how the hong kong police control the triad situation and why the police don  t just go all out and wipe out triads .  br    br   overall  the movie is rather violent due to the gangland methods of killings  torture . nevertheless  the movie stays true to the real world  thus the violence on screen is just a reflection of what really happens .  br    br   i  d recommend this movie to any triad  mafia movie fan . another good watch would be dragon squad . that movie has more guns than this  as in this movie there  s more knives than guns  in fact i don  t remember seeing a single gun  .  
despite a tight narrative  johnnie to  s election feels at times like it was once a longer picture  with many characters and plot strands abandoned or ultimately unresolved . some of these are dealt with in the truly excellent and far superior sequel  election   harmony is a virtue  but it  s still a dependably enthralling thriller about a contested triad election that bypasses the usual shootouts and explosions  though not the violence  in favour of constantly shifting alliances that can turn in the time it takes to make a phone call . it  s also a film where the most ruthless character isn  t always the most threatening one  as the chilling ending makes only too clear one can imagine a lifetime of psychological counselling being necessary for all the trauma that one inflicts on one unfortunate bystander .  br    br   simon yam  all too often a variable actor but always at his best under to  s direction  has possibly never been better in the lead  not least because tony leung  s much more extrovert performance makes his stillness more the powerful .  
election marks the  nd trial society theme movie directed by johnnie to .  br    br   to marvellously casted simon yan and tony leung kar fai as lok and big d  as the two trial members who were chosen as candidates for the position of chairman for ho sing society  a    year old trial society .  br    br   while lok is a man who keeps his cool at all times  big d is not only impatient  but also thinks that he is on top of everything . lok was chosen as the next chairman for  years . to have the total control of the gang  the newly elected chairman must be passed down with a dragon baton  which represents power and authority . big d was extremely unhappy with the results that he was not chosen to be the next chairman after paying a handsome figure of bribes to the council members . he ordered his man to get the baton before it falls onto the hands of lok .  br    br   while big d is getting the baton  lok has other plans for him .  br    br   this is one of the trial society theme movies where not much bloodshed is needed . johnnie to puts the greed of the human beings in the movie  where bloodshed is commonly used in other trial society theme movies to show how the greed of human beings can caused the death or the downfall of one . however  no single bullet is used  hardly any gangfights are involved in election . it  s the battle of the wits that makes election stands out of the rest .  br    br   apart from maggie shiu  the only actress in election with less than  lines to talk in the whole movie  masculinity rules the whole movie . louis koo and nick cheung  who was seen in to  s previous film  are casted as an undercover cop and a gangster who sold his life to the gang respectively . together with some of the veteran actors making their appearance in the film and the excellent script  it makes the only hk movie to represent cannes fil festival     .  br    br   election has hardly failed any critics who wants an different trial society theme movie .  
this film really deserves more recognition than its getting . it really is a stunning and rich portrayal of blood ties  favours and allegiances within the crime world . the film is shot beautifully and delves into all you  re classic crime themes such as betrayal and power . this film is a movie goers film  it requires attention and understanding and rewards fully in the end . it is the godfather of hong kong and is a welcome change rather than another wire frame fighting  martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china . it features an arrangement of great characters  actors and development although is fair to say i had to watch it twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many interactions in the film . all in all     great plot characters but there are characters that don  t stand out enough and the music didn  t really get me going and at times i felt it didn  t sync well with the action  there is action by the way  so it loses some points for that .  
  br    br   i must admit  i was expecting something quite different from my first viewing of  cut  last night  though was delighted with the unexpected australian horror gem . i am a true horror fan as true as they come  and found  cut  to not only be the best of the genre australia has ever produced  but one of the great parody  comedy films of late .  br    br   my only concern is that mainstream audiences may not pick up on a lot of the comedic elements  the film was not overly clever in it  s application but made me laugh at every turn trying to fit in every possible cliche of the horror genre they could . i am certain this was intended as humour . . . . hoping this was intended as humour .  br    br   and of course  there was the gore .  br    br   the use of the  customised  garden shears was brilliance  besides the expected stabs and slashes . in short  there was a huge amount of variety and creativity in the many violent deaths  enough to please even the skeptics of this films worth .  br    br   the appearance of both kylie minogue  short that her appearance was  and molly ringwald was just another reason to see the film  both performances were fantastic  as well as simon bossell   the castle   in a brilliant role as the jokey technician .  br    br   all in all  i think this movie is one of the best horror products of the last couple or years  as well as a beautiful satire  parody  toungue  in  cheek till the very end .  br    br   loved it . go see it   
australia  s first mainstream slasher film hits the screen with a bang . and a stab . and a slice . and a scream or two . and plenty of blood  frights  red herrings and lots of laughs .  br    br   in fact  there  s lots of first surrounding cut  it  s the first script of dave warner  s to be produced  although he has several others either optioned or in negotiation it  s the first major film from director and former hoodoo guru kimble rendall and it  s also the first film for producer martin fabinyi . and for a bunch of guys dipping their toes into this genre for the first time  they sure know their stuff .  br    br   cut tells the story of a bunch of australian film students who hear about a slasher film  hot blooded  that was never finished because its director  hilary  kylie minogue   was killed by the actor playing the psycho killer in the film .  br    br   despite their lecturer  who was assistant director on the night hilary died  warning them that whenever someone tries to start up production of hot blooded again someone dies  director raffy  jessica napier  and producer hester  sarah kants  decide to go ahead and complete the film . they put together a crew and manage to get the original star  vanessa turnbill  molly ringwald   to return to australia  in fact  to the original location  to complete hot blooded    years after shooting shut down .  br    br   of course  this being a slasher film  lots of bloodletting ensues  long with plenty of laughs  a few good scares and a rocking aussie soundtrack . cut shows that australia can make a good  mass  market horror film just as well as hollywood .  br    br   it  s a finely crafted feature  with excellent special effects  a taut plot and a killer  scarman  that  s a welcome addition to the ranks of michael  jason and freddy .  
i was really excited about seeing this film . i thought finally australia had made a good film . . but i was wrong .  br    br   this was the most pathetic attempt at a slasher film ever . i feel sorry for molly ringwald having to come all the way to australia to make an awful movie .  br    br   the acting was terrible  especially that australian guy who was trying to speak in an american accent   and the plot was also pretty bad .  br    br   when i first heard about this film coming out  i thought that the title was pathetic  because it sounds like the cheesy film  stab  in scream    but i was willing to let it slide if it was a good movie .  br    br   warning    major spoilers     br    br   probably the worst thing about the film was the ending . i was expecting a big surprise about who the killer was . . but the killer wasn  t even human . . which turned this realistic slasher film into an awful horror movie .  br    br   don  t see this film . . you  ll probably be disappointed   
i saw this movie with a bunch of friends and although only two of us walked out of the cinema thinking how cool it was  the others just laughed and commented on how stupid it was . well that was because it isn  t supposed to be taken so seriously  basically it is a a movie that mocks horror flicks and does a damn good job . . there seems to be another movie coming out like that too  umm . . . scary movie   well this is aussie  and original    jessica napier does a surperb performance and sarah kants has a definate bright future in acting  i hope to see more of them . molly ringwald was a good move  and kylie was an even better move . the impossible princess was queen of the screen   i recommend seeing this flick  as you  ll be guessing until the very end the connection with raffy  hilary and the movie that never got finished   years ago .  
personally  i enjoyed cut thouroughly . it was the first time i  ve seen a theatrically release australian slasher flick . a genre normally restricted to the mainstream hollywood films .  br    br   with all the usual cooky comedies and dramas coming out of australia i loved being able to see a homegrown horror movie that wasn  t a rip off of anything . i didn  t even think it was really a spoof of other movies . it was a supernaturally theme horror like nightmare on elm street  not scream or i know what you did last summer and therefore there was more of a suspension of disbelief . i think it  s about time australian films tried to get more into the mainstream genres .  br    br   cut was original  scary enough and ultimately just a bit of fun . i  d give it seven out of ten and wouldn  t treat it as anything serious . it did what i expected it to do  entertain and scare me enough times to be satisfying . i enjoyed it .  
i have been wanting to see cut since the day i have heard of it  which was sometime last year . anyway i got to see today  and when the movie started i thought that it started rather week but it got better after   mins or so . i thought that the movie was pretty good . but the thing i didn  t like was how the killer was created  i was thinking just before i rented that it would probably suck just like urban legends final cut  i almost died it . mostly everything in ul final cut needed to be improved . cut is    times better than ulfinal cut . the best part of cut is the killer and the death scenes . the killer kicks mo fing ass .  br    br   i give cut a  out of    
there is so much to love in this darling little comedy . anyone who has ever built or bought a house  or even just been short of space  will find that there is more than just a grain of truth in the plight of the addled mr . blanding . melvyn douglas  with great comedic flare  both narrates and acts as the blandings  attorney and voice of reason . as well myrna loy is at her best as a rather scatterbrained but extremely patient wife . but the best performance is grant  s . he is the american everyman  especially relevant at the time of this film  s release  when the nation was in the grips of a housing shortage after the end of the war . the themes are universal  lack of money  work strain  fear of infidelity . yes  it does wrap up awfully neatly  but you must keep in mind that this was a time when the world was just recovering from a terrible war  and wanted a happy ending . it is still relevant today  and i must chalk up the poor reviews i see to a present preference for dumbed down  gross out comedies . the look of the film is slick  and there are some great bits of comedy is well  particularly toward the beginning . while it may have lost some of it  s social relevance  nearly sixty years after it  s release  it is still a gem .  
it isn  t the worst film ever made  the actors aren  t apalling and the script and director are not completely inept .  br    br   it isn  t the best film ever made  the actors aren  t excellent and the script and director are not completely brilliant .  br    br   it falls somewhere in the middle . a fun somewhere . an enjoyable  well constructed somewhere .  br    br   no need to say  don  t take it seriously  or  so bad its good  or  it wasn  t scary  . none of these comments are relevant .  br    br   cut has atmosphere . it  s that atmosphere which is actually very unique  and the one really original aspect of the movie  which personally is what makes the film  for me .  
  cut  is a full  tilt spoof of the slasher genre and in the main it achieves what it sets out to do . most of the standard slasher cliches are there the old creepy house  the woods  the anonymous indestructible serial killer  buckets of gore  and of course the couple interrupted by the killer while they  re having sex  that  s hardly a spoiler  .  br    br   the set  up is simplicity itself film  school nerds set out to complete an unfinished slasher  masterpiece   unfinished because of the murders of a couple of the cast . this also neatly  okay  messily  disposes of kylie minogue in the first reel . they are joined by one of the survivors of the original film  played by molly ringwald who absolutely steals the film because she gets all the best lines . the rest of the cast fit their roles well  especially the lovely jessica napier  who plays it straight while the mayhem and gore erupt around her .  br    br   there are plenty of red herrings and fake suspenseful moments  and there is very little time to try to work out who the killer is because the film moves at such a fast pace . it also has an appropriate low budget look  including some clumsy editing which is probably deliberate . good soundtrack  too . if there is a difficulty with this film it is deciding whether it is a send  up of or a homage to the slasher genre . probably a bit of both .  
this is not a bad movie . it follows the new conventions of modern horror  that is the movie within a movie  the well known actress running for her life in the first scene . this movie takes the old convention of a psycho killer on he loose  and manage to do something new  and interesting with it . it is also always nice to see molly ringwald back for the attack .  br    br   so this might be an example of what the genre has become . cut hits all the marks  and is actually scary in some parts . i liked it i gave it an eight .  
this is surprisingly above average slasher  that  s enjoyable and well made  with some decent gore  . all the characters are decent  and the story is quite fun  plus molly ringwald played the annoying bitch extremely well . i bought this at a pawn shop for a    and it was surprisingly worth it  and the special effects were pretty damn good for the budget  plus i loved the mask the killer wore as it was actually somewhat creepy . the finale was really cool  as i loved how they defeated the killer  and the ending while predictable was very amusing as well  plus all the characters except for ringwald were surprisingly pretty likable  . it  s decently made and written  and i thought it was quite creative and original at times as well  plus some of the death scenes were very impressive . this killer didn  t mess around  and i loved it  and slasher fans  like myself  should really enjoy this film  plus the opening was really wicked too  with them filming the movie  . this is a surprisingly above average slasher  that  s enjoyable  and well made  with some decent gore  and i say it  s well worth the watch  . the direction is good . kimble rendall does a good  job here with solid camera work  using a creepy setting  good angles and keeping the film at a fast moving pace . the acting is solid  . molly ringwald plays the bitch extremely well  and i had troubles feeling sorry for her  after all she was supposed to be the heroine  she turned out better towards the end  but not by much  i  m surprised she decided to do this film  nonetheless she did an excellent job  . frank roberts is fantastic as the killer  he is menacing  creepy and had one hell of a mask  and this guy didn  t mess around  he was fantastic  . kylie minogue plays a bitch very well in her small role . jessica napier is cute and does fine as the other heroine . rest of the cast are fine . overall well worth the watch  .  out of   
for a slasher flick  this movie is actually better than a lot in the genre . yes it is predictable  resident nut job goes on killing spree  people die  yada yada yada . however there are some good positives in this film . first off  i really liked the mask the nut job wore . it is definitely creepy to say the least and possibly unique  although i haven  t watched every single slasher film ever made  also  the genesis of the bad due is something i haven  t seen before  and he way he finally meets his end is a novel concept  as far as i know . i also really liked the weapon of choice employed by mr sicko  for most of the murders . the murders themselves are not as graphic as most in the genre  but that  a small concern . the movie does not take itself seriously  which is something most slashers suffer from . oddly enough  while watching the movie  i was reminded of the early  friday the   th films  which did take themselves seriously . there are a few concerns about this movie . in several scenes  the killer suddenly bears a strong resemblance to one of our horror icons . by this  i mean his movements and his reactions upon being shot  and also the way he walked . of bigger concern  however is a scene very close to the end  where mr crazy bears a more than striking resemblance  actually a complete rip off  of another famous horror titan . and in the very last scenes  we have our scumbag  once again  looking exactly like the  st horror icon i mentioned . in fact that last scene is almost a complete rip  off from another icon in the slasher genre . these scenes were weak and unoriginal  obviously  . by the way  the movie is set in australia  so if you  re a sucker for a chick with an aussie accent  like me  you  ll be in heaven . if you not  than it just might grate on you . one other great thing about this moviebeautiful kylie minogoue  just don  t get too attached to her  there is one non aussie accent  courtesy of molly ringwald . overall  there are more reasons to watch than not . i enjoyed it and had some fun . so  i have to give  cut       which may seem too high to some people .  
twelve years ago  production stopped on the slasher flick  hot blooded  since almost everyone on the set started dying . now  a couple of film students have decided to finish the film  despite the fact that there  s a rumor that the film is cursed . well  they  re about to find out that some curses are real .  br    br   when scream was released  every country seemed to want to cash in on its success  even australia . the concept  which today has been done to death  a slasher film within a slasher film  was at the time relatively cool and original . this movie was released right before urban legends final cut and scream   well not in the us but in australia  so it felt like the first movie with this concept . when urban legends  was released  most of us had all ready grown sick of the concept and since the movie wasn  t even good  the movie flopped disastrously . now  cut is not the best slasher flick ever  and nor does it try to be . it knows that it  s a rip  off  and they even cast a girl who looks like a blonde version of neve campbell in the starring role . but instead of trying to add some new and original twists to the story  they  ve decided to rip  off some   s slasher flicks like  nightmare on elm street  as well and surprisingly enough  this actually works . the killer is very creepy and that mask is just killer  and instead of trying to scare the audience to death  they  ve created a very good and creepy atmosphere which keeps us in suspense through most of the movie . there are a couple of plot holes in the movie though that i wasn  t able to fully ignore  the ending being the biggest plot hole in the movie . spoiler ahead i mean  they burnt the only copy of the movie so where the hell did they find the print that they show in the final scene  it makes no sense i tell you . end of spoilers . all in all  cut is a pretty creepy slasher flick with a silly story but i consider this to be one of the better scream rip  offs that never made it big . i  m surprised that this one never got a sequel  but i guess it simply came out too late .  br    br   suspenseful australian slasher flick with very few scares . cut is still a pretty neat slasher movie and i will have to recommend this one even though i consider the story to be quite silly since it  s completely ludicrous .  
when i think of the cheesiest guilty pleasure  type movies  the first thing i think of are    s slasher flicks . really bad slasher flicks . the formulaic type of film  where all a script needed was  parts blood and several parts nudity to get made .  br    br   flash forward to the late    s  early    s . the slasher flick has been revitalized with the success of      s  scream  . like in the    s  these films were formulaic  masking a lack of inspiration by labelling themselves as  hip  tongue  in  cheek parodies  of the original slasher flicks . of this recent blend of  hip parody  neo  slasher flicks  the only one worth seeing is the low  budget  direct  to  video  cut  .  br    br   like most of the other  new  slasher flicks   cut  relies on the production of a slasher flick  in this case a fictional     film  hot blooded   to make its commentary on the genre .  hot blooded  never finished production  because of killings by someone wearing the mask of the film  s killer  scarman  a bald figure with its mouth stitched close and dark  pupil  less eyes . now    years later  a group of film students  whose professor was involved in the production  have decided to go into the vaults  tap the original surviving actress  and finish the film . but every time the film is screened or a scene is shot   scarman  returns and someone dies . to quote the tagline  will they finish the film before it finishes them   br    br   this all sounds really bad  and to a degree it is  really  is there such a thing as a good slasher flick   . there is no character development  the  new  director is revealed to be the daughter of  hot blooded   s original director  whose life was apparently ruined after the production was cancelled this would  ve been a perfect detail to be worked into the plot  yet it  s never mentioned again  and  like in all other slasher flicks  there are just too many bodies to care about . the actors aren  t great  even by direct  to  video standards  but most are having fun with their characters  and for those who aren  t  it  s inadvertent character acting  since none of their characters in the film wanted to work on  hot blooded    particularly whoever was lucky enough to play scarman .  cut   s climax has no big  who dunnit  unmasking of the killer like in the  scream  films . it doesn  t have the gimmick killings of the  urban legend  films . what it does have is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by a  this way we can write a sequel if it sells well  ending . but that  s par for the course .  br    br   by any sensible viewing standards  this is a horrible movie that should be avoided  but this  quality  is what makes it true to its roots in the slasher genre  and this is what makes it more enjoyable than any of the other neo  slasher flicks .  
a horror movie is being shot and things aren  t going well . it  s about a masked killer . the director tells off the killer in front of the cast and crew . he goes crazy and kills two people . he  s killed himself and the film is never finished . twelve years later a bunch of film students decide to try and finish it   but there  s a curse . people who try and finish it are killed themselves . the students ignore that . guess what happens next   br    br   the plot is old hat but this isn  t bad . . . for what it is  a low budget slasher film  . it  s well  made with a young and fairly talented young cast . no one is great but no one is terrible either . it also avoids the obligatory  and needless  female nude scenes . it moves quickly  the gore is nice and bloody and the script doesn  t insult your intelligence . also molly ringwald is in this having the time of her life playing a bitchy faded actress .  br    br   no great shakes but not bad at all . i give it a  .  
this is one of those little christmas movies for everyone . our scrooge is ben affleck  who decides money is not enough  so he rents the family who lives where he thought his family did . ok  this is a great little high school soap  pg     but the small sex references are comedy  so if your kid can  t handle them  they can  t live in the real world  either .  br    br   now  affleck is a hunk  and as usual walks through this fun  omg  remember when we did . . .  ensemble piece as if he were at the end stages of some neuroinfectious disease . but that  s ok  because even this old oracle keeps hoping that if ben  s that well proportioned all over  well  there  s hope for us ladies yet . luckily  the rest of the ensemble   catharine o  hara  james gandolfini  christina applegate  udo kier and josh zuckerman   fill in and keep this shadow  side  ozzie  and  harriet christmas alternately hilarious  comfortable and warm .  br    br   this movie is the kind you can jump up and get popcorn  and when you get back  everyone wants to back it up to show you what you missed .  br    br   this is a happy film  after all  and it leaves you feeling good about life  love  family  christmas and chanel . there really is something for everyone .  
what  s with all the negative comments  after having seen this film for the first time tonight  i can only say that this is a good holiday comedy that is sure to brighten up any lonely person  s day . when i saw that drew  ben affleck  might end up spending the holidays alone  i wanted to cry . you  ll have to see the movie if you want to know why . also  even though i liked tom  james gandolfini  and alicia  christina applegate  after awhile  if you ask me  they were real snobs . however  this film did make me smile and feel good inside . before i wrap this up  i  d like to say that mike mitchell has scored a pure holiday hit . now  in conclusion  i highly recommend this good holiday comedy that is sure to brighten up any lonely person  s day to any ben affleck or christina applegate fan who hasn  t seen it .  
cary grant and myrna loy are perfectly cast as a middle class couple who want to build the house of their dreams . it all starts out with reasonable plans and expectations  both of which are blown to bits by countless complications and an explosion of the original budget .  br    br   there are many great laughs  even if the story is somewhat thin  sure to entertain fans of the stars or the late     s hollywood comedy style . a definite highlight comes when a contractor goes through a run down of all expenses  which must have sounded quite excessive to a     audience . as he makes his exit  he assures the client  grant  that perhaps he could achieve a reduction of     .   from the total . . . or at least    .   . . . but certainly    .   . hilarious   
come on people . this movie is better than  . i can see this happening . . . wealthy people have done crazier things than this . and it was funny .  br    br   i watch a comedy to be entertained  escape from the pressures of the world for a short while  and not to have to take anything too seriously . this movie fully suits that purpose . i judge a movie on its own merits and am not about to compare surviving christmas to blazing saddles . i watched totally dysfunctional people grow into caring  likable individuals who could easily live down the street from my home . it will remain on my list of  favorite . . . . . must watch for the holiday season  . if you just want to have a fun   minutes  watch this one .  
you can survive surviving christmas . i thought the television version was a bit edited way down . i like ben afleck . he plays drew johnson  a family  less adult  who is willing to pay complete strangers . the valcos starring james gandolfini and catherine o  hara as the parents and christina applegate as lisa valco  the daughter . drew is lonely around the holidays because he doesn  t have a family of his own so he rents out a family in the chicago suburbs for a quarter million dollars . bill macy who i best remember for playing maude  s husband arthur is hired to play duda  the grandfather . when the whole situation comes crashing down  the truth can be painful . the valcos household is crumbling apart from the drew situation . drew  s rich girlfriend and her parents make a surprising visit . you can  t buy what you wish for  the acting and writing is mediocre but the first rate cast pulls it through to the final scene .  
what  s not to like about this movie  every year you know that you  re going to get one or two yule tide movies during christmas time and most of them are going to be terrible . this movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well . a very funny take on a rich young guy paying a family to simulate a real christmas for him . what is the good of having money like that if you can  t do fun things with it . it was a win  win situation . a regular family gets six figures and a rich guy gets to experience christmas like he imagined . only if .  br    br   drew latham  ben affleck  was incredibly difficult to deal with and it was just a riot to see the family reluctantly comply with his absurd demands . it was a fun and funny movie .  
its a good thing i rented the movie before seeing the viewer rating from this site . it was a wonderful movie that i will be adding to my christmas selection . the cast was wonderfully chosen and ben affleck plays a good leading role . i would tell viewers who have not seen the movie to go ahead and buy it . i rate it right up there with christmas vacation . the movie was very funny and well written and ben plays the eccentric rich executive very well . the things he says and does is just how i would imagine a person with too much money to act . the movie is much funnier than the santa claus and christmas with the kranks . plus it has a good story line and teaches the true meaning of christmas which is you can  t buy love with money .  
i had some reservations about this movie  i figured it would be the usual bill of fare    a formula movie about christmas . being in the middle of a heat wave in late june  we decided to give it a shot anyway  maybe we would see some snow .  br    br   this movie turned out to be one laugh after another . ben affleck was believable in his character  but the real star of this one is james gandofini . he delivered his lines with a real wit about him and made a great  dad  .  br    br   if you want to have an enjoyable couple of hours  definitely check this one out .  
surviving christmas is a surprisingly funny movie especially considering the bad publicity when it was first released . ben affleck is funny as an obnoxious millionaire who pays the family that occupies his childhood home to be his family for christmas . he then drives the family crazy with overindulgence for christmas cheer . i have not been a ben affleck fan in the past  though i did like daredevil and paycheck  but here he is well cast in this role . i also like christina applegate as the daughter in the family who can  t stand affleck  s character at first . sure you can see where this movie is going but you don  t care . ignore what the critics say and rent this movie out because it is funnier than a lot of christmas movies .  
at first i didn  t think that ben affleck could really pull off a funny christmas movie   boy was i wrong  my daughter invited me to watch this with her and i was not disappointed at all . james gandolfini was funny   i really liked christina appelagate  and catherine o  hara was good too  the storyline is what really sold me   i mean   too put up with family   at the table for people you only hardly see but once or twice a year   and probably don  t get along with anyway   you really do need as much alcohol as you  re system can stand to deal with christmas   so i thought that the premise was good there  buying the family with       dollars  was a little on the far fetched side   but it turned out to work pretty good for me   cause it was a riot all the way through  it shows the class struggle of the different families . it has lot  s of funny moments  including embarrassing stuff on the computer for a teenage boy . all in all i loved this movie and will watch it again next christmas or sooner if my daughter wants too .  
what would you expect from a film titled  surviving christmas  and presented as  festive fun   something like ghandi or english patient  there are lots of things i love about this film  it  s funny  it is very well cast and it is superbly written . i came to the film as a kaplan  elfort fan but was dubious when i read the plot  it sounded ridiculous . but the film doesn  t come across like that because affleck  as drew latham  plays his part perfectly  one minute a child  like adult  the next a mature man who realises he has gained everything in life apart from what he really wants . in fact we see latham grow up in this film  when he encounters the problems of those he envies and realises that their lives are not so good  he sees that his own lot is not so bad .  br    br   this film has fewer weak or dud scenes than many other comedies i have seen . comedy is so much harder than any other type of drama  it either works or it doesn  t and very few comedy writers get it correct every time . i particularly loved the drama scene  where the family take to reading parts written by latham . the pleasure is in the reaction of tom valco  james gandolfini  and the comments of brian valco  josh zuckerman  . it is the dilemma of the greedy tom valco who has to bite his tongue  wear silly hats or sing to the christmas tree in order to earn the prize money that keeps the film moving along well .  br    br   the addition of daughter alicia  christina applegate  into the story brings a delightful romantic angle  and why not in a christmas film  of course its corny and contrived he  s rich and handsome  she  s beautiful and single  and so inevitably her and afflect end up falling over together in the snow and finding themselves face to face . great  one thing i would have liked was more use of festive music to boost the atmosphere but i can  t really complain . i got what i wanted .  
this movie isn  t as bad as i heard . it was enjoyable  funny and i love that is revolves around the holiday season . it totally has me in the mood to christmas shop and listen to holiday music . when this movie comes out on dvd it will take the place of christmas vacation in my collection . it will be a movie to watch every year after thanksgiving to get me in the mood for the best time of the year . i heard that ben  s character was a bit crazy but i think it just adds to the movie and why be so serious all the time . take it for what is it  a christmas comedy with a love twist . i enjoyed it . no  it isn  t titanic and it won  t make your heart pound with anticipation but it will bring on a laugh or two . so go laugh and have a good time   
i laughed so hard during this movie my face hurt . ben affleck was hilarious and reminded me of a pretty boy jack black in this role . gandolfini gives his typical a performance . the entire cast is funny  the story pretty good and the comic moments awesome . i went into this movie not expecting much so perhaps that is why i was so surprised to come out of the flick thoroughly pleased and facially exhausted . i would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys comedy  can identify with loneliness during the holidays and  or putting up with the relatives . the best part to this film  to me anyway  were the subtle bits of humor that caught me completely off guard and had me laughing long after the rest of the audience had stopped . namely  the scene involving the lighting of the christmas tree . go see it and have a good laugh   
this movie was made in      but it still rings true today . very  very funny . it begins with a family wanting to buy a little place in the country and it  builds  from there . anyone who has ever built a house  will find this movie very endearing . great cast . cary grant and myrna lloyd are delightful in this film . this is a classic black and white film that reflects the grand style of the    s . . . . clothing  architecture and family life . many references are made to the cost of things  and those comparisons to today  s costs are pretty amazing . i can  t imagine anyone not enjoying this movie completely . i am surprised of the number of middle aged people who have never heard of it . a true classic .  
europa   or  as it is also known  zentropa   is one of the most visually stunning films i have ever seen . the blend of grayscale and colour photography is near seamless . . . a true feast for the eyes . the picture was a contender for a      s golden palm in canners . the award went to barton fink  by coen brothers   a film stylistically very similar to zentropa . here  s an exercise in class rent both films and be a judge for yourself .  
this was a must see documentary for me when i missed the opportunity in      so i was definitely going to watch the repeat . i really sympathised with the main character of the film  because  this is true  i have a milder condition of the skin problem he had  dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa  eb  . this is a sad  sometimes amusing and very emotional documentary about a boy with a terrible skin disorder . jonny kennedy speaks like a kid  because of wasting vocal muscle  and never went through puberty  but he is   years old . most sympathising moments are seeing his terrible condition  and pealing off his bandages . jonny had quite a naughty sense of humour  he even narrated from beyond the grave when showing his body in a coffin . he tells his story with the help of his mother  edna kennedy  his older brother and celebrity model  and jonny  s supporter  nell mcandrew . it won the baftas for best editing and best new director  factual   and it was nominated for best sound  factual  and the flaherty documentary award . it was number   on the    greatest tv treats     . a must see documentary   
this is probably the best documentary i have seen in a very long time . jonny kennedy was and is still is a tragically beautiful inspiration . not only was he a survivor of one of the most painful diseases out there  but he used his beauty to show the world that there is life after death and never to give up reaching people and spreading his love . watching minutes of his life long struggle was heart  wrenching . listening to his smart ass remarks and seeing his adorable gestures was heartwarming . and seeing him smile was indescribable . i feel blessed to have been able to be touched by this tiny giant . please  if you ever have a chance to watch this film  consider yourself lucky to have met jonny kennedy .  
i was greatly moved when i watched the movie . how jonny could keep such hope and faith was amazing . so many people only care about what they want  and fuss about all the things they don  t have . and they are such small things  like chothes  money a new car . i  ve seen people in tears because of a blemish . this movie brings everything back to the basics . love  hope the beauty of the simple but so important things in life . it makes our everyday problems seen for what they are small and really unimportant . you watch this boy and you realize as long as you have been blessed with food  a roof over your head and your loved ones around you . you are truly blessed . and the saying stop and smell the roses truly has a new meaning . and i know jonny will see this and i want to thank him so much for sharing such faith  strenght  and humor with me . thank you jonny i know you soar the heavens and bring much love and laughter to the heavens above .  
this man is nothing short of amazing . you truly feel as if you have lived his life with him throughout these tragic events  and cry along with his family in the end . he was so passionate about his cause  not just for himself  but to ensure others who will survive him do not have to go through this wretched pain . i watch this video every time i am having a bad or  down  day  and it always manages to make me see the great and brighter side of life  just like jonny did  even with his unbearable pain . my only regret is not knowing about jonny sooner  as i visited england  times during his life  and would have been able to say i  d met him . it is comforting to know jonny is sitting on his cloud  pain free  rest in peace  dear jonny . you deserve it   
the most moving and truly eye opening documentary ever created . i cried the whole way through  from start to end . watching the show you are immediately captured by a man  s struggle to live without pain  to live a life we would take for granted . the first time i heard the title  i was almost scared to see the program  it was hard for me to comprehend living in agony every day of every year of my life . i truly felt for him . the saddest part of the documentary is when jonny picks out his coffin . could you imagine doing that  even more so  even though he was in excruciating and unbearable pain he still opened up his own charity .  debra  jonny is one of the only people that deserves true respect and admiration  he is the definition of a role model  what a true and undeniable hero he was   
in september        year  old jonny kennedy died . he had a terrible genetic condition called dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa  eb   which meant that his skin literally fell off at the slightest touch  leaving his body covered in agonising sores and leading to a final fight against skin cancer . in his last months jonny decided to work with filmmaker patrick collerton to document his life and death  and the result was a film  first broadcast in march  that was an uplifting  confounding and provocatively humorous story of a singular man . not shying away from the grim reality of eb  the film was also a celebration of a life lived to the full . produced and directed by patrick collerton and first shown in march     the boy whose skin fell off has become the most talked about documentary of that year . it attracted nearly five million viewers and after the screening the public donated over half a million pounds to jonny  s charity  debra . a jonny kennedy memorial fund has been set up to raise another half a million with the aim of ensuring that jonny kennedy left a one million pound legacy .  
i have a two year old son who suffers from the same condition as jonny kennedy . i never got the chance to meet him but i have never heard anybody say a bad word about him . i hope he knows how much the making of this programme has helped his fellow sufferers by raising awareness of this terrible condition . this man has touched people in a way that a million charity leaflets could not . i believe that this should be compulsory viewing in schools . i also agree with other comments  what have i got to moan about  he took everything that life could throw at him and still managed to retain a sense of humour . god bless . i couldn  t watch the part that showed his dressings being changed . i have enough trouble with my son  s .  
was flipping around the tv and hbo was showing a double whammy of unbelievably horrendous medical conditions  so i turned to my twin sister and said   hey this looks like fun    truly i love documentaries  so we started watching it . at first i thought jonni kennedy was a young man  but then it was explained that due to his condition  he never went through puberty  thus the high voice and smaller body . he was on a crusade to raise money for his cause . he had the most wonderful sense of humor combined with a beautiful sense of spirituality . . . i cried  watched some more  laughed  got up to get another kleenex  then cried some more . once jonni kennedy  s  time was up  he flew to heaven to be with the angels . he was more than ready he had learned his lessons from this life and he was free . i highly recommend this . if you do not fall in love with this guy  you have no heart .  
i couldn  t hold back the tears when i watched this beautiful documentary . it was heart  breaking  disturbing  and inspiring all in one . i recommend this documentary to anyone seeking something that will make them think about what they are doing with their own lives . or simply  something that will make you think . you watch as john lives through the last couple months of his life . you watch as he goes through his days with a positive attitude . at one point you begin to see that he is truly an amazing individual . you begin to understand that he has something to teach all of us . his life and struggles will make you cry  laugh  and find that life  s a lot easier to live if you just take it one day at a time .  
as with all of angelopoulos  films   the suspended step of the stork  implicitly demands a close and intimate participation on the part of the viewer  a fact that has certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work . dialogues are sparing  with no monologues or exchanges exteriorizing the characters  inner conflicts  doubts  or feelings . the filmmaker prefers to keep the viewers away from their own emotional responses  and instead forces them to explore and study the characters  identities for themselves . as a result  the acting is understated and implicit  as opposed to overt and explicit .  br    br   the action scenes are set between long intervals of contemplation  where the viewer is asked to become a participant  to participate as an actor  by probing his or her own psyche . as in a novel  where the drama rests entirely on the author  s writing to provide a template where the reader  s imagination and  or past experience flourish  angelopoulos  drama rests within his images his uses of the long shots  the long takes  the leisurely pacing  the sparing dialogues that have become his trademark  inviting the viewer to experience the film from his or her personal perspective . angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity  reverting to the non  verbal language of gestures  gazes  sounds  and music  when he believes that words can only take us so far .  br    br   the music  by angelopoulos  long time collaborator  eleni karaindrou  provides more than just a discreet background  but becomes itself a dramatic element of the story . a large part of the film consists of exterior shots in subtle  subdued colors  recorded in a drab winter light . angelopoulos presents us with an  other greece   one far different from the greece of the tourist brochures  with ethereal blue skies and emerald seas  drowned in an eternal sunshine . here  the skies are covered and gray  the air is cold and misty  and the sands of the pristine beaches have been replaced by the trampled  dirty snow of the village streets . angelopoulos  genius through arvanitis  camera is on display throughout the film .  br    br    the suspended step of the stork  is above all else a political statement aimed at the socio  political situation in the balkans at the end of the twentieth century . it is deeply concerned with the meaning of  borders   and with those who are the victims of the confusion between nations . in the  waiting room  facing the albanian border  the refugees  political or other  outcast by the rest of humanity  wait . they may be stuck against a political border  but unfortunately they still carry with them  and hang on  deeper ancestral borders those of the languages  of the customs  and of the races . although angelopoulos  political views are well known  the film steers clear of any political discourse regarding the causes of the refugees  plights . in the process  angelopoulos forces us to meditate on the concepts of geographical  cultural  political  and personal  borders .   br    br   angelopoulos considers himself a historian of twentieth century greece  and he likes to bring lessons from the hellenic myths into his discussions . in this film  he does some border crossing himself between the greek and italian cultures  drawing from a combined homeric and dantesque tradition of odysseus  travel . alexander is a telemachus  in search of a story about an aging greek politician  odysseus who disappeared  never to be heard of again . this political man  a brilliant orator  unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence  his wife  and his brilliant career  to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the low . he became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world . of course  the  politician  is not alexander  s father  but the  politician  stands before alexander like a father figure  odysseus . as with homer  s telemachus  alexander grows as a person during his odyssey .  br    br   of course  it would be wrong to try and see in the film a retelling of homer  s odyssey in a contemporary context . angelopoulos draws on odysseus  s travels only as structuring and thematic elements for his film . in angelopoulos  ending   odysseus  is more like the dante  s odysseus he does not leave for ithaca but goes on   carrying a suitcase .  and alexander  telemachus is  suspended  between returning to his home and his career  or embarking on a voyage to  somewhere else .  he states as much  in a voice  over at the beginning of the film  paraphrasing few lines from dante  s  inferno    and don  t forget that the time for a voyage has come again . the wind blows your eyes far away .   br    br   finally  although angelopoulos is not a religious person  there is a greek orthodox religious theme introduced during the film in the form of the yellow  suited linesmen  who go around bettering things for their fellow human beings by reconnecting communications  and also the christ  like figure of the  politician .  in the final scene  these men in yellow demonstrate once more the byzantine iconography  s influence in angelopoulos  work . they appear like  stylites   religious figures found in the orthodox tradition  solitary and fervent men who took up their abode upon the tops of pillars  in a form of asceticism .  br    br   the film ends without a resolution as to the true identity of the character played by mastroianni . angelopoulos does not give us any clues  and the wife  s statement   it  s not him   is far from convincing and left ambiguous enough . the important question of the film is not whether he is or is not the vanished politician  but that he could be the politician . but the film still ends on an optimistic note . whereas the wires strung from pole to pole run only along the river  and thus communications across the border are still not possible  and it remains impenetrable  we note that this final scene is taken from a point of view across the river the camera has crossed the border  and the reverse tracking shot is inviting alexander and the viewer to follow beyond the boundary . on this account  angelopoulos gives us hope that somehow  some of the borders will eventually crumble .  
one of cary grant  s most enduring comedies is mr . blandings builds his dream house . although judging by the size of it the dwelling would be a dream mansion today . still cary was making a good living in the advertising field even though he was having a devil of a time trying to come up with a slogan for ham with the brand name of wham .  br    br   what made this film so popular was the housing shortage of the post world war ii years . returning veterans from the war were claiming their entitlements under the gi bill of rights which included home loans . the problem was there literally were not enough houses to satisfy the demand . around the time the book by eric hodgins and the film were so popular congress passed and president truman signed the taft  ellender  wagner housing law which put the government for the first time in the home building business .  br    br   i had an uncle and aunt who were around the same time building their own home which they moved into in the early fifties . like cary grant and myrna loy they had two daughters and were looking to get out of inner city rochester . their place wasn  t quite as grand as a house in connecticut with eighteen rooms  still they lived there the rest of their lives the way cary and myrna most likely did .  br    br   of course it was expensive and the costs just keep adding up and up  threatening to send cary to the cleaners . cary and myrna also have melvyn douglas around to offer counsel  usually too late . truth be told he  s kind of sweet on myrna and cary knows it .  br    br   myrna loy  s role is simply an extension of nora charles . if you can imagine the charles  s moving to the country and william powell having the headaches cary grant does  the film would still work just fine .  br    br   mr . blandings builds his dream house still works well as comedy because the situations are universal . and this review is dedicated to my uncle walter and aunt kate who lived in their dream house together for over   years .  
a most recommendable masterpiece  not only for the underlying themes of the story but also for the unmatchably brilliant and ingenious picture work of angelopoulos  not to mention the acting of giants  mastroianni and moreau  and the remarkable character play by ilias logothethis . gregory karr  s performance may seem overshadowed by his  tough  partners  at first stance but in fact he perfectly plays his character  which is revealed in his very last scene with the girl  khrysikou  and the man  mastroianni   albeit hinted beforehand .  hence the spoiler .   br    br   get your expectations straight  it  s an  art movie  in whatever meaning that phrase has to offer and requires attention . not for spending free time  but for watching an artwork with the necessary concentration as in reading a book or attending a concert . due to the overall photographic style  large screen viewing is recommended .  br    br   dialogues are used sparingly . but the film includes  in addition to the standard greek and english speaking  fragments spoken in albanian  kurdish and turkish  which will be attractive for those who are charmed by the beauty in hearing various languages .  
enjoyed this     film with plenty of veteran classic actors and especially  william powell   dr . lawrence bradford    mister roberts   who played the role as a doctor and detective . dr . bradford was once married to jean arthur   paula bradford    shane   and got a divorce and still they managed to live with each other and also fight all the time . paula wanted her husband to investigate a homicide and did everything she could to convince him it was very important . jean arthur plays a rather nutty type and there is plenty of     comedy and the method of murder is something you will never believe  especially with a jockey on a california race track . robert armstrong   nick martel   king kong  gave a great supporting role as a bookie along with james gleason  a detective who need the help of dr . bradford in order to solve this very strange murder mystery . if you see this film  just remember it was produced and directed in     and the people in the audience in those days thought this was great entertainment and it really was in those days   
  the ex  mrs . bradford         starring thin man series star william powell  this film was released the same year as the second thin man film   after the thin man   comes very close to duplicating the fun and style of the thin man films  but it nonetheless misses . still  it is a wonderfully fun  highly entertaining murder mystery in the same comic vein .  br    br   is myrna loy missed  of course  let  s not lie . however  i  d be hard  pressed to name a better substitute than jean arthur . and the chemistry between arthur and co  star william powell is real and it  s fun  romantic and involving .  br    br   the story and screenplay by anthonyu vieller and john wyne  s production company partner  james edward grant   the angel  the bad man   is close to being up there with a thin man effort  but lacks a bit of the proper wit and sizzle .  br    br   while it  s not in the stratosphere of  the thin man  movies  what else is     the ex  mrs . bradford  is one of the most entertaining of the dozens and dozens of mystery  comedy  who  done  its  of the    s    s .  
william powell is a doctor dealing with a murder and an ex  wife in  the ex  mrs . bradford   also starring jean arthur  eric blore  and james gleason . it seems that powell had chemistry going with just about any woman with whom he was teamed . though he and myrna loy were the perfect screen couple  the actor made a couple of other  thin man  type movies  one with ginger rogers and this one with arthur  both to very good effect .  br    br   somehow one never gets tired of seeing powell as a witty  debonair professional and  the ex  mrs . bradford  is no exception . the ex  mrs . b has mr . b served with a subpoena for back alimony and then moves back in to help him solve a mystery that she  s dragged him into . and this isn  t the first time she  s done that  it almost seems as though there was a  bradford  film before this one or that this was intended to be the first of a series of films  mr . b complains that his mystery  writer ex is constantly bringing him into cases . this time  a jockey riding the favorite horse in a raise mysteriously falls off the horse and dies right before the finish line .  br    br   the solution of the case is kind of outlandish but it  s beside the point . the point is the banter between the couple and the interference of the ex  mrs . b . jean arthur is quite glamorous in her role and very funny . however  with an actress who comes off as brainy as arthur does  the humor seems intentional rather than featherbrained . i suspect the writer had something else in mind  say  the wacky side of carole lombard . when arthur hears that the police have arrived  she says   ah  it  s probably about my alimony . i  ve been waiting for the police to take a hand in it   it  s more of a rib to powell rather than a serious statement . it still works well  and it shows how a good actress can make a part her own .  br    br   definitely worth watching  as william powell and jean arthur always were .  
i  ve seen the thin man series   powell and loy are definitely great  but there is something awfully sweet about powell and arthur  s chemistry in this flick . jean arthur shines when she looks at powell . there is an unmistakable undercurrent buzzing between them . this film may not have the wit of the thin man series  but undeniably makes up for it in charm . while i watched it  i thought for sure powell was carrying on an off  screen affair with arthur . my friends thought the same . this is one film where i wish i could step back in time  to schmooze and lock lips with powell   there seems to be no end to his lovable playful smirks  powell  s character  lawrence bradford  is probably the closest thing to the  perfect man .  okay  this is sounding way too gushy  but i can  t help myself .  
rko studios decided to borrow both william powell from mgm and jean arthur from columbia  for one of their more big budget efforts to cash in on the popularity of the thin man . they succeeded to some degree .  br    br   a lot of folks forget that in addition to and earlier than nick charles  bill powell also played in a few philo vance films in the title role . so by this time he was pretty well set in the role . doctor bradford is not doing as many liquid lunches as nick charles  but the basic blas nick is still there . one difference is that while nick charles married an heiress  doctor bradford works for a living as a physician . that helps in his avocation of detective and in fact it does in this film .  br    br   he  s got two murders to solve . a jockey falls off a horse coming into the homestretch of a big race and dies for no apparent reason . the trainer suspects something afoot  but he  s bumped off by the more conventional method of a bullet . this is after he comes to bill powell for help .  br    br   myrna loy was a more steadying influence on bill powell than jean arthur was . arthur plays it as more of a dizzy dame than loy did . but it works here and she and powell have good chemistry .  br    br   the ever dependable james gleason is the police inspector in the sam levene  nat pendleton role . all they needed here was asta and possibly eric blore as powell  s butler was essaying that part .  br    br   if powell and arthur were signed at this studio we might have seen a whole slew of bradford films .  
the comic banter between william powell and jean arthur is the highlight of this murder mystery  which has one of the most bizarre and unlikely plots ever . powell is probably the most suave detective of the    s  and arthur has a unique voice which often sounds like a succession of tiny tinkly bells . they are extremely fun to watch  so take the brashness of the plot with a grain of salt and just enjoy seeing it unfold . eric blore also has some comic turns as powell  s butler .  br    br   powell  s contract with mgm included a clause which allowed him to reject being loaned out to another studio  but he wanted to work again with arthur and he liked the script  so he eagerly accepted the assignment . they had worked together in two     paramount films  the canary murder case and the greene murder case  both in the philo vance series .  
i have just managed to get hold of the celestial region  dvd of the five venoms and what a super job they have made of it . a fantastic digitally remastered transfer and a must have for any kung fu fan .  br    br   the story is pretty straight forward  and has been mentioned already so i won  t go into it again . needless to say it  s the fight scenes that many buy the movie for  and they do not disappoint . only problem is they are a bit few and far between and seem over rehearsed . bruce lee could take these lot on and drink a cup of tea at the same time  all kicks and punches come with the all important  type writer  clicks and air  whooshes   which is a cool effect though quite amusing   br    br   i give this movie a b . good but not great . in a way i feel it could have been that bit better . golden swallow  by the same director a decade earlier  had as good a story and better action .  
the five deadly venoms is easily the most memorable k . f . flick from the shaw brothers  stable  exc . maybe master killer  . it has the artists who came to be known as simply  the venoms   some of the best fight choreography ever  and  surprisingly for a kung fu movie  a great plot  one of my all  time favorites     
five deadly venoms is not as bloody and violent as story of ricky or super ninjas  but it features some of the best hand  to  hand fight sequences in hong kong film history . director chang cheh creates what is considered by many to be his masterpiece . this movie launched the careers of the five men who play the venoms . meng lo plays yet another bad ass . he would go on to be in super ninjas . kuo chui who is philip kwok would go on to story of ricky and hard boiled . any chop socky fan can apperciate this . but i still think it ain  t as good as super ninjas  also made by chang cheh  . but all chop socky is good and this is one of the very best .  
i loved this film . i first saw it when i was    which was only four years ago  and i enjoyed it so much  i brought my own copy the next day . the comedy is well played by all involved . i always have to rewind and rewatch the scene where mr . tsanders explains why he found water at  ft in one area and    feet in another area . also look for jason robards father who plays mr . retch . talent ran in that family .  
i recall seeing this movie as a kid . i don  t recall where i saw it . i must have been around   years old . i thought the movie was incredible and wished to see it again . it came on the kung fu channel once  but i missed it . i was really bummed . it is the best special  effects kung fu movie that i  ve seen to date  i highly recommend it  and now that i  ve discovered where to get it  i can enjoy it once more and for years to come . i also have to check out this return of the venom movie of which some have spoken so highly .  
after reading tons of good reviews about this movie i decided to take it for a spin  i bought it on dvd  hence the  spin  pun . . . i  m a dork  . the beginning was everything i hoped for  a perfect set  up  along with some quotes that i  ve heard on various wu  tang albums  to what should have been a good movie . but the plot i heard was so great  was so predictable . every time i saw a character  except for the lizard  i guessed which venom he was . plus  the only cool character gets killed off in the middle of the movie . ok  so the plot wasn  t very good but at least there was some good kung  fu right  wrong . the fights were very short and few and far between . granted the different styles were all pretty cool but i wish the fights were longer . i kept hoping to see the lizard run and do some crazy ish on the walls but it never happened . i was hoping to see the centipede do some tight speedy ish but it never happened . i was hoping to see the scorpion in the movie for more than  total minutes but it never happened . in short  not much happens . the fighting is all pretty routine . don  t be fooled just becuase this movie has a plot  it does not mean it  s a good one .  
when i was very young  on a local tv station  they would show kung fu movies of all kinds on saturdays . i saw lots of kung fu movies on weekends . i remember lots of them . i saw great flicks like crippled masters  blind fist of bruce  kung fu zombie  shaolin drunken monk  rage of the master  tattoe dragon  and . . . five deadly venoms . i remember the day clearly . me and my dad had just gotten lunch at burger king . we were racing home to see what movie it would be this saturday . we ran in the house and jumped onto the couch  turned on the set and flicked it onto   . the usual intro of many kung fu movie clips in the background with the words kung fu saturday over it . then under that was the title of the film . it said five deadly venoms . then the movie began . i bit into my burger amused with the pre  credit sequence . i loved this movie the minute it came on . my favorite character was the toad venom . the plot was hard to follow at that age but that wasn  t what lured me . . . it was the fighting . the fights were so . . . amazing . i moaned every time a commercial came on and soon the  hours of the best movie i have ever seen ended .  
this movie is really good . the plot  which works like puzzle forces viewer to think and guess  what will happen next . such a trick brings a lot of surprises and makes a viewer really looking forward to solution of a riddle . fighting scenes are very good . there  s a lot of different combat styles  although one of styles was a bit unreal for me  but it  s only my opinion  to watch and it  s fascinating show . the only thing which may be irritating is actors look . a bit too effeminate  at least for me  . hong kong was always good at kung  fu movies especially in the    s and    s  so  five venoms   or other its versions  is great choice .  
i saw this kung fu movie when i was a kid  and i thought it was so cool  now i am   years old  and my friend has it on dvd     br    br   we got a case of brew  and watched this classic  it lost none of it  s original kung fu coolness  if you are a fan of kung fu  karate movies  this is a must see . . . the dvd is available . i believe this movie is also called  pick your poison  .  br    br   watch it soon   
i really like this movie . i can watch it on a regular basis and not tire of it . i suppose that is one of my criteria for a great movie .  br    br   the story is very interesting . it introduces us to  characters each has a unique kung fu style that is very secret and very deadly . each of these characters are trained by the same master but their identities are kept secret from each other . the dying master sends the  th venom  his last student  to attempt to make right the wrongs that he suspects some of his students have committed .  br    br   how will the last pupil find the other venoms  how will he know which of them is bad  the way these questions are answered is part of what makes this movie great .  br    br   we also get to see the venoms fight each other in every combination . it is fun to see how their styles match up against each other .  br    br   if you want to see if you like kung fu movies  this is a good movie to start with . it doesn  t get any better than this .  
if you love kung  fu films and you haven  t seen this movie  you are cheating yourself . this movie is one of the only kung  fu cheapies that could be recommended for fans of all types of film . normally  it takes a die  hard fan of the genre to see anything in these films  but this one has it all  the story is well told  and complete . the fight scenes are great  and tend to end before you  re completely bored with them  unlike crouching tiger  . throw in a little mystery and torture and you  ve got yourself one heck of a movie . see this one at all costs . heck  my wife even enjoyed it .  br    br   wu du it   br    br    out of    br    br    
this is one of my favourite kung  fu films and is regarded as one the most popular shaw brothers from the late    s . the plot is interesting and twisty  the characters are cool each with their own style  toad  snake  lizard etc . the action is limited in comparison with other chang cheh  venoms films but what is there is interesting with different kung  fu styles on display from the various characters . i recommend this film to those who think all shaw brothers especially chang cheh  s films are the same  most of his films usually focus on the   tigers and shaolin vs manchu conflicts . this film is breath of fresh air in comparison .  
a dying kung fu master sends out his last student in order to track down what happened to the previous five students who were members of the banned poison clan . he is to see if they are acting for good and if not he his to stop them the master also wants the student to find another member of the clan who ran off with the clans money which the master wants used for good . the earlier students were all taught in a different style snake  centipede  scorpion  lizard  toad  while the last student was taught a little in each style . all of the students end up in one town looking for the old man with all of the money  and soon everyone is battling to get the money .  br    br   classic martial arts film has title that even many non  fans know . i  ve spoken with a couple of casual fans and this seems to be the one film that sticks in their head . its a very good movie  though i  m not really sure why this film stays with people when for my money there are other films that are better from the shaw studio  one armed swordmen or the brave archer series for example  . this isn  t to sell the film short  its not  since the film is structured like a mystery  our hero has no clue who anyone is and the venoms themselves only know at best who two of the others is . we  re given the identity of four but we still have to work out who the fifth really is . the film is also odd in that for a martial arts film  other than a training sequence at the start and the killing of the old man and his family for the money  there is really no action for about   or   minutes . its a bold move to do it but it pays off since the plot and the performances hold your attention .  the film is also odd in that its the first martial arts film i think i  ve ever seen where there are no women . i don  t think one has a speaking role and i  m pretty sure that none appear in the background . its indicative of nothing  its just something that struck me .  this is a good solid little film that may not live up to the reputation it has in some circles  but is still a really good film to curl up with on your couch .  br    br   around  out of   .  
one of the more enjoyable aspects of asian cinema  or  indeed  most anything done outside these holier  than  thou united states  are the permutations that crop up . in post  world war two japanese manga  comics   for instance  are to be found a veritable endless variety of subjects  many of them handled in uniquely imaginative fashion . the same thing happens in genre film  making  as well though  again  i  m referring to movies made outside the u .  .  where we  re just too  sophisticated  in our close  mindedness to appreciate anything that isn  t about or by us  . would an american company  for instance  back not one but a series of movies featuring a masked professional wrestler  el santo  or a werewolf  paul naschy  or a real  life martial artist  bruce lee  . . .  as for television forget it . while i still love the kung fu series that starred the late david carradine  i  ve always felt that the americanized version of asian martial arts was  how to put it kindly  a bit lacking . to this very day  there hasn  t been a pay  per  view channel to feature asian martial artists playing asian martial artists in asia .  there are lots of soft  core porn masquerading as entertainment shows  but the so  called action channel  for instance  has yet to import or to produce a true martial arts teleseries .  before brother cadfile was investigating murders on the bbc  there was  of all things  at least one kung fu movie that featured a group of martial artists more or less involved in a murder mystery the  deadly venoms . in its own right as fascinating as any other genre  based whodunit  western  cop show  etc .   this martial arts masterpiece stands out as a truly superior piece of work . it  s now available from dragon dynasty and the print is beautiful and the dvd commentary by bey logan is exactly the kind of intelligent  thoughtful analysis these gems truly deserve . if you  re a martial arts movie fan  rejoice one of the greatest movie genres of all time  specifically  the martial arts movies of the     s and early     s  are getting a long  overdue second life  and greatly appreciated second look  on dvd .  
by the late forties the era of the screwball comedy was over  as films were moving in a different direction  comedically and otherwise . with television looming on the horizon  hollywood would soon be in for a very rough time . where  one wonders  would movies have gone had television not come along  or its arrival on the scene been delayed by five or ten years  mr . blandings builds his dream house offers one particular way comedy might have developed .  br    br   ad man jim blandings  along with his wife and two daughters  are living in a nice but way too cramped new york city apartment  as one day he gets the bright idea that it might be fun to realize his dream of building a house in the suburbs . so he buys some property in connecticut and has one built to his precise specifications . well  almost . had he known the trouble he was in for he might have changed his mind . then again he might not have . you decide . on this frail premise a wonderful film results  full of conflict between the middle class dream of owning one  s own home and the the oftentimes unpleasant reality of acquiring one . nothing comes easy in this life  as mr . blandings learns but one needn  t be miserable just because things don  t always go one  s way . there is  after all  the long run . but  blandings asks himself every few minutes  how long is long   br    br   this movie is a delight . it is not  i suppose  a masterpiece in the capra  mccarey tradition  but it is a worthy successor to their thirties pictures  and may well have been a harbinger of things to come had the arrival of television not changed the cultural landscape so radically . there is real warmth in the picture  and a good deal of  w . c .  fieldsian hard  edged reality obtruding periodically  but not so much as to leave a bad taste . the people in the film are all very smart and affluent  but decidedly of the professional upper middle not the idle rich upper class .  br    br   lead players cary grant and myrna loy plays mr . and mrs . blandings to perfection while melvyn douglas is fine as their pragmatic lawyer friend  who often has to bring up unpleasant topics  such as how the real world works . there is  too  a wonderful sense of what for want of a better term one might call the romance of suburbia  which was in its infancy in the immediate postwar years  as one sees the woods and streams that drew people to the country in the first place . these people are most definitely fish out of water in the then still largely rural connecticut . in a few short years things would change  as the mad rush to suburbia would be in full gear  destroying forever the pastoral innocence so many had yearned for in the small towns  which soon would be connected by highways  littered with bottles and cans  their effluvia rivaling anything one would encounter in the city .  
  in the world of old  school kung fu movies  where revenge pictures came a dime a dozen  it took a lot for a film to stand out   and even more to make it a fan favorite after all these years . what is arguably chang cheh  s finest movie continues to hold influence over the hong kong movie industry  from the themes of loyalty  brotherhood and revenge as explored by john woo  who got his start in the hk movie industry working for chang  during the heyday of heroic bloodshed during the late      s  to more modern movies like a man called hero  which sports a character in a costume inspired by this film . the influence has also carried into other areas as well  from music such as the wu  tang clan  tv commercials for sprite and video games such as  mortal kombat .  so what makes this movie so special  the plot   on the surface   is pretty simple . it deals with members of a rogue group known as the  poison clan  who are searching for a treasure hidden by their sifu . all of the members of the clan have extraordinary kung fu abilities  denoted by their animal styles  or  venoms   the lizard can climb walls  the scorpion has a deadly strike  etc .  . the twist is that since the clan always wears masks  not all of them known who the others are . thus a simple plot becomes almost a suspense thriller . we  re not talking the usual suspects here  but it  s far above many other kung fu movies of the time . supposedly  golden harvest was not too happy with chang  s script   like most of his movies  they felt it was too dark and violent   and they actually wanted him to add broad comic relief to it . thankfully  chang stuck to his guns and stayed with his original script  which has since has become revered as one of the best for the films of its time  if not ever  completing an almost perfect dramatic arc and providing the perfect backbone for the extraordinary action sequences .  br    br   but what really solidifies the movie are the venoms themselves . chang cheh hit upon a magical formula with the cast   not only did he gain talented martial artists  whose moves  competed without the aid of wires or other special effects  put most modern martial artists to shame  but great actors as well . the formula proved so popular that chang usually had one or more of the venoms in his later movies . getting back to matters at hand  in most old  school movies  the actors seem to playing out cardboard cutouts  but here the actors actually create characters . it seems that everyone has a favorite venom  mine is philip kwok   best known to many as mad dog from hard  boiled   as lizard  and it is this personal connection to the characters that the five deadly venoms generates which makes it a true classic of the genre . even if you  re normally not a fan of old  school movies  you need to check the five deadly venoms out  if for nothing else to see where modern movies got their inspiration from .   
there  s no romance or other side plot to this movie  it  s action and intrigue all the way  making it a real man  s kung  fu movie .  br    br   an aging master dispatches his last disciple yan tieh to stop his five former pupils who  s styles represents five venomous animals centipede  snake  scorpion  lizard and the toad . despite the word  venom  in the title  none of these pupil uses venoms to kill their opponents . yan tieh told by his teacher that he  s no match for the five former pupil  must find one he can form an alliance with to defeat the other four . how yan tieh and the others find each other is the intrigue to the story  with good kung  fu action spread out throughout the story .  br    br   recognized as a cult classic  this movie has already established itself in the annals of kung  fu action movies . it  s known well enough that other movies make reference to the five styles depicted in this story .  br    br   it  s no artistic masterpiece  with the usual bad dubbing  and corny acting  but the movie is one of the best of its kind  because its so focused on the all the ingredients of kung  fu action movie of its time  and gives an extra concentrated dose of them .  br    br   one movie you must watch if you are a kung  fu movie fan .  
of all the kung  fu films made through the    s and    s this is one that has developed a real cult following . with the exception of all the films bruce lee starred in this is a film that has stood the test of time and its due to the unique story . an aging kung  fu master tells his last pupil yang tieh  sheng chiang  about five pupils he has trained in the past . all five wore masks and nobody has seen the face of each other and they have all been trained differently . their specialty in kung  fu is the name they have adopted like lizard  snake  centipede  toad and scorpion . the master called them the poison clan and he does not know what has happened to them so he wants tieh to find them and help the ones that are doing good to stop the others that are evil . an old man who was once a member of the poison clan has a map to where he has hidden a lot of money and he seems to be a target . tieh does not know what they look like so he has to mingle in society and try and figure out who they are . tieh has discovered that the snake is hung wen tung  pai wei  and along with tang sen kue  feng lu  who is the centipede they kill a family to find the map . a map is found by a mystery man who turns out to be the scorpion but know one knows who he is . a local policeman named ho yung sin  philip kwok  investigates the murders along with his partner ma chow  chien sun  . sin has a friend called li ho  meng lo  who is the toad and they do know of each others identity . the snake bribes the local officials to pin the murders on li ho and while he is in prison he is tortured and killed . when sin finds out he teams up with tieh and together they go to combat tung and kue .  br    br   this film was directed by cheh chang and he was a very special director when it came to these films . chang was not your run of the mill kung  fu director and his films always had a special quality to them . while most martial arts films deal with revenge chang did not use that as a central theme . even though there is some revenge going on later in this story this film is more complex than that . five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks . then they are all in the same area and not knowing who the other is . very unique story makes this film different from all the others and most of changs stories were in a class all by themselves . i wouldn  t exactly put it in the same league as  enter the dragon  because bruce lee was a worldwide icon and the martial arts he exhibited were more authentic looking . this film still has some impossible feats like clinging to sides of walls and all the flipping through the air but this film isn  t necessarily about fight scenes . its more about the intrigue of the story and the characters that are involved . that alone makes this different from all the other kung  fu films . very well made with a unique story .  
be careful with this one . once you get yer mitts on it  it  ll change the way you look at kung  fu flicks . you will be yearning a plot from all of the kung  fu films now  you will be wanting character depth and development  you will be craving mystery and unpredictability  you will demand dynamic camera work and incredible backdrops . sadly  you won  t find all of these aspects together in one kung  fu movie  except for five deadly venoms   br    br   easily the best kung  fu movie of all  time  venoms blends a rich plot  full of twists and turns  with colourful  and developed  characters  along with some of the best camerawork to come out of the   s . the success of someone liking the film depends on the viewers ability to decipher which character is which  and who specializes in what venom . one is the centipede  two is the snake  three is the scorpion  four is the lizard  and five is the toad . each character has different traits  characteristics  strengths  and weaknesses . therein lies the hook  we learn along with the student character  finding out who these different men turn out to be . we are in his shoes  so to speak   and we have to pick who we trust  and who we don  t  just like he does . we learn along with him .  br    br   not only is the plot  the characters  and the camerawork great  it  s also fun to watch  which in my book makes it more valuable than almost any other movie of it  s kind . it  s worth quite a few watches to pick up on everything that  s going on . venoms is a lesson on what kung  fu can really do . . . just don  t expect many other kung  fu films to live up to it  s gauntlet .  
after reviewing this intense martial arts movie for the first time in nearly   years  i must say it did not lose any of its mysticism  nor any of its eye  popping martial arts action as i had remembered from my youth . the story of a dying martial arts instructor sending his  unfinished  pupil out to find the  past members of his poison clan  so they do not seek out a fortune which the master  s friend keeps hidden . afraid that his last pupil did not have enough training  he instructs him to befriend one of the five  venoms  so as to defeat the other four .  br    br   i can  t say enough about the choreography or the camera work . a fine film in its own right and quite possible one of the best martial arts movies ever made . a classic    
well  i must say that this was one hell of a fun movie . despite the fact that the dubbing was pretty cheesy  and there were some odd moments where the film seemed to turn dark blue for no apparent reason  i was not disappointed . the story was actually pretty interesting the last member of the poison clan must track down the other five members and discover who among them is using their skills for evil  and who is using them for good . the catch being that during training  all of the clan were masked  and all have since returned to society in disguise and changed their names .  br    br   the fights are a joy to watch  as each member of the poison clan has a different fighting style toad  my favorite   snake  scorpion  lizard  and centipede . the fight scenes have the actors jumping all over the place  and thankfully the camera stays planted and uses a wide enough shot so you can clearly see all of the action .  br    br   the one drawback to the movie is that the story tends to drag a bit in the first half up until the first fight sequence . but stick with it  and you won  t be disappointed   
most   s  and   s  kong kong martial arts films barely function as movies usually there are a few well  planned fight sequences  but the plot is scraped pretty thin to fill in the gaps between those nodes   like porno films  really .  br    br   but this one does several things well . most overtly  there is the direction and choreography  which confines each combatant to a  style    it  s really based on chinese circus acrobatics and comedic theater  but the effect works .  br    br   second  there is the language of the camera  which uses some impressive techniques  even by today  s measure   changing projection speeds from real time time to slow motion  and from unfiltered to filtered views to depict story direction toward the past or toward the future .  br    br   least overt  but most powerful and unexpected  is the construction . the winner of this contest is determined by who  unfolds  the story . the master  the writer  sets up a game where the lead character doesn  t know who he  s seeking  which is the same situation we viewers find ourselves in . one by one  he figures out who is who  at the same rate we find out who is who . it all follows a tragedy  noir arc . the ending tends toward irony  a la  the sting  . much more clever stuff than what we usually get out of this genre .  br    br   the  five venoms  idea is the template for tarantino  s  deadly viper assassins  from the  kill bill  volumes .  
for all the hoopla  respect and recognition this film gets from kung fu historians  it still lacks glaringly in a couple critical areas action and fight scenes . but i must say that the plot is probably the best and most original i  ve ever seen in a martial arts film . five deadly venoms without a doubt is a must see  not only that  a movie you can watch again and again but i also must say that after watching it you feel it could have been even better . it somehow leaves you wanting something  you want more . the producer chang cheh sets up the storyline beautifully for a potential masterpeice but doesn  t follow through with giving us more of the action we want . the fighting styles in the movie really captures the viewer  centipede  snake  scorpion  lizard  toad  and they are shown  but battles are noticeably short . the toad and snake styles are particularly intriguing and should have been showcased much  much more  in fact the toad is killed off by the middle of the movie . interestingly enough with this movie  the absence of constant action or fighting leads to development of a great plot  this is one of the few kung fu films where you are really interested in the storyline and care about the outcome . this movie has a dark and vicious tone to it and you are drawn into the vibe . sinister weapons and torture tactics are used throughout the movie and adds to the movies feel . to start off the movie and to introduce the poison clan producer chang cheh takes us to a grimy dungeon . the ending fight scenes are certainly good but seem muffled and somehow you expected more . still though this movie is one of shaw brothers best and is quite enjoyable . my overall impression of the movie would conclude with this the styles the fighters used are merely shown to us and not showcased in detail  sad thing is  the director had the goods for something extraordinary right at his fingertips and didn  t expand on it . i am left wondering what could have been with this movie  still one of the best though .  out of   on the scale .  
seldom do i ever encounter a film so completely fulfilling that i must speak about it immediately . this movie is definitely some of the finest entertainment available and it is highly authentic . i happened to see the dubbed version but i  m on my way right now to grab the dvd remaster with original chinese dialogue . still  the dubbing didn  t get in the way and sometimes provided some seriously funny humour  poison clan rocks the world      br    br   the story  telling stays true to chinese methods of intrigue  suspense  and inter  personal relationships . you can expect twists and turns as the identities of the  venoms are revealed and an expert pace .  br    br   the martial arts fight choreography is in a class of its own and must be seen to be believed . it  s like watching real animals fight each other  but construed from their own arcane martial arts forms . such level of skill amongst the cast is unsurpassed in modern day cinema .  br    br   the combination provides for a serious dose of old chinese culture and i recommend it solely on the basis of the film  s genuine intent to tell a martial arts story and the mastery of its execution . . . . of course  if you just want to see people pummel each other  along with crude forms of ancient chinese torture  be my guest   
the five deadly venoms is a great kung  fu action movie wrapped in a whodunnit mystery . there are all the usual telltale signs of a kung  fu flick great choreography  awful dubbing  different  styles  of fighting  and a wide range of greatly exaggerated  often cheesey human emotions . however the plot certainly is better than average . it  s interesting and holds your attention throughout the non  fight scenes . occasionally it  s even able to fire up the audience  such as when x character receives horrible injustice .  br    br   another thing i love about the five deadly venoms is the beautiful simplicity of the movie  s morals and themes . just about everyone gets what  s coming to them . the cowardly  greedy  and corrupt lose out . the bad guys  consumed by selfish greed are ultimately destroyed by their own treachery and backstabbing . the good guys use teamwork  planning  and integrity to overcome the odds and come out on top .  br    br   poison clan rocks   
i always enjoy this movie when it shows up on tv .  br    br   the one scene that always stands out  for me that is  is the one with the myrna loy and the painters foreman  where she gives him very explicit instructions on the colours and as soon as she goes away he turns the his guys and says  did you get that  that  s yellow  blue  green and white   
this is definitely one of the best kung fu movies ever  and may be one of the best movies ever . . . it  s got a great plot that functions like a puzzle  with lots of intrigue and suspense . this film is full of cat and mouse games and deceptions  with people hiding their identities and their natures . the characters in this film live and breath much more than your average kung fu movie characters . they are all interesting and compelling and the movie does a good job at giving them scenes to show their personality  s and desires .  br    br   the fight scenes play out like little stories and many of them are very original and exciting . it has cool training sequences and martial arts skills that are so awesome they enter the realm of fantasy . there are  members of the poison clan each one with his own style that mimics the special skill of a venomous animal . the styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in training applied during the film . . . when this happens  the director uses quick cutting back to the training scene to draw a parallel . these cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects and the whole thing really works nicely .  br    br   one thing about this movie that is very original is the way it treats death . the director chang cheh was obviously very concerned that the film not trivialize death . this makes some of the scenes in the movie much more effective . we actually care when people are killed in this film . this is because the camera lingers on the horror of death even when the bad guys are killed . some of the sequences in this movie are truly gut wrenching . when characters go in search of vengeance you really feel their anger and pain .  br    br   at the same time  this is also a fun movie . it has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu film . there is bad dubbing  the characters are willing to fight at the drop of a hat . some of the sound effects are hilarious and at times the behavior of the characters is incredibly unrealistic . . . all this just adds to the greatness of the film .  br    br   and lets not forget that this director was a visual stylist much more gifted than most of his contemporaries . if you watch this movie closely you will notice that the technical prowess on display is virtuostic . everything goes by so fast  because of the quick cutting style and the rapid camera movements of the genre  that it is easy to overlook how beautiful the movie really is . the lighting and composition are spectacular at times . the camera work and movement is extremely sophisticated along with very interesting fast paced editing . . . in the scenes that portray suspense and intrigue for example  imagine hitchcock moving at about twice the speed . chang cheh was truly a master craftsman and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working within it  s confines . he doesn  t rattle the boat of the kung fu genre film  but in a subtle way his skills permeate every scene and every shot and they add greatly to the quality of the work . he is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people .  br    br   this is the real package a kung fu movie that delivers on every level . it  s art  it  s trash  it  s emotionally moving  and it  s fun  it has a true sense of morality  but doesn  t allow that morality to get in the way of delivering good action . i recommend it to everybody whether you are a fan of this genre or not .  
the thought of sarah silverman having her own show worried me at first . the films she has appeared in were not very funny and her humor is a bit off . however  i was very surprised to see her true colors shine in this comedy central gem . i could possibly put her on par with the likes of amy sedaris in strangers with candy   sarah  s character is a true sociopath  very comparable to sedaris  jerri blank .  br    br   the one downfall of this show is its supporting cast . her sister  s character is good funny at times  but ultimately meant not to steal sarah  s show . however  the rest of the cast is extremely sub  par in comparison .  br    br   i  m glad  though  that comedy central has given sarah a chance to show her unique and crazy sense of self and humor .  
i would give this show a ten out of ten if it was not for the fart jokes . you people are so damn sensitive it is inane  so quick to point out the  racism  of the show and the jokes  yet are also so quick to say ridiculously sexist  pig  headed crap like  well  duh  some of these other shows do these jokes so much better because at least they have hot women .  so disgusting . abortion jokes are great because  really  who takes abortion seriously anyways  at least i  m not aboreson . i hear that reba mcentire and sarah silverman are teaming up to do a movie about sisters taking a road trip together . talk about a movie of the year   
i have to vote this   out of   in the rare chance that she happens to see this review  takes pity on me  whisks me to hollywood and involves me in her freaky  funny world . but in all seriousness  it was good . first episode is obviously finding it  s feet  but it  s got that silverman weirdness running all the way through it . it  s not a laugh out loud sort of comedy  but that  s good thing  too much has a laughter  track to it  and this wouldn  t be right with cues when to laugh  it  s to the audience to hear their inner jester laughing at the absurdness of it all . i can easily see this as being the bizarro drew carey show with it  s weird characters and incredibly strong central character . well worth a watch  look forward to the following episodes . a very good chance from the usual comedy out there .  br    br   ps  sarah  call me . . . .  
the sarah silverman program is . . . better than those other shows . no laugh tracks  no painful jokes  just a program . the sarah silverman program . if you  re like me  and you love comedy  this is probably a show for you .  br    br   sarah silverman brings out  there  funny  and right  here  funny to the table with ease . a mix of different styles  which makes for its own .  br    br   this program isn  t something you want to start a compare war with  seeing as how it has absolutely nothing to do with them  other shows  . this show is its own entity  and i think most comedy heads will like it just fine .  br    br   go watch and see .  
best show since seinfeld . she  s really really funny . her total self centeredness  the hulking gay stoner neighbors  the departures into song or cartoons  make this the freshest show on tv . one of the few shows i make point of watching . the scene with the wise old black lady in the drugstore   oh wait now that you  re close you do look old  turns face with finger and walks away lol   the cough syrup overdose  sleeping with god  it  s all so funny or so stupid it  s just a lot of fun . the shows weak points are her sister and the cop  only because they  re too darn normal   i really can  t wait until the next show  something i haven  t felt for any show in a long time .  
don  t listen to the prissy critics who are probably bitter gamers still sore from the roasting silverman infamously gave them at spike tv video game awards a couple of months ago   the sarah silverman  is wonderfully bizarre  surreal  immature  ridiculous and would fit rather nicely in a adult swim line  up . if silverman tones down the juvenile  doody  jokes and emphasizes the darker  meaner undercurrent the show is so far just hinting at  we could have one of the greatest cult comedies since the cancelled  strangers with candy  . but just from watching the pilot  its just solid  not outstanding  offbeat dark comedy  musical but with huge potential .  br    br   silverman has created a hilarious child  woman of a character  a prettier  younger  jewish american princess version of the late great jerri blank and the show features one of the most unconventional  non  stereotypical portrayals of a gay couple i have ever seen on television . early reviews are suggesting the next couple of episodes surpass the pilot so i can  t wait to see how this show unfolds .  
the sarah silverman program is very similar to sarah  s own stand up it  s so over the top with prejudice that you can  t possibly take it to heart . the fact is  though  that while most all people will  get it   it doesn  t mean they will all appreciate it . it  s a very polarizing and one dimensional show  so if you don  t like it after   minutes  you may as well give up there . if you do like it after   minutes  stay tuned  because every episode thus far has been as good as the last .  br    br   like all shows  though  it is not perfect . personally i love the program  but there are some huge faults with it . racist songs are funny  but get older a lot faster than silverman seems to realize   a problem that i had with  jesus is magic  as well . it seems as if silverman gave herself a quota for songs per episode that doesn  t need to exist . not to mention that while the lyrics to the songs she writes are good  the music  well  isn  t .  br    br   another thing to keep in mind is that while this show will for some reason appeal to fans of monty python  upright citizens brigade  etc .  it is nothing like those shows . i can watch monty python all day  but  as much as i like this show  i can  t watch more than the half hour limit at a time . it gets flat very fast . the repeat value for this show is low too   the second time around an episode is fairly funny  and by the third time  in my opinion  it  s boring .  br    br   still  that first time around is very  very funny . give it a shot .  
following a sitcom plot is so mindlessly easy that having her character simultaneously operate both within and without the context the rest of the cast inhabit is the kind of experimentalism that sitcoms could really use . the supporting characters ground the show in a sitcom reality which provides a contextual counterpoint to sarah  s erratic persona which  beyond general insensitivity  has no specific recurring traits for behavioural expectations to be based on  making her less a character than a canvas to be repainted in every episode if not scene . sarah  s ability to see everything from an outside perspective enables her to parody aspects of social behaviour that are subtle enough to usually go unnoticed . every time she speaks it  s like a self  contained  second skit . she overemotes a lot  demonstrating the countless things a smile or change in vocal pitch can signify  but never sticks with one idea long enough for you to get comfortable and form expectations that will be satisfied . this may be the most creative  original and experimental tv program ever .  
first and foremost i would like to say that i  m a huge sarah silverman fan  and having other people say that and then rag on the pilot is beyond me . everything in the pilot was in typical sarah silverman form  maybe not directly funny  but the situation and the delivery are what counts .  br    br   if you liked jesus is magic then i don  t see how you wouldn  t like this . it has that same flow and that same rhythm . true it  s only for the true fans  but if you are you  ll be pleased .  br    br   again only for the true fans  there  s no way around that . if you  re not used to her style then you wouldn  t get why this is funny . however  it is  and i hope you think so too .  
this is one of the few comedies i can watch again and again and still laugh out loud . in other places  i have read complaints about racism and sexism from sanctimonious  politically correct prigs . there is neither here  unless you define sexism as a woman as housewife and racism as a family employing a colored maid .  br    br   the lines are hilarious  and all the leads have never been better . melvin douglas is especially brilliant .  br    br   if you  ve ever thought of or tried to build a new house  you will be relieved to know that no matter how infuriating the process  no matter how much a lamb among wolves you may feel  you are not alone   
when i first saw this show  i thought it looked interesting . i watched it  saw how it revolved around sarah  like the character sees the world . . . revolving around her . i got it  but wasn  t laughing very much .  br    br   onstage and in her show  she  s racist  crude  insensitive and hugely self  centered . i didn  t get her at first  and took it all at face value . then i got to see her movie  jesus is magic . i think that served as a sarah silverman primer for me  explaining to me just what  language  she  s speaking . she  s like marilyn manson  working so hard to give us a faceful of horrible ideas and images  but you eventually realise it isn  t an assault  it  s a statement . and once you understand that  you find you  re glad someone  s finally giving it to you straight .  br    br   i don  t mean to suggest only smart people will understand  or that to hate this show is to prove your idiocy . while i like a lot of  smart  shows  i still to this day do not see the humor of curb your enthusiasm . i get the impression that it  s good  but i just don  t get it . many people will never get the sarah silverman program  but i  m glad i eventually came around .  br    br   the creators of this show do work hard  every episode is loaded not just with dialogue and plot  but with songs  or dream sequences  production numbers . these people aren  t putting together something to fill a time slot and please advertisers  they appear to be on a mission to make the best show they can put together . if i was to predict the future of this show  i  d say it will go the way of arrested development and freaks  geeks . it will get canceled before it  s time and live on in fans  hearts and on dvd . but take heart  ssp creators  your audience is out there  and we  ll be watching for as long as they let you make the show .  
big s isn  t playing with taboos or forcing an agenda like  say mencia or chapelle  though i like them both  . she states the obvious in subtle  near subliminal remarks . her show won  t change the world  nor is it meant to . but  along with the hilarious brian posehn and paget brewster  s ex  boyfriend jay johnston of  mr . show  fame  this is one mean show with an appetite for destruction  my side  s were thoroughly wrecked by the first episode . look  i love this woman and like her famed boyfriend  jimmy kimmel  she just delivers the lines and lets the viewer run  with  it . the best kind of comedy around . spoofing anything and anyone  like  mary poppins  in the second episode when she sings to the fake birds on to quick hitting commentary on society and college aged existential nonsense . this one is highly recommended  but only for those who still have a funny bone  and didn  t lose it in their most recent lippo  suction treatment or boob job  .  
sarah silverman is a dangerous bitch  she  s beautiful  sexy  funny and talent  dark and demonic . i read the other  comment  on this show as well as the message board stuff and people just don  t get it . nothing that appears on t . v . is an accident . too much money  time and work is put into the production of a t . v . show for there to be mistakes . this show is stupid because sarah wanted it to be stupid . this show is juvenile because sarah wanted it to be juvenile . i thought the jokes were great and the theme show as well as the other musical numbers are wonderfully bizarre . it  s a lot like pee  wee  s playhouse for maladjusted  slacker twenty  something glue sniffing  future pornstars of america from the valley . the cast is awesome . the scenarios and action is well  paced . i hope this show succeeds since comedy central didn  t let david spade keep his show . who plays sarah  s sister  she not in the cast listing on the show  s home page . i would love to see her stand  up . does anyone know about her up  coming show dates or dvds that may be floating around out there   
i think this show is screamingly funny  it  s not for every taste  and i  m not going to elevate or denigrate the folks that don  t get it . i  m sure they  re wonderful bright people that operate at a different wavelength . but if you like it  you really like it . sarah plays a self  infatuated loser named  sarah silverman  who often finds her self in homerian predicaments  that  s  homerian  as in  homerian simpsonian   .  br    br   i remember sarah silverman from her brief gig on saturday night live in the early    s . i liked her immediately then and i go out of my way to check out anything she  s done .  br    br   this show is choke  on  your  food  and  wet  your  pants funny . therefore i always fast before watching it and wear adult diapers . check it out   
sarah silverman is like a totally manic zooey deschanel and i think i  m in love already . yeah  if you loved jesus is magic  you  ll love this . if you didn  t  what the heck is wrong with you  kudos to the comedy channel for shoving this in my face . my life finally has meaning  and  your car smells like farts  is my kind of humor . i  m a happy guy . the first episode had me laughing hysterically and i  m hungrily looking forward to next week . this is like grease meets south park . completely outrageous . sarah silverman is someone i could watch reading the phone book . her delivery is precise and oh so funny . she never skips a beat . come to think of it  it  s not so much her choice of material . which is some really good stuff by the way  as it is the way she chooses to deliver it . thank you  sarah silverman  thank you  comedy channel   
i originally scored sarah  s show with a nice fat   but i  ve struggled a bit with her humor of late and a thin  is what  s settled in . i shall explain .  br    br   you will either like sarah  s humor  or you won  t . if you don  t  i doubt anyone could persuade you . you folks know who you are and it  s perfectly fine  but then you know that too . moving on  the first season gave us fantastic bits about sarah  her friends and family  and her pursuits in life . in one memorable episode  she is  pulled over  by officer jay whom she meets for the first time .   do you know why i am standing here   he asks .  because you got all c  s in high school   she quizzically replies . it seemed to be a genuine question .  that is funny stuff in my book . sarah can come at you from odd angles . in another episode  her affair with god was notably funny . god being petty and jealous added wonderfully to the joke . it is clever  it is a twisted view  but she would show us the truth in the humor and we laughed .  br    br   then  came the second season . while still not without some new and inventive comedy  we seem to have slipped somewhat into banal poop and fart jokes  quite simply . i get some good laughs here and there  but much of it seems like filler while she  and the writers  struggle to foment some original material . sophomoric and tiresome are the feelings i have for the episodes lately  but i have been gutting it out for the gems i do find  the turtle  and waiting for her to turn it around . i was a fan of her  jesus is magic  routine and would like to think that i understand what she is capable of . let  s get back to that .  
for those who think it is strictly potty humor and immaturity  you are in fact the mindless one . while the show does contain its share of potty jokes it also contains a lot of satirical material and pokes fun at social problems  racial barriers  clich  s  stereotypes etc . you just need to read into some of her material a bit more to get it .  br    br   what i also love is that not everything is a punchline . for those expecting a formulated joke like friends  i love friends fyi   you won  t find it here . instead sarah uses situations and other ways to achieve her humour which is more realistic . we don  t walk around in this world and have witty punchlines for everything said  which is in most comedies . instead the sarah silverman program makes it more realistic in this sense .  br    br   so don  t take it as mindless humor because it is so much more than that .  
this show probably won  t appeal to everyone . sarah does what she wants she doesn  t ask for permission and she doesn  t apologize . this is a sitcom with zombies  robot dinosaurs  flying cars  and a team of wallet  stealing male cheerleaders . the star of the show is not a hero  she is a spoiled  bigoted pervert . if you can  t appreciate the offbeat humor it offers  the show probably isn  t for you . everyone should at least give this show a chance . it brings together the comedic styling of sarah silverman  brian posehn  the comedians of comedy   jay johnston  mr . show   steve agee  bobcat goldthwait  s  stay   and the creative energies of rob schrab and dan harmon  heat vision  jack  monster house  . it also showcases the best talents of the burgeoning online community  channel    . com .  if you  re into this show  keep an eye out for  the department of acceptable media  on vh  this march  it  ll be drawing from the same talent pool .   br    br   watch sarah silverman  s show . this kind of stuff is the future of entertainment .  
this show is so incredibly hilarious that i couldn  t stop watching the marathon on comedy central tonight  despite the fact that i  ve seen all the episodes previously  . i  ve always regarded silverman as a huge talent and this is finally a vehicle for that talent to be enjoyed by a wide audience . i watch this show and i laugh a very large percentage of the time . . . i can  t say that about many tv shows . . . can you  this show is finally something new and interesting and  most importantly  funny  this is a show i will never miss and it is one i will buy on dvd as soon as it comes out . you owe it to yourself to watch this show . . . i predict a long run for this series . . . and just to be clear  the people who are offended by this show just don  t get it . . . perhaps they lack the intelligence to comprehend it . . . they should stop making fools of themselves by attacking something they don  t understand . anyone who uses the word  bigot  in reference to silverman  or who claims that she only aims to  shock  . . . is way off the mark . . . she  s exactly the opposite just google her and you  ll quickly see that she  s a huge proponent of civil rights  etc . if you don  t know that she  s ironically embracing all of these outrageous viewpoints  you don  t get it . and if you don  t get it  do the rest of us a favor and be quiet about it so we can all enjoy the hilarity . . .  
all i can say is  if you don  t fall in love with big and little edie after watching this movie  then you  re not human  even after watching it for the first time  i was hooked . it is a mesmerizing experience that is difficult to describe  as i  m sure other fans will attest to . after watching it  you will cry to think that these two wonderful ladies are no longer with us . at least we have grey gardens to remember them  i think we all long to possess the fierce independence these two ladies were graced with . although i have always admired jackie onassis kennedy  she does not stay in your heart the way big and little edie do . what a rare treat to have know such people i only wish i had   
great acting  great movie . if you are thinking of building see this movie first . the dollar amounts may have changed but everything else is the same . the humor is true to life and emotions are those that anyone who has built has felt .  
i really can  t remember who recommended this  but they said it was one of their favorite films . it is certainly a strange one  like rubbernecking at a highway accident .  br    br   someone said that truth is stranger than fiction  and the truth here is something to see . i really can  t understand how a fictionalized account of this documentary is to be released this year . how can you improve on this  the aunt and cousin of jackie kennedy remove themselves from new york society and hide in the hampton  s . in the process they become recluses and what is best described as  crazy cat ladies .  they would have stayed hidden had not the city move to condemn the property for the filth and the subsequent rescue by jackie . this film was done after that rescue . all during  you couldn  t help but think   how bad was it before   it  s a look at high society from the darker side  and it is utterly fascinating .  
one of the best love stories i have ever seen . it is a bit like watching a train wreck in slow motion  but lovely nonetheless . . . big edie and little edie seem a bit like family members after watching this movie repeatedly  and are infinitely quotable  it  s a goddamned beautiful day  now will you just shut up   the opening explanation of little edie  s costume only promises that the movie will live on forever  and so will big edie  the world famous singer  and little edie  the world famous dancer .   
it  s interesting how the train of research can flow . i started out looking at an article about cristo  s  the gates  in central park . the article stated that the maysles had been cristo  s filmographers for years . hmmm . . . then i got to looking at their body of work . i believe one of them has passed on but the other is still filming cristo and jean claude in their stages of creation . grey gardens sounded very interesting . video station  in boulder co  is the place to look for the obscure or offbeat and of course they had it in stock . dvd and vhs . edith and edie are women living in the past  and oh what a glorious past it was . edith had been well off  born a bouvier  married well  had several wonderful relationships and became a singer when she was in her forties . her daughter edie had been a dbutante  a fashion model and had many beaus . she never married and at some point in her thirties had come home to recuperate . she seems to have a nervous disorder of some kind . worrying too much about things . it is only a shadow of the world they live in though  because jackie o . came and spruced up the place so her aunt and cousin would not be evicted . it is a   room mansion that is worn down and worn out . but  in the film you will notice fresh paint on the walls . if you look carefully at the newspaper clippings you see it was very much a dirty mess . the outfits edie comes up with a very clever and creative . the viewer gets the impression that edith likes to go nude  but she doesn  t in the movie . edith was really quite beautiful and you can see the shadow of her beauty still as she sings  tea for two  . edie too was a beauty in her day and quite attractive at   . it was a good movie  though not for everyone . when the cat is urinating behind edith  s portait she states   at least someone is doing what they want    
i find it very intriguing that lee radziwill  jackie kennedy  s sister and the cousin of these women  would encourage the maysles  to make  big edie  and  little edie  the subject of a film . they certainly could be considered the  skeletons  in the family closet . the extra features on the dvd include several contemporary fashion designers crediting some of their ideas to these oddball women . i  d say that anyone interested in fashion would find the discussion by these designers fascinating .  i . e .  are they nuts  or am i missing something    . this movie is hard to come by . netflix does not have it . facets does  though .  
when it first came out  this work by the meysels brothers was much criticized and even judged to be exploitation . luckily  it is now hailed as a masterpiece of documentary cinema  especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation in what is reality television  and the bad evolution of most direct cinema .  br    br   really  at first  we must say that this isn  t really direct cinema  it is more cinema verit . the difference between the two is very slight  but it mainly is the fact that in this documentary  we are made to feel the presence of the meysels brothers  and they do interact with the characters filmed . this as well makes it clear that it is not exploitation . the meysels have been allowed in the house  and they are included in what is a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric household . and both edith and edie just love the idea of being filmed .  br    br   it would have been very disappointing had very been shown only a voice of god narration and shallow interviews . here  we are given a full portrait of the madness of the house  a madness that does seem to go down well with both edie and her mother edith . their house is a mess  litter and animals everywhere  faded colors and furniture all over the house  and the constant fights that are constant interactions of reality . these two people have lived with each other their whole life  and are not fighting in front of the camera because they want the attention  but rather because they can  t help talking to each other this way . they know each other too well to hide their inner feelings  there is no need . in the end  though  even as they blame each other for their lives  they really love each other deeply . edie says she doesn  t want her mother to die  because she loves her very much  and edith says that she doesn  t want edie to leave her because she doesn  t want to be alone .  br    br   but the most interesting aspect of the film is that regardless of their old age  the two women can  t help be girls . they cannot help being one the singer  the other the dancer . exhibit all their artistic skills in front of their camera . when edie asks david meysels rhetorically  where have you been all my life   she is really very happy that she finally gets to show the whole world herself and her wonderful showgirls skills . a beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a charm that is highly unlikely to be ever seen again  the way only the meysels and few others could do .  
little edie and big edie are characters that anyone can feel compassion for . even though their house was filthy  this is somehow understandable considering their mental illness . on the message board a poster wrote that  little edie has the coping skills of an eight year old .  this reminded me of when in the dramatized     version  big edie says to little edie   if you  re stuck  it  s only with yourself   these women had everything beauty  talent  intelligence  firm belief in their opinions and actions . perhaps if little edie wasn  t so hard on herself the first time things didn  t work out  losing her hair  her job  and the love of her life  she would have made it . this somehow ties into what i believe is her mental illness her inability to pick herself up when times are hard and see that good times lie ahead . the world will never know what have happened if she didn  t listen to her mom  s plea   come home  edie  let me take care of you    br    br   yet these understandably insecure women somehow manage to be brilliant  heartbreaking  and lovable  even in their extremely filthy home . these women were extraordinary  and their interaction with each other bring humor and sadness . when edie had one of her emotional breakdowns  dwelling about what could have been  or about how she wants to get out of her home because she feels like a little girl  one gets the intense urge to hug her and tell her that  everything will be okay    br    br   great documentary    br    br        
grey gardens is a world unto itself . edith and little edie live in near total isolation  eating ice cream and liver pate in a makeshift kitchen in their  apparently  shared bedroom . cats loll about while mother edith insults her daughter  s elocution . this is a tennessee williams play come to life and should inspire screenwriters and playwrights  as the bizarre and overlapping dialogue is     real .  br    br   the situation in the house reminds me exactly of how my grandmother and her    ish daughter lived for a decade  other than that they were poor and clean  . they would bicker all day  grandmother talking about her gloriously perfect past while her daughter continually blamed her for missed opportunities with men  work  and self  expression .  br    br   this film is a must  see for anyone writing a mother  daughter relationship of this kind . it is sad and voyeuristic  but the filmmakers did an amazing job getting the edies comfortable enough to expose themselves so recklessly . it is rare to see true life this way and all the more special considering the context   remnants of a powerful family fading into nothingness in the skeleton of their own mansion .  
i first saw this movie in my plays  playwrights course at tulane . i was awed at how beautiful and raw this documentary was . it is a sincere look into the unedited reality of a life of solitude . the family is fascinating and i thought it really showed little edie at her core . as a side note my professor even told me that throughout the filming  little edie became infatuated with one of the camera men .  the beauty  i find  comes from the naturalness of the family  s dysfunction . it is evident in the relationship between mother and daughter that neither could function in society alone and you begin to wish for little edie  s rehabilitation to society . in all  the film is gripping in its aesthetic quality and it  s portrayal of surprising beauty . two thumbs way up   
grey gardens was enthralling and crazy and you just couldn  t really look away . it was so strange  and funny and sad and sick and  . . really no words can describe . the move grey gardens is beyond bizarre . i found out about this film reading my uncle john  s great big bathroom reader  by the bathroom reader  s institute and it was well worth the rental and bump to the top of my movie watching queue . this movie is about the nuttiest most eccentric people that may have ever been filmed . one should watch it for their favorite edie outfits  which i am sure include curtains . when i get old i almost wish to be just like big edie  thumbing my nose at normalcy and society .  
i knew about but had never seen grey gardens  before i saw the broadway musical of the same name . friends cautioned me that if i had not seen the movie  the musical would not make sense . it did  but it also prompted me to rent the movie . at first  i thought it was a train wreck  full of strange  shrieking characters  and it was exceedingly hard to watch . but being able to stop it  digest it and go back to it made me realize why grey gardens is considered to be a memorable documentary .  br    br   both big edie and little edie are unforgettable and their utter lack of self  consciousness is worth witnessing . both of them remain beautiful despite their encroaching age . they have a relationship that will chill any woman  and undoubtedly some men  and make you re  examine your own dealings with your mother . in an era when reality television and cinema is commonplace  it  s fascinating to see the mayleses  work from three decades ago  and realize what an impact the film must have had .  br    br   i echo what other posters have said how were they allowed to slip into such squalor by their family  but beyond that  how could two people living in the     s be able to escape reality in such a complete fashion  or were they simply considered too crazy to be helped  i would highly recommend watching this with the commentary track  which gave me additional insight into the film .  
i first saw this film in     in the midday movie spot . after many subsequent viewings  and purchase of the video  it still makes me laugh out loud .  br    br   yes  it  s a relic of another age  a domestic comedy set in affluent middle class america  but well executed is well executed . but it  s also a document of its age  a celebration of post  war optimism  the baby boom and the nascent consumer age . this film is no  guilty  pleasure .  br    br   three wonderful sophisticated leads actors  urbane melvyn douglas bemused cary grant daffily determined myrna loy  complement each other and a memorable team of characters .  br    br   my favourite scenes   it means we gotta blast  and  miss stellwaggen  and  this little piggy  .  br    br   love it .  
fascinating yet unsettling look at edith bouvier beale  big edie  and her daughter  little edie  aunt and first cousin to the late jacquelyn kennedy onasis . they live in a rodent infested  rundown mansion which was considered a health hazard by the city . it becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric . little edie seems to be the most off as she acts with the mindset of a ten year old even though she is actually   . the content is pretty much made up of two things . the first are the conversations were little edie lambastes big edie for driving away all her potential suitors and ruining her aspiring career as writer  actress  and dancer . these discussions usually become very rhetorical  nonsensical  and often times amusing . the second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties . each of course thinks their singing is perfect and it  s only the other who sounds bad . in one amazing scene big edie actually physically attacks little edie with her cane just to get her to stop her warbling . very captivating yet one gets the feeling that their is some serious exploitation going on here and the subjects are just too far gone to know it . the filmmakers seem to treat this like a freak show at the circus  coming each day to record  and chuckle  at whatever bizarre behavior may come about . ultimately this is a sad picture as it shows how the world has simply past these two by . their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in . despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever . for without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness . most amazing line comes from big edie whose many cats relieve themselves throughout her bedroom . her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable .  
grey gardens is shocking  amusing  sad and mesmerizing . i watched in amazement as ediths jr . and sr . bickered and performed while reminiscing of their past . their existence in a dilapidated mansion   which they had not left for more than fifteen years  is both a comedy and a tragedy . this is a film you will not soon forget .  
i only saw this recently but had been aware of it for a number of years and have always been intrigued by its title . it now belongs to me as one of my very favourite films . it is hard to describe the incredible subject matter the maysles discovered but everything in it works wonderfully . it has so many memorable images and moments where you feel you are encroaching on a very private world . i fell in love with this film and with the characters in it . it is as though the filmmakers have cast a spell of the audience and drawn us into the strange world of the eccentric beales  a true aristocratic family . it has a tangible atmosphere and i found myself wishing i could be there away from it all  cooking my corn on the cob at my bedside table . it has an air of sadness that permeates throughout . a fall from greatness for this once esteemed family . the money had gone but their airs and graces remained  as well as their beauty . it drew me in from the first frame and long after the film finished i found myself wondering about their fate . wondering that if i took a walk along east hampton beach i might still hear old edie  s voice in the night and see the silhouette of little edie dancing in the window behind the thick hanging creeper . unforgettable .  
excellent film showing the pathetic lives of two nutty old ladies . they couldn  t live together  nor apart . babbling constantly  sometimes at the same time  they hashed and re  hashed the past going on and on about what coulda shoulda woulda . i found myself laughing at times  but mostly i was taken with how utterly sad and abandoned these two women were . see this one .  
why should you watch this  there are certainly no reasons why you shouldn  t watch it  superbly and amusingly directed by albert and david maysles  grey gardens was originally intended to be a film on the gentrification of east hampton  but it turned out to the brothers that it would be more interesting to produce a study on the eccentric life of the two edith bouvier beales  the aunt and cousin of jacqueline kennedy onassis . their life was certainly an amusing one  edith spent most of her day in bed singing operas  edie performing pirouettes and majorette dances with their many cats  one was named ted z . kennedy  the film is interesting because it is both funny and sad  edith died shortly after the film was released  in february      aged   after experiencing some of the fame that she and edie received after the film  she danced and sang in a nightclub edie beale jr was born in     and is still living in miami beach . this film is both engaging and spellbounding .  
the daughter  s words are poetry  i can  t go on another year . i got to get to a hotel room .   i lost my blue scarf in a sea of leaves .   the marble faun is moving in . . . he just gave us a washing machine . that  s the deal .   i  m pulverized by this latest thing .   . . raccoons and cats become a little bit boring for too long a time .   . . any little rat  s nest  mouse hole i  d like better .  and there is wisdom in the mother  s words  . . . yes the pleasure is all mine .   this little book will keep me straight  straight as a dye .   always one must do everything correctly .   where the hell did you come from    . . . bring me my little radio i  ve got to have some professional music .   i  m your mother . remember me   the mother  daughter relationship is drawn in this magnificent film . this is a mother  s day film .  
this is why i so love this website  i saw this film in the      s on british television . over the years it is one i have wished i knew more about as it has stayed with me as one of the single most extraordinary things i have ever seen in my life . with barely a few key words to remember it by  i traced the film here  and much information  including the fact it  s about to become an off  broadway musical   br    br   interestingly  unlike the previous comment maker  i do not remember finding this film sad  or exploitative . on the contrary  the extraordinary relationship between the mother and daughter stuck in the mind as a testimony of great strength  honour and dignity . ironic you may think  considering the squalor of their lives . maybe it  s because i live in britain  where fading grandeur has an established language in the lives of old money  where squalor is often tolerated as evidence of good breeding i saw it as a rare and unique portrayal of enormous spirit  deep and profound humour  whose utterly fragile and delicately balanced fabric gave it poise and respect . in a way i was sorry to see it being discussed as a  cult  . over the years  as it faded in my mind  it shone the brightest  above all others as a one off brilliant  outstanding televisual experience . it was such a deeply private expose  it seems odd to think of it becoming so public as to be a new york musical . but perhaps somewhere  the daughter will be amused by such an outcome . it is she who will have the last laugh maybe . .  they made a musical out of her before you jackie o    
i took this out arbitrarily from the library the other night  having no idea of the film  s cult  influence  or that it is currently being staged as a musical .    most of the comments here are on target  it  s moving  funny  sad  and yes  a tad exploitive despite the best intentions of the filmmakers . the expanded chriterion edition is a must for anyone who loved it when it came out .  br    br   i think you can also see in little edie the fall of a class that sort of disappeared  you can hear it in old films of jackie o too people just don  t talk like that anymore . i think as a documentary  it would have been interesting to get more information about how the home fell into disrepute  old edie at least still seems aware of what  s going on to a certain degree couldn  t she see the once spectacular home disintegrating   br    br   yet the film  s subject is the life the two women have constructed for themselves now  a real life tennesse williams one act . well worth your time .  
several years ago when i first watched  grey gardens  i remember laughing and finding it hilarious camp . years later i still laugh out loud when i watch it  but after many viewings i  ve come to see the beauty in the strange  twisted relationship between the inseparable  big  edith bouvier beale and her daughter  little  edith bouvier beale .  br    br   mother and daughter living together in their decaying   room east hampton mansion add a whole new meaning to the term  shabby chic  . with innumerable cats  raccoons and opossums as roommates this aunt and niece of jackie o . allowed filmmakers albert and david maysles into their mansion to film them living life day to day . the result is a hilarious  beautiful  sad and moving account of true love and anarchy rule .  br    br   the relationship between big and little edie is a testament to the unbreakable bonds of love . and their lives an example of drive  determination and free  will . this movie has more to recommend it than i can put down into words . it is a rare experience that you must see for yourself .  br    br    
this documentary follows the lives of big and little edie beale  a mother and daughter  who lived as recluses in their family mansion in east hampton  ny from the mid    s through the late   s . by the time the filmmakers find them  the mansion is falling apart  and the women  one   and the other    share a squalid room . the older edie beale is the aunt of jackie kennedy onassis and the younger is her first cousin . the women were originally going to be evicted from the house due to its decrepit condition  but jackie sent them money for repairs so they could keep living there .  br    br   at times this movie can seem exploitative  as neither woman seems in the best of mental health  but at other times  the movie is hard to look away from .  little  edie blames her mother for her current state  and her mother fires back that edie was never going to be the success she thought she was .  little  edie often seems trapped in the past  focused on choices she made decades ago  and loves showing off pictures from her youth  where she clearly was a beautiful debutante . her mother seems more resigned to her fate  to live out the rest of her life in terrible conditions . there are definite hints of the glamorous life both women once lead  from the pictures that show a happy family  to the grand portrait of the older edie next to her bed . from what we see of the house  most of the rooms in it are empty  the walls are cracking and falling apart  and  little  edie leaves food in the attic for the racoons to feast on . and of course there are numerous cats running around .  br    br   at its heart  this documentary is incredibly sad . while neither woman seems particularly depressed by their lot in life  the squalor they live in is utterly awful . it  s not particularly clear if there is even running water in the house  and you get the impression that they have essentially been abandoned by their family .  br    br   however  as a documentary  the film is a wonder to behold  and is highly recommended .  
i stopped short of giving  mr . blandings builds his dream house       due to an aspect that makes us in the   st century cringe a little bit the fact that a black person is the faithful servant  somewhat reminiscent of stepin fetchit  . but other than that  the movie  s a hoot . portraying middle class new york couple jim  cary grant  and muriel blandings  myrna loy  trying to build a house in connecticut  this flick has something for everyone .  br    br   grant is his usual flippant self  while loy does quite well as merely a wife . but melvyn douglas adds some real laughs as jim  s and muriel  s lawyer bill cole  who seems to have more plans than he  s making clear . as for the house itself . . . throughout most of the movie  you  ll probably feel ambiguous as to whether or not you want to live there . the builders  contractors  and others also provide their fair share of laughs .  br    br   all in all  a comedy classic . also starring louise beavers  reginald denny  sharyn moffett  connie marshall and jason robards sr .  
i saw this film a couple of weeks ago  and it  s been stuck in my head ever since . it stars two spellbinding characters in what is unfortunately a mediocre documentary . to get the true story of the beales  i had to wade through all of the dvd  s bonus material and commentaries and search the web .  br    br   although the maysles and their fans  not to mention edith and edie themselves  bristle at the suggestion that this film is exploitative  this is exploitation in the truest sense of the word . very little effort is every made to explain the beales or how they came to the condition they were in  the maysles approach seems to be to just turn the camera on and wait for edith and edie to say something outrageous . the sound  even on the criterion re  release is poor and difficult to follow . although i appreciate this film was made somewhat early in the history of documentary film  it  s ironic to compare it to geraldo rivera  s    far superior series on the sexual abuse of mentally retarded patients at willowbrook state school in staten island from      four years before grey gardens was shot .  br    br   to paraphrase a review in the new yorker  there were many things edith and edie needed in their lives  and a documentary wasn  t one of them .  br    br   as for edith and edie  the thing i kept thinking while watching the film was  where the hell is their family   they were living in dangerous  unhealthy  unsafe conditions . how is it that jackie o  married to one of the richest men on earth  or the wealthy bouvier family themselves  couldn  t afford to get edith and edie a decent home  or at the very least hire a part  time housekeeper or caregiver to come in and keep an eye on them both  it  s shameful and a lasting disgrace to the entire bouvier family .  br    br   although this review may sound negative i would strongly recommend grey gardens to anyone who enjoys documentaries . perhaps someday someone will come along and do a documentary about this documentary  bringing in the rich backstory  and afterstory  of the beales and the whole subsection of hamptons society in the      s .  
hey now  yours truly  theatrex  found this while grubbing through videos at the flea market  in almost new condition  and in reading the back of the box saw that it was somewhat of a  cult hit  so of course it came home with me .  br    br   what a strange film . the aunt and cousin of former first lady jacqueline bouvier kennedy onassis live in this decaying   room house out on long island  suffolk co .  and share the house with raccoons  cats  fleas  eyow   and who knows what else . suffolk co . was all over them at one point for living in filth and old jackie herself came by to set things right . anyway  this is one strange pair  big edie and little edie . . . edie  the daughter  always wears something over her head and dances  sings  and gives little asides to the camera that rarely make much sense . big edie  the mother  age    apparently likes to run around naked  and while we do get hints of what that might look like thankfully this was tastefully    done to the point where we  re mercifully spared from that . these women talk and talk and talk  mostly about the past  and it doesn  t make a whole lot of sense  except to them . they live in absolute filth  cats doing their business wherever   look  that cat  s going to the bathroom behind my portrait     and one bedroom appears to be their center of operations . if i close my eyes and listen to big edie  s voice it reminds me very much of my own late aunt  who was from that area of the country and had that lawn guyland accent . one scene has little edie putting on flea repellent  lovely  you can see all the cats scratching all the time so the place must have been infested . the box refers to these two women as  eccentric   and i  d have to say in this case it is just a euphemism for  wacked out of their gourds   but this film is not without its moments where you truly feel something for them . this is equal parts creepy  sad  and disgusting  but i couldn  t stop watching once i started . this is not my  normal  type of flick but i found it to be somewhat fascinating . it won  t be for everybody though  guaranteed .  
i found grey garden  s to be a gripping film  an amazingly intimate  br    br   look at too eccentrics who basically have the right idea forget  br    br   society and live in a delapidated house with no heating and a huge  br    br   brood of cats and raccoons  persuing their own interests rather  br    br   mundainly  all the while chattering at the camera .  br    br   big edie and little edie are the two crazies that the mazles bros .  br    br   have chosen to document . they seem like characters out of a  br    br   fellini film  only stranger  if that makes any sense . old edie is  br    br   almost fully bedridden  a pile of papers  clothes and dirty dishes  br    br   growing around her . little edie is even more interesting . she  br    br   prances around the house  always wearing a baboushka  like  br    br   headdress around her head  completely covering her hair . we  br    br   never see her hair throughout the film  nor do we ever get a hint  br    br   that she still has much . at age fifty eight  though  she is still  br    br   beautiful and full of life .  br    br   in grey gardens  we get the sense that both of these women  s  br    br   lives have become much less than what they once were . little  br    br   edie is probably the sadder of the two . while her mother  in her  br    br   earlier years  got married  made a family  lived luxuriously and  br    br   even made some recordings  the scene where  at    she sings  br    br   along with a recording of  tea for two  she made decades ago is  br    br   one of the films best scenes   edie left her promicing career as a  br    br   model to take care of her ailing mother . at    she still longed to  br    br   find her prince charming . if anything little edie is still a little girl   br    br   full of dreams of glamour and fame  and of domestic and romantic  br    br   bliss  that have yet to be fulfilled .  br    br   highlights of the film include the opening moments  where little  br    br   edie explains her outfit to the camera  the  tea for two  sequence   br    br   the birthday party  the climactic argument  the grocery deliver  br    br   scene  and the scene in the attic . the whole thing is incredibly  br    br   candid and unpretencious . and it  s made all the more remarcable  br    br   since it  s all real .  br    br   i suggest seeing grey gardens back  to  back with the kenneth  br    br   anger short puce moment . the criterion dvd is    .    but it  s  br    br   worth every penny .  
  grey gardens        is the maysles  brothers bizarre documentary of jackie bouvier kennedy onassis  eccentric aunt and first cousin who live like pigs in a run down   room mansion on east hampton  long island .  big edie  bouvier beale     witty and dry and her daughter   little edie  beale      emotionally about    a still beautiful woman who once had a promising future  live in isolation from the rest of the world except for their many cats and raccoons in the attic . they amuse themselves by bickering all day  listening to the radio or singing to each other  they dont even own a television  their fall from society is amazing to learn of and the viewer is drawn to these two very special  although obviously  dysfunctional people . one of the better documentaries ever made and still a cult classic today .  
one question that must be asked immediately is would this film have been made if the women in it were not the aunt and cousin of jacqueline lee bouvier kennedy onassis   br    br   the answer is probably not .  br    br   but  thankfully  they are  or were  the cousin and aunt of jackie .  br    br   this documentary by the maysles brothers on the existence  one could hardly call it a life  of edith b . beale  jr .  and her daughter edith bouvier beale  edie   has the same appeal of a train wreck   you don  t want to look but you have to .  br    br   big edith and little edie live in a once magnificent mansion in east hampton  new york  that is slowly decaying around them . the once beautiful gardens are now a jungle .  br    br   magnificent oil painting lean against the wall  with cat feces on the floor behind them  and beautiful portraits of them as young women vie for space on the walls next to covers of old magazines .  br    br   living alone together for many years has broken down many barriers between the two women but erected others .  br    br   clothing is seems to be optional . edie  s favorite costume is a pair of shorts with panty hose pulled up over them and bits and pieces of cloth wrapped and pinned around her torso and head .  br    br   as edith says  edie is still beautiful at   .  and indeed she is . there are times when she is almost luminescent and both women show the beauty that once was there .  br    br   there is a constant undercurrent of sexual tension .  br    br   their eating habits are  to be polite  strange . ice cream spread on crackers . a dinner party for edith  s birthday of wonder bread sandwiches served on fine china with plastic utensils .  br    br   time is irrelevant in their world as edie says  i don  t have any clocks .   br    br   their relationships with men are oh  so  strange .  br    br   edie feels like edith thwarted any of her attempts at happiness . she says  if you can  t get a man to propose to you  you might as well be dead .  to which edith replies  i  ll take a dog any day .   br    br   it is obvious that edith doesn  t see her role in edie  s lack of male companionship . early in the film she states  france fell but edie didn  t .  br    br   sometimes it is difficult to hear exactly what is being said . both women talk at the same time and constantly contradict each other .  br    br   there is a strange relationship with animals throughout the film edie feeds the raccoons in the attic with wonder bread and cat food . the cats  and there are many of them  are everywhere .  br    br   at one point edie declares  the hallmark of aristocracy is responsibility .  but they seem to be unable to take responsibility for themselves .  br    br   this is a difficult film to watch but well worth the effort .  
i was speechless and devastated after my first viewing of this  many parts of grey gardens are very funny and unbelievably surreal  documentary of not  this really gives fellini or david lynch a run for their money in the weirdsville sweepstakes . i kept focusing on how these women  who are clinically way beyond eccentric  reveal their own humanity in the most surprising of ways  and i wonder whether their retreat from the world was prompted by something beyond the stuffiness of life in the unreal blue  blood universe  perhaps some abuse  or perhaps simply a streak of defiance and rebellion that spiralled out of their control and took on a life of its  own . this might be one of the greatest ever films that comes dangerously close to exploitation  without going completely over the edge  as the edies do their thing  i kept noting things like the empty gin bottles in the rubble  strewn bedroom  cats urinating on the bed  racoons emerging from holes in the walls  and the final scene seemed incredibly sad  like a child  s birthday party gone seriously wrong . very definitely worth seeing and seeking out  you  ll never forget it  but very disturbing .  
we stumbled upon the documentary  grey gardens  last sunday and got  sucked in  without warning . everyone who entered the room became transfixed on the television and the haunting images of edith and edie who seemed to be living out their lives in practically one room of a large filthy mansion on the beach  eating ice cream and corn on the cob  which was cooked on the bedside table    and the cat urinating on edith  s bed and her unbelievable words   i thrive on it the smell .  we had not seen the beginning and wondered what we were watching and how these aristocratic women managed to get in the position they were in . spellbinding  a must see      
trawling through the sci fi weeklies section of the local video rentals store i was losing hope of finding any good movies i hadn  t yet seen . renting cypher was like a punt on a possibly very lame horse . my son is so jaded with current  b  science fiction that he hasn  t bothered seeing this yet .  br    br   it must be noted i didn  t see anything about cypher when it was released in australia . it must have been very quiet or i just missed it .  br    br   well this was a really pleasant surprise  this is also no b movie . it  s not a  blockbuster  of the epic variety and doesn  t try to be  more a quiet movie that needs to be seen several times for it  s plot to be fully savoured .  br    br   the special effects are powerfully presented when they are used  my only complaint is the super helo is a leetle obviously cgi at first view  but they get it right at it  s  nd appearance   that aside everything else is top notch . in any case the affects are secondary .  br    br   i won  t give anything away about the plot . the plot structure has a russian doll aspect a little reminiscent of basic instinct  though with very different content  .  br    br   just i will say that choosing jeremy northam for the lead was a master stroke . the actor was born in cambridge england  and his accent for this film hits the ear as a sort of extremely forced new england dialect  it  s a tad off key . see the final twist of the plot and you  ll see why that is such a brilliant choice  and lucy liu is also just right with her  will she kiss me  will she shoot me  edge .  br    br   i rarely watch movies several times within days  this is one of them .  
don  t read anything about this movie  especially nothing that could contain any spoilers  . just watch this awesome movie without knowing anything about it  and you  ll have a really great experience . if you like to see an intelligent  twisted story go  get the dvd and you  ll truly not be disappointed .  cypher  is not really a sci  fi movie  more a psycho thriller settled in the environment of globalized business . it  s about corporate secrets  how big companies spy each others research departments and the methods used by them . the actors do a great performance and the overall visual style of the movie provides a perfect mode of coldness . cypher is much deeper  more complex and  what belongs the story and the ending  also much  much more satisfying than vincenzo natali  s other movies  cube  and  nothing  . actually it  s one of the best movies i  ve ever seen  and that  s something i really don  t say this about every fifth well  made flick  . sorry  can  t tell you anything more about this movie without risking to hurt your experience . just give it a chance .     
  cypher  is a cleverly conceived story about industrial espionage set in america in the not too distant future . while thematically not complex  this film does offer many different perspectives about personal loyalty  ruthlessness  and corporate conspiracy . to a certain extent this film also attempts to represent modern corporate groups and companies as being indifferent to the risks their contract employees take on their behalf .  br    br   the film starts off with a somewhat mediocre salary man  morgan sullivan  jeremy northam   who applies to the digicorp group to work as an undercover operative . after an initial briefing with digicorp  s security chief  sullivan is then given a new identity  jack thursby  and sent to a business conference with the task of recording the speeches given by various spokesmen concerning the marketing strategies of each of their respective companies . upon successfully completing his first assignment  sullivan  thursby is sent on further missions to obtain the same type of information previously gathered . however  on one of his  business trips  he inadvertently runs into a woman named rita foster   liu  whom he had met on his previous assignment  and from there things go extremely topsy  turvy . the implications of a diabolical conspiracy involving digicorp  s espionage program begin to emerge and sullivan is forced to go deep cover at one of digicorp  s main competitors  thus becoming a double agent involved in an intense rivalry between the two companies .  br    br     spoilers end here    br    br   what i liked most about this film was the efficient use of lighting and shadows in a lot of the scenes . vivid lighting was used in mainly domestic  household settings  while a lot of shadows and dark coloring were used for settings involving deception and cover  up . i was also very impressed with jeremy northam . not too often have i seen him in the lead role  and the fact that he plays a disenchanted married man straight out of wisconsin was brilliant . personally  i think he  s one of the many under used actors in the industry who hasn  t been given more challenging roles . lucy liu was also incredible in her part and gave the movie its real cloak  and  dagger tone . additionally  the rest of the supporting cast did a superb job  however  my only complaint was that some characters could have been explored more to make the plot and closure a little more complicated . for example  i would have loved to see what would have happened if jack thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second  wife .  overall  this is a cleverly developed cloak  and  dagger story that keeps you guessing to the very end about personal and professional loyalties and whether anyone in the entire film can be trusted . with a smart and stylish soundtrack and great camera work  this film provides a scary look at how corporations might operate in the near future . i  m surprised that i had never watched this  hidden gem  before . this is a brilliant  not  too  overly complicated spy thriller  and therefore i  m giving it a  out of   .  
modern viewers know this little film primarily as the model for the remake   the money pit .  older viewers today watch it with wisps of nostalgia cary grant  myrna loy  and melvyn douglas were all  superstars  in an easier  less complicated era . or was it  time  of course  has a way of modifying perspectives  and with so many films today verily ulcerating with social and political commentary  there is a natural curiosity to wonder about controversy in older  seemingly less provocative films . in  mr . blandings builds his dream house   there may  therefore  be more than what audiences were looking for in     . there is political commentary  however subtle . finding a house in the late   s was a truly exasperating experience  only lightly softened by the coming of levittowns and the like . politics in the movie  the blandings children always seem to be talking about progressive ideas being taught to them in school  which in real life would get teachers accused of communism  . in real life  too  myrna loy was a housing activist  a democrat  and a feminist . melvyn douglas was no less a democratic firebrand he was married to congresswoman helen gahagan douglas  whom young richard nixon accused of being soft on communism  and which ruined her  . jason robards  sr .  has a small role in the film  but his political activism was no less noticeable . more importantly  his son  jason robards  jr .  would be for many years a very active liberal democrat . almost the odd fellow out was cary grant  whose strident conservatism reflected a majority political sentiment in hollywood that was already slipping . but this was      communism was a real perceived threat and the blacklist was just around the corner . it would be another decade before political activism would reappear in mainstream films  and then not so subtly .  
cypher is a clever  effective and eerie film that delivers . its good premise is presented well and it has its content delivered in an effective manner but also in a way the genre demands . although one could immediately label the film a science fiction  there is a little more to it . it has it  s obvious science fiction traits but the film resembles more of a noir  detective feel than anything else which really adds to the story .  br    br   the film  overall  plays out like it  s some kind of nightmare thus building and retaining a good atmosphere . we  re never sure of what exactly is going on  we  re never certain why certain things that are happening actually are and we  re not entirely sure of certain people  similar to having a dream  the ambiguity reigns over us all  hero included and i haven  t seen this pulled off in such a manner in a film before  bar terry gilliam  s brazil . going with the eeriness stated earlier  cypher presents itself with elements of horror as well as detective  noir and science fiction giving the feeling that there  s something in there for everyone and it integrates its elements well .  br    br   there is also an espionage feeling to the film that aids the detective side of the story . the mystery surrounding just about everyone is disturbing to say the least and i find the fact that the character of rita foster  liu   who is supposed to resemble a femme fatale  can be seen as less of a threat to that of everything else happening around the hero people whom appear as friends actually aren  t  people who say they  re helping are actually using and those that appear harmless enough are actually deadlier than they look . despite a lot of switching things around  twisting the plot several times and following orders that are put across in a way to make them seem that the world will end if they  re not carried out the one thing that seems the most dangerous is any romantic link or connection with lucy liu  s character  and she  s trying to help out    the film maintains that feeling of two sides battling a war of espionage  spying and keeping one up on its employees and opponents . the whole thing plays out like some sort of mini  cold war something that resembles the u . s . a . and the u . s . s . r . in their war of word  s heyday and it really pulls through given the black  bleak  often cgi littered screen that i was glued to .  br    br   what was also rather interesting and was a nice added touch was the travel insert shot of certain american states made to resemble computer microchips as our hero flies to and from his stated destinations  significant then how the more he acts on his and foster  s own motivation this sequence disappears because he  s breaking away from the computerised  repetitive  controlled life that he  s being told to live and is branching out .  br    br   cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good film . to say it resembles the first jason bourne film  only set in the sci  fi genre  isn  t cutting it enough slack but you can see the similarities despite them both being released in the same year . like i mentioned earlier  there feels like there is something in this film for everyone and if you can look past the rather disappointing ending that a few people may successfully predict  you will find yourself enjoying this film .  
cypher is a movie well worth seeing because it  s not the run  of  the  mill sci  fi flick . the artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what  s going on . the close  up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive . the sci  fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie . the technology used in the movie isn  t overly impressive  however  the director makes good use of the props .  br    br   the character development is intentionally shallow . the main character  jeremy northam  decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage . it  s up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it  s the enigma that keeps the audience interested right to the very end .  
damn  i  ve seen this movie for at least  times now and i still don  t get bored watching it .  br    br   the visuals are so good and together with the music which is totally awesome and perfect fitting this movie is mind  blowing to me .  br    br   the cgis are quite bad imho  but the whole visuals with the black and white feeling about it and the totally sterile interiors were just . . . just a genius perfect combination for such a movie . the whole feeling about the feeling is indescribable  the plot is so good .  br    br   however although  the movie had little flaws  like e . g . sometimes i thought the movie was a bit too  slow   but i don  t mean the scenic parts by that  i totally loved those .  br    br   also i got distracted very often by the totally complex story  like when he is in the underground bunker  like thing of digicorps  where all their data is saved  and has this conversation with the guy down there . . . but that may also just be me d and the end could have been displayed somehow more emphasized  they should have made the getting  back  true  memory  part a bit longer and  louder  but then again without all these flaws the movie would have been so good i would have never stopped watching it again and again . . .  
this movie is a gem because it moves with soft  but firm resolution .  br    br   i caution viewers that although it is billed as a corporate spy thriller and ms liu is there  it moves at a deftly purposeful yet sedate pace . it  s not about explosions  car chases  or flying bullets . you must be patient and instead  note the details here . it  s sedate because that  s what the main character is . the viewer has to watch him and think as this story unfolds .  br    br   i will not give spoilers   because that destroys the point of watching . the plot is what you  ve read from the other postings an average white  collar guy  seeking change and adventure  signs on for a corporate spy job . just go somewhere and secretly record and transmit inside data .  br    br   take it from there .  br    br   this movie starts at a surreal walk   with a background tang of corporate disillusionment that entwines itself with quintessential  underlying suburban paranoia .  br    br   then it begins to accelerate .  br    br   the acting on all parts is superb   and yes  some of the acts are caricature characters . but they all fit  and they entertain . and the light piano rhyme in the background is just perfect as the soft  soft key sinister theme all is not right at the beginning .  br    br   and at the end all is not what it seems .  br    br   get comfortable and turn the lights down to watch this one   and turn up the sound this movie wants you to listen .  
this is my first comment  this is a fantastic movie  i watched it all by luck one night on tv . at first  minutes i thought it was a b movie  but afterward i understood what an amazing product this was .  br    br   i suggested to some friends to see the movie  only to tell me that it was a bad b movie . how wrong . superficial critiques .  br    br   i think that the movie is almost a product of genius  the well known director made an excellent job here and it is a shame to tell that he was out of the game all this time .  
i  ve seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really liked it a lot . but i still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is still good compared to movies coming out now  and i wan tell it  s one the best movies i  ve ever seen in my life               br    br   what you need to know is that you don  t have to miss any minute of this movie  if you don  t completely follow the action you will get lost and you will not understand the end .  br    br   the end is what makes this movie so good  you can  t expect it .  br    br   congratulations to the producer   
who can watch a movie  look at lucy liu and not be overjoyed . that woman is amazingly beautiful  a talented actress . that  s a tough combination to find now a days . and jeremy northam . i heard his name plenty of times  but i never really noticed him . my advice to hollywood is   use him more  .  br    br   now about the movie i watched it in one of my graveyard shift . i don  t recommend that to anyone . it  s a bit to complicated  mysterious for that . i still can  t believe i didn  t see the ending coming . i  m not gonna say what cause that  ll spoil the hole movie . although saying this is spoilment enough .  br    br   now i  m suppose to cast my vote about this movie . i love the dark mystic story  the actors did a good job  i love the directors  natali  work in the past . there  s not a big audience for this kind of thing  that  s also pretty risky . you know what  i  m just gonna give this work a  cause everybody should see this . then again   point deduction cause there is always space for improvement .  
wow . one of the greatest movies i have ever  ever seen .  br    br   absolutely loved it  before the opening credits were done i was glued to the screen .  br    br   it  s a sci  fi thriller  and edge of your seat whodunnit . incredible .  br    br   i wish  d it would never end .  br    br   lucy liu is a throwaway role . anyone could have played it . the lead actor  jeremy northram was the perfect geeky guy .  br    br   this movie appeals to me who loved war games  sneakers  and track down .  br    br   incredible   br    br          . walt d in lv  
it  s actually a good thing sean connery retired as james bond  as i  m sure he wouldn  t be able to keep up in the nowadays spying  business  where fast cars have been replaced with hi  tech brainwashing techniques and gorgeous women are considered to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment .  cypher  is a pretty inventive sci  fi thriller that often evokes feelings of fright  claustrophobia despite being utterly implausible . you know the trend in these types of movies nothing is what it seems and just when you think figured out the convoluted plot  the writers make sure to insert a new twist that confuses everyone again . the events in  cypher  supposedly take place in the most prominent regions of the computer world  where the major companies don  t really do a lot apart from trying to steal each other  s thunder . company digisoft literally spends millions brainwashing people and providing them with a new identity  only to let them infiltrate as spies in their biggest competitor  the sunways corporation . sunways  on the other hand  constantly tries to unmask the digisoft  rats and recruit them again as double  spies . in between this whole unprofitable business stands morgan sullivan a seemingly colorless thirty  something employee who  s been selected by sebastian rooks  the ber  spy  to diddle the secret policies of both companies . trust me  it  s actually less complicated than it sounds and director vincenzo natali  the dude from  tube   carefully takes his time to introduce all the important and less important characters . the first half of the film is rather reminiscent to the sadly underrated john frankenheimer gem  seconds   starring rock hudson  as it also deals with erasing identities and drastically altering your former life style . even the set pieces seem to come straight out of that    s film  with loads of empty white rooms and eerie corridors that seem to be endless . there  s also plenty of great action and suspense  most notably when morgan soberly experiences how the digisoft crew inspects the results of their brainwashing  techniques during boring conventions . the middle section of the film drags a little  mainly because you already realize that it  s all just building up towards multiple misleading plot  twists  and i hoped for a slightly more grim portrayal of the not  so  distant future . jeremy northam is perfectly cast and the adorable lucy liu is convincingly mysterious as the foxy lady who appears to be on his side . regular director  s choice david hewlett has the most memorable supportive role as the uncannily eccentric suways engineer virgil c . dunn .  cypher  is well made and adrenalin rushing sci  fi entertainment  highly recommended to people who fully like to use their brain capacity from time to time .  
this movie is about this wimpy guy who decides to become a spy for a glamorous high tech company named digicorp . this wimpy guy  morgan  jeremy northam  is unhappy with his miserable suburban life and his demanding wife so he decides to become a spy . he is suppose to go to conventions from other high tech companies and find out all the companies  plans . instead  morgan finds himself attracted to a beautiful woman  played by lucy liu  and pretty much being double  crossed by these two companies that force him to become a double agent . how will morgan get himself out of this  can he trust the beautiful but mysterious rita foster  played by lucy liu   and more importantly  can morgan make it out alive  wow  what a nifty movie  i was completely sucked in after   minutes of watching this movie . it is very suspenseful and you can feel morgan  s fear and confusion as he is doing his best to stay alive . the scene where they put this horrible contraption on morgan  s head to brainwash him is brilliantly creepy and frightening . morgan slowly goes through a personality transformation that is not so readily apparent until you think about it after the film is finished . from a wimpy guy with bad hair and glasses  he turns into a man actively fighting for his life .  br    br   the ending  wow  the ending is incredible  the twist is so much fun  it left me gasping and cheering like crazy  good performances from all around  especially from jeremy natham  lucy liu and nigel bennett .  br    br   i highly recommend this film   
although recognized as the best film treatment of the difficulties of having a house in the country built  or bought  to your specifications  it is not the first  nor the last . in     jack benny and ann sheridan were the leads in the film version of the comedy george washington slept here by george s . kaufman and moss hart . and about fifteen years ago shelly long and tom hanks had the lead in the money pit . the former was about moving into an   th century country house that . . . err  needs work . the latter was about building your dream house  in the late     s . although the two films have their moments  both are not as good as blandings  which was based on an autobiographical novel of the same name .  br    br   jim blandings and his wife muriel  cary grant and myrna loy  are noticing the tight corners of their apartment  which they share with their two daughters joan and betsy  sharyn moffett and connie marshall  . although blandings has a good income as an advertising executive  in     he is making        .   a year  which was like making        .   today   and lives in a luxury apartment  which in the new york city of that day he rents   he feels they should seek something better . he and muriel take a drive into the country  connecticut  and soon find an old ruin that both imagine can be fixed up as that dream house they want .  br    br   and they both fall into the financial worm hole that buying land and construction can lead to . for one thing  they are so gung ho about the idea of building a home like this they fail to heed warning after warning by their wise  if cynical friend and lawyer bill cole  melvin douglas  in a nicely sardonic role  . for example  jim buys land from a connecticut dealer  ian wolfe  sucking his chops quietly   with a check before double checking the correct cost for the land in that part of connecticut . bill points out he  s paid about five or six thousand dollars more for the land than it is worth . there are problems about water supply that both blandings just never think about  such as hard and soft water  which leads to the zis  zis water softening machine . they find that the designs they have in mind  and have worked out with their architect  reginald denny   can  t be dropped cheaply at a spur of the moment decision by muriel to build a little rookery that nobody planned for .  br    br   the escalating costs of the project are one matter that bedevils jim . he has been appointed to handle the  wham  account   spam  had become a popular result of world war ii  in that the public started using it as a meat substitute  in the light of it  s success with the armed forces  . jim can  t get a grip on this  he  s not alone  one or two other executives fumbled it before him  . he comes up with the following bit of  poetry       br    br    this little piggy went to market   br    br   he was pink and as pretty as ham .  br    br   he smiled in his tracks   br    br   as they gave him the ax   br    br   he knew he would end up as  wham     br    br   his secretary looks at him as though he needs a straight jacket when he reads that one   br    br   jim also is increasingly suspicious of the attentions of bill to muriel  although  in this case  bill is blameless . but he  s always around  jim keeps forgetting that bill is the clearheaded one  and that he  s keeping jim and muriel from making so many mistakes  . all three have mishaps  the best being when they get locked in a room in the half constructed house  just as the men have left for the day . they can  t open the door  and jim  in a panic  tries breaking the door down by a make  shift battering ram . he breaks a window  and the door opens by itself .  br    br   the film works quite satisfactorily  with all of the actors apparently enjoying themselves . it is one film which  despite changing price levels and salary levels  really does not age at all . after all  most americans dream of owning their own home and always have .  br    br   a number of years ago a paint company made use of a delightful scene with myrna loy and emory parnell regarding the paint job parnell  s company has to do on the various rooms . she carefully shows the distinct shades of red  blue  etc . she wants  even giving a polite parnell a single thread for the right shade of blue . the commercials hinted that the paint company had a wide variety of colors to choose from for your paint job . they proudly called loy  mrs . blandings  in the commercials  introduction . you can imagine though how the no  nonsense parnell handles the situation afterward  when loy leaves him with his paint crew .  
this is the movie for those who believe cinema is the seventh art  not an entertainment business . lars von trier creates a noir atmosphere of post  war germany utterly captivating . you get absorbed into the dream and you  re let go only at the end credits . the plot necessarily comes second  but it still is a thrilling story with tough issues being raised . just wonderful .  
i  m a male  not given to women  s movies  but this is really a well done special story . i have no personal love for jane fonda as a person but she does one hell of a fine job  while deniro is his usual superb self . everything is so well done acting  directing  visuals  settings  photography  casting . if you can enjoy a story of real people and real love  this is a winner .  
if you came into the film with expectations  throw them away now  because no amount of hype will do this film justice .  br    br   to categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal . it  s a spy thriller  has elements of noir  bits and pieces of action  science fiction  and cyberpunk all tied together with a brilliant narrative  mind  bending plot twists  and gorgeous cinematography .  br    br   a lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative  both in good and bad ways  of other movies . but as they say  every story cribs from shakespeare  so once you can get past that  you  re in for a hell of a ride .  br    br   you will need to suspend your disbelief at some points  and while the set never becomes unbelievable  there are portions  read the elevator  which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals . don  t misconstrue that to mean it  s on the same level as cheesy sci  fi channel movies  though  because this is on a much higher level .  br    br   if you  re looking for action  you should turn away . this is pure psychology . but if you  re willing to sit down and devote a good   minutes of your life to a novel cinematic experience  by all means  do it now  watch this movie now before it becomes cool to have seen it   
canadian director vincenzo natali took the art  house circuit by storm with the intriguing and astonishingly intelligent cube  which is my personal favourite sf film of the   s . it framed the basic conceit of a group of strangers trapped in a maze shaped like a giant cube  shot entirely on one set  and took this idea in fascinating directions .  br    br   i  ve been eagerly awaiting natali  s follow  up  and although its taken five years for him to mount another project  i  m delighted to say it was worth the wait . cypher is a fascinating exploration of one man  s place in the world  and how through a completely logical chain of events  finds himself in a situation beyond his control .  br    br   i don  t want to reveal too much about the plot  because one of the joys of cypher is the different avenues it takes us down . it is so refreshing in this day and age to see a sf film that has more than one idea in it  s head . cypher is such a film .  br    br   morgan sullivan  jeremy northam   one of the blandest people to ever walk the planet  is hired by the company digicorp . they send him to different parts of america to record different seminars . to his bewilderment  they are unbelievably boring . covering topics as mundane as shaving cream and cheese .  br    br   while morgan is waiting for one seminar  he runs into rita foster  an impeccably cast lucy liu   the definition of an ice maiden . she gives him the brush  off  but there is something to her he finds irresistible . that  s not too surprising considering the dry marriage he is in .  br    br   when rita turns up at another one of morgan  s seminars  she tells him his life is not what it appears . and i  m not saying anything more about the plot . to do so would cheapen the impact the rest of the film has on us  as well as the tortuous path that  s so much fun to follow .  br    br   as with cube  natali shows quite a talent for encompassing seemingly ordinary people  taking them out of the familiar  and basically seeing what will happen when they  re thrust into the unknown . and cypher follows similar patterns . but it  s not a carbon copy of cube . it has it  s own inspiration .  br    br   cypher is a film that has more in common with conspiracy thrillers and paranoia stories . one of the great things about cypher is the way these themes creep into the story without your knowledge . when morgan realises his false identity is a piece of a much larger puzzle  it  s as much of a shock to us as it is to him .  br    br   one thing that distinguishes cypher from cube is how much more polished it is . where cube was confined to a minimalist setting and a shoestring budget with a cast of unknowns  cypher is also on a low budget  but natali economises it as much as he can  allowing him to broaden the horizon  and launching morgan on an amazing journey through the labyrinth of his own identity .  br    br   natali  s direction is exceptional  with a deft hand on the reins . there are some amazing camera angles from above  such as the enormity of the digicorp building as a vast  robust office block in conjunction to the insignificant speck that is morgan standing outside . all the colour appears to have been bled out of the picture  which compliments the tone of the film perfectly as a modern day film  noir .  br    br   the acting is uniformly excellent throughout . jeremy northam is a sympathetic figure from his loveless marriage to questioning his own identity . his performance is excellent because it  s so modulated . he literally seems to transform right before our very eyes . from a clinical  spineless wimp to a confident man who will do anything to preserve his new identity .  br    br   david hewlett puts in a welcome appearance who made such an impact in cube . he resides in a secret silo that looks like it was borrowed from men in black . his scene is one of the best because it  s an exercise in carefully calculated suspense and paranoia . he is a supposed expert in identifying double  agents  and it  s a fantastic piece of writing  brilliantly acted by hewlett . all he has to do is look at morgan  and we  re drawn into his complex mind game .  br    br   but it  s lucy liu who  s the scene stealer here . too often she is cast in films where her potential is not utilised to full effect . but in cypher  she is finally given a character that fits her like a glove . rita is an aloof  guarded femme fatale that liu inhabits with relish . i perked up every time she appeared because she is always in control  and can reduce a room to silence by the power of her icy stare alone .  br    br   things come to a very gratifying end  that doesn  t conclude on an ambiguous note the way cube did . but morgan deserves his happy ending . after he  s been put through the ringer like this  i cheered for him in the final scene . it  s a perfect final moment because it comes as a ray of sunshine after a gloomy   minutes .  br    br   cypher succeeds on all counts . engaging  shocking  always entertaining  it  s everything that total recall wanted to be but wasn  t . and it comes as a refreshing antidote to the overwhelming and inexplicable matrix .  br    br   a fine follow  up from natali . and now i  m a committed fan of the man . superb stuff   
director vincenzo natali  s cypher is a complex and imaginative thriller which  although requiring some suspension of belief and plenty of concentration  manages to be a thoroughly entertaining experience .  br    br   morgan sullivan  jeremy northam   a stay  at  home husband with an overbearing wife  decides to add a bit of spice to his mundane existence by getting a job as an industrial spy at high  tech company digi corp . his job is to travel to conferences across the country  under the assumed identity of jack thursby  and secretly broadcast the speeches given back to his bosses  via a nifty little electronic pen  gizmo .  br    br   in reality  however  the speeches are merely a cover for far more nefarious activities . morgan  along with his fellow conference attendees  is being brainwashed . the drugged water they are drinking puts them into a temporary coma  during which they are told to forget their pasts and permanently adopt their new identities . once they are totally convinced that they are someone else  they are told to apply for jobs with rival companies  where they are able to indulge in corporate espionage without suspicion .  br    br   but digi corp  s plans are scuppered by the intervention of shady operative  for  hire rita foster  lucy liu   who opens morgan  s eyes to what is really happening . she gives morgan an antidote to the mind altering drugs so that he can resist the brainwashing techniques . she also warns him that if digi corp suspects that he does not fully believe he is jack thursby  then he will be  eliminated  . morgan plays along  and applies for a job at rival business sunways .  br    br   however  arriving at his new workplace  he is given a polygraph test and is immediately rumbled as a spy . fortunately  the bosses at sunways see this as an ideal opportunity to feed false data to digi corp and morgan becomes a double agent .  br    br   from hereon in  things get progressively more complicated the plot twists and turns and poor old morgan ends up not being able to trust anyone . in an exciting finale  all eventually becomes clear  but only if you  ve been following events very carefully  .  br    br   director natali handles proceedings confidently and certainly has a great ability to produce a classy looking film for a relatively low budget . he manages to get some great performances from his talented cast jeremy northam  in particular  is fantastichis portrayal of the initially somewhat nervous morgan is played to perfection .  br    br   cypher is another fascinating movie from a director who is willing to take chances and i eagerly look forward to his forthcoming projects  high rise and necropolis .  
listen  i don  t care what anybody says  as cypher is nothing less than a  star movie . cypher is not  i repeat not  a b movie . cypher is an absolute masterpiece . suffice it to say  i am a connoisseur of the world  s finest spy films and this film is nothing less than top flight . i cannot overemphasis how phenomenal this movie is . cypher is one of the best spy movies ever conceived and ever made . the technology in this movie is over the horizon of spacetime . in fact  i must admit that cypher completely surprised the hell out of me . in fact  i  ve recommended this movie to my colleagues more than any other movie . other critics  of whom some downplayed the movie  have no idea as to what the hell they  re talking about . don  t listen to the haters . and actually  for the most part  reviews of cypher have been largely positive . and it should be noted that cyher is not only a good movie  but it is also a fantastic movie . cypher is the kind of movie that  s so advanced and so magnificently crafted  that it  s over the heads of most critics and all the cynics . there is nothing wrong with or cheap about cypher whatsoever . again  the cinematography  the backdrops  the technology  the storyline  and the acting are all     world  class top notch . naturally  i won  t give anything away . this is not a spoiler . and though it is the contention of some critics that cypher should have been in movie theaters  i believe quite the opposite . cypher is a movie that seems to have been just right for dvd release only and not in a bad way . cypher has got to be the greatest underground spy flick ever to hit the shelves . blade runner       brave new world  total recall  logan  s run  jason bourne and impostor and deja vu . . . look out  cypher equally earns the distinction of being placed in the aonn multimedia research   star eternal spy movie hall of fame . cypher is counterespionage at it  s absolute best . hands down and hats off . nothing is what it seems and truth is stranger than fiction . the future is now .  
in a near future  the ordinary man above any suspicious from the suburb morgan sullivan  jeremy northam  is hired by digicorp  a huge corporation  to be assigned as a spy and steal secrets from their competitors  sunways . along his training  morgan is brainwashed  assumes a new identity of jack thursby and travels to boring lectures . in one of them  he is approached by the beautiful and mysterious rita foster  lucy liu   who advises him that nothing is how it seems to be . morgan acknowledges a new reality  where he does not know who can be trusted .  br    br   the unknown  cypher  was a great surprise for me . this movie has not been released in brazil  but the engaging and exciting story is quite complex  with many plot points  and with great screenplay  direction and performances . in the very last twist  i recalled arnold schwarzenegger  s  total recall  . this movie certainly deserves to be watched more than once  and i really did not like the last scene  when the independent spy disposes the disputed disc in the sea . in only know the director vicenzo natali from the fantastic  cube   and this second work i see is also stunning . my vote is eight .  br    br   title  brazil   not available  
this is a superbly imaginative low budget sci  fi movie from cult director vincenzo natali . the film plays out like a crossing of phillip k dick with hitchcock and cronenberg and the film takes on a unique feel like nothing you would have seen . the film is superbly shot  i love the cinematography in this  it feels fresh and original . plot  wise the film explores similar themes to films like total recall  dark city and the matrix and its pretty staple sci  fi stuff . morgan sullivan  jeremy northam  is a suburbanite who is bored with his life and has decided to take a job as a company spy for digicorp  a large technological corporation . he meets up with a recruitment officer at the beginning who brings sullivan on board and instructs him on what he has to do . it basically involves going to conferences of rival companies and recording them via a satellite transmission device disguised as a pen . it also means that he must take on a different persona and keep it a secret from his wife . after his first job things become strange  his habits change  his personality begins to differ and he suffers pains in his neck and headaches as well as nightmares . he encounters a beautiful woman named rita foster  played by an intriguingly cast lucy liu .  he takes an instant attraction to . however when he goes in his next job and sees her again she reveals herself to be an agent of some sort who reveals that his job is not quite what it seems . he finds out later on that he and the rest of the people attending the conference all work for digicorp . the conferences are all covers to allow the company men to brainwash their spies . sullivan  whose alternate name is jack thursby has been given an antidote to digicorps drugging and while the rest of the spies at the latest conference drift off into what seems like a brain  dead day dream while the speakers drone on  the speakers send all the attendants to sleep via subliminal messages .  suddenly the rooms lights turn off and workers at digicorp come in shining lights in all the occupants eyes to ensure they are not conscious and then in a fairly nightmarish situation they bring in head sets for each member which send messages into the brain and brainwash the precipitants into believing they are someone else . digicorp are using these people as puppets and creating personalities and lives for these people while wiping their own existence . sullivan now must pretend that he entirely believes he is now jack thursby . digicorp want to steal information from their rivals samways and they want their own puppets to do it  they now effectively control what these spies do  except for sullivan . when samways get a hold of sullivan and discover he has not actually been brainwashed they decide to use him as a pawn to spy on digicorp  make sullivan a double agent . they know that digicorp have sent thursby to them to work his way into samways and work his way up the system until he can get into a situation to download important company information that could shut the company down . samways realises he had been planted and decide they will play along with digicorp and allow thursby to infiltrate their databanks but they will give digicorp a dodgy disc that will ruin their system . the plot begins to twist and turn as both companies are using sullivan as a pawn . he is stuck in the middle and rita foster is a mystery as he tries to work out why she is helping him . when a mysterious third party becomes involved  the person it is revealed that foster works for  sullivan must decide whether to go to this freelance agent  who could guarantee him a new life and safety or to stick with one of the companies he works for . the tension all builds to a stonking climax as it seems just about everyone wants to dispose of him once his usefulness has expires . the cast are great . northam is superb and the subtlety in his performance is excellent . he brings a great visual aspect to his performance  his eyes tell a story and we see a great subtle change as his character changes from sullivan to thursby . lucy liu is just sexy beyond belief and her presence gives a great dynamic to the film because it seems strange casting but works because of that fact . the rest of the cast are also good .  br    br   director natali whose previous film was the cult classic sci  fi flick cube  has a real visual flair . he paces the film superbly as well and has given it a great look . for a low budget film it features some imaginative visual effects and although the cgi isn  t great it never begins too much of a centre piece to effect the film negatively . the film really does bring feelings of the matrix and other great sci  fi films  it is up there with them . the plot nearly becomes too convoluted at times but in truth that helps in a film like this  that is where the cronenberg and lynch influence is evident . the film has you constantly working out what is going on and genuinely surprises as it goes along . this is overall an obvious cult classic and i can see this being incredibly popular when it is released in the states .      br    br    
this filmfour funded sci  fi movie is most definitely a must see . while it takes huge influence from the manchurian candidate and offers nothing new or original plot wise it  s handled with the utmost skill that it comes off as being fresh and inventive  despite it being basically a re  run of an earlier film . it  s good to know that films like this are still being made  even if they aren  t getting wide releases   and cypher is refreshing for that reason . the plot twists and turns  which gives it an element of paranoia and also serves in keeping the audience on the edge of their seat while trying to figure out the meaning of cypher  s mystery . the plot follows morgan sullivan a bored suburban man that decides to take a job with digicorp that involves him listening to speeches from several rival companies and recording them for reasons  to him  unknown . however  his job is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young lady known as rita . . .  br    br   this film features a number of stark white backgrounds that give it a very surreal edge and blend well with it  s apocalyptic imaging of the future . this gives the film a very odd look that sets it apart from the majority of other films of the same type  with it  s only real close affiliate being kubrick  s a clockwork orange . the plot is also very efficient and ditches character development in favour of the more stylish  and more thrilling  plot developing . you never quite know where you are with the plot  which serves in making it all the more intriguing . the acting is largely good with a largely unknown cast backing up the team of stars jeremy northam and lucy lui . northam very much looks the part of the quiet and disheartened man at the centre of the tale  and does well with his role . lucy lui is an actress that has a resume that doesn  t quite fit her talent  but she has a look about her that just fits this movie .  br    br   cypher is far from perfect as some of the sequences are illogical and at times it can be inconsistent but on the whole  if you want an inventive recent sci  fi film cypher is the way to go .  
jeremy northam  s characterization of the stuttering  mild mannered bookish morgan sullivan and watching him let loose bits and pieces of his real identity under the influence of single malt scotches and under the spell of lucy liu  s presence is brilliantly crafted and a joy to watch . his offering her a cigarette at the bar is an old habit  done without thinking or even asking and he becomes lost in her face  neck and lips . no matter the brainwashing  love has a way of persevering . love also cannot be  brainwashed in  with either of his two fake wives . in gradual stages  he begins to dispense with his glasses  to walk and talk differently and even his face looks different as the movie progresses . the music is fantastic  hypnotic  sexy and appropriately driving at times . the extensive use of black and white and grey tones makes this almost a sci fi  film noir  in the tradition of many classic thrillers . i would have liked to have seen more vulnerability in lucy liu  s portrayal  whenever she sees him in his various frazzled states  the man she loves and for whom she is performing a mission based on blind faith  some restrained vulnerability and flashes of genuine sympathy and concern would have made it a less one dimensional performance on her part . she is just no match for northam  s talents  but all in all i thoroughly enjoyed this film and would enjoying knowing about other screenplays written by the same author .  
you  ll notice by the stars i  ve given this great film that  . . . before you see it the first time   is implied . i had never before heard of this film and happened across it just because this week  and last  was a very slow rental experience  not much great coming in  . i  m not sure how this movie slipped past me  i love lucy liu and jeremy northam is great too . still  it did .  br    br   this movie is an awesome example of what to do if you don  t have a large budget . it had just the right amount of plot and dialog to make it very interesting and keep the viewer in the dark just enough . the entire film is you  the viewer  trying to figure out the plots many twists and turns . i would have given this film       however some of the shots were pretty fake looking . i don  t hold that against this film too much  but i don  t think it deserves a perfect score .  br    br   lucy liu is beautiful and mysterious  as always  . i think she  s pretty underrated as a serious talent . nevermind her beauty  which is difficult   she really takes her roles seriously and doesn  t rest on her appearance to drive her through scenes of sophisticated emotion . and she can seem cold and even lifeless if needed  as well .  br    br   jeremy northam does really well  at first  as quite a geeky corporate rat  willing to run through any maze to prove himself . however  as he changes throughout the film  it  s like night and day . i know some fans of clive owen  jude law  or other hopefuls to become the next james bond will hate me for this  but northam would  could  should fit that bill . he  s suave and cultured . he  s got a great bond posture and voice . i think he too can be cold if the situation calls for it  and rather down  to  earth  as well .  br    br   great film and definitely this movie  buff recommends it to be seen at least once if you like corporate espionage films .  
there was a stylish approach to this film on the part of director vincenzo natali with interesting camera angles and effective close  ups . it was also refreshing to see jeremy northam and lucy liu given leading roles and expanding their range as performers . this film also included one of the most imaginative  escape  scenes in recent years . the efforts of the director and the actors combined in an effective thriller .  br    br   although the plotting of the film was convoluted  the story progressed very clearly as the layers of corporate greed and skullduggery were revealed .  br    br   in      george orwell suggested in his famous novel       that the future would be ruled by the totalitarian state  which would control minds and diminish human liberty . it was interesting that in this intriguing futuristic film  it was not the state  but rather the corporate world that controlled and devalued the human worker .  
  having grown tired of the rat race and cramped living conditions of new york city  jim blandings  cary grant  finds a property in the country for his wife and children . he  s hoping to find the simple life . but  building a house proves to be anything but simple . as the headaches and the bills start piling up  so do the laughs . will mr . blanding  s ever get his dream house   br    br    what makes this movie so special is the three main actors  grant  myrna loy  and melvyn douglas . any of three are capable of carrying a movie on their own  so when you combine their talents  almost every scene is special . grant has always been a favorite of mine in this type of role . he is so good at playing the put upon husband . loy is a always a joy to watch . the thin man films she made with william powell are near perfect . and douglas has become a favorite of mine over the last two or three years . douglas also appeared in the old dark house  a particular favorite of mine .  br    br    the movie is definitely a product of its time . i get a kick out of imagining a time when you could build a two  story  three bedroom  four bathroom house on        income a year . throw in the fact that your two children attend private school and you have a live  in maid and it becomes almost fanciful .  br    br    however  for anyone who has bought or built a house  many of the situations and predicaments the blanding  s find themselves in are easily relatable to today . and that  s where the comedy comes in . how many people have done some of the stupid things the couple does in this movie only to end up costing more money than expected   the biggest complaint i have about mr . blandings is the whole  wife in love with best friend  subplot . it  s really not necessary to the plot and feels out  of  place and very uncomfortable as presented .  
when the matrix appeared in     and questioned existence and identity  it was expected that a lot of movies would use it as inspiration . that didn  t really happen  surprisingly  and it took till     for a movie of similar theme to appear . but to say cypher is a clone would be to its discredit .  br    br   the story is of a morgan sullivan  who applies for a job with a high  flying techno  company called digicorp . his job is to be a spy and gain information about a rival company  while under an assumed and false identity . his home  life is perfectly normal but he has to lie to his wife about what he  s actually doing . however  things start to take conspirital turns and before he knows what  s going on  he starts to question who he actually is . this is not helped by a strange woman who turns up . . .  br    br   twists and turns at every direction keep you absolutely fascinated  and at no point does anything ever seem contrived or unbelievable .  br    br   it  s an enthralling journey through a not  too  distant future  and with good acting all round will keep you on the edge of your seat .  br    br   highly recommended .  
a major moneymaker for rko radio  bombardier stars pat o  brien and randolph scott as trainers at a school for bomber pilots . o  brien and scott argue over teaching methods  while their students vie for the affections of anne shirley . o  brien  s methods prove sound during a bombing raid over tokyo . scott and his crew are captured and tortured by the japanese  but the mortally wounded scott manages to set fire to a gas truck  providing a perfect target for his fellow bombardiers . stylistically  bombardier is one of the most schizophrenic of war films  with moments of subtle poignancy  the death of trainee eddie albert  alternating with scenes of ludicrous  yellow peril  melodrama  the japanese literally hiss through their teeth as they torture the helpless americans  . though it can  t help but seem dated today  bombardier remains an entertaining propaganda effort  the film is sometimes erroneously listed as the debut of robert ryan  who  d actually been appearing before the cameras since     .  br    br   anyone interested in obtaining a copy of this film  please contact me at iamaseal  yahoo . com  
i wasn  t sure at first if i was watching a documentary  propaganda film or dramatic presentation . i guess given the time of production it was a mix of all three .  br    br   admittedly the dramatic plot was somewhat predictable . but you had a sense that there would be some interesting scenes as the movie went on . we were able to witness what appeared to be realistic training regimens and equipment .  br    br   where this movie came together for me was closer to the end . the scenes had a realism  at least as i perceived it  that i haven  t encountered often before . you could place yourself in the action and imagine the thoughts of the young combatants . this was mixed in with the usual problems of portraying passable japanese soldiers at a time when you might think real japanese actors would be somewhat scarce .  br    br   the movie is excellent as a source of the state of the american mindset in     as the war waged with japan . also of interest was a dig at the japanese with respect to the help the usa gave japan in past years .  
there were a lot of films made by hollywood during the war years that were designed to drum up support for our troops from the public . seen today  some might dismiss them or just see them as propaganda   which they technically are  but of a positive sort and meant to unify the nation . this film is a pretty effective and entertaining example of the genre   having a pretty realistic script and good production values . pat o  brien plays pretty much the same character he played in many other films  you know  the tough  talking  hard  driven but  swell guy   . randolph scott is  as always  competent and entertaining and the rest of the extras are excellent  look for a young robert ryan as one of the bombardiers in training  . while the story is reminiscent of several other movies about our pilots and crews  the film is well  crafted enough to make it interesting and not too far  fetched . that it  perhaps  except for the very end   where the film is a bit over  the  top but also very satisfying . about the only serious negative  and this is mostly for nitpickers  is that some of the stock footage is somewhat sloppily integrated in the film and  nuts  like me who are both history teachers and airplane lovers will probably notice this   all others probably won  t notice .  
i enjoyed watching cliffhanger  at the beginning when that woman  sarah  was full of terror when she was slipping  i thought that was a terrifying scene as i would think that when you see that see  your nerves in your body get to you because it makes you get full of fright and your heart beats faster . i did like watching cliffhanger  i think silvestar stallone is a great actor and i think he  ll be known as playing rambo and rocky .  
this movie is directed by renny harlin the finnish miracle . stallone is gabe walker . cat and mouse on the mountains with ruthless terrorists . renny harlin knows how to direct actionmovie . stallone needed this role to get back on track . snowy mountain is very good place for action movie and who is better to direct movie where is snow  ice  cold and bad weather than finnish man . action is good  music in the film is spectacular . the bad guy is john litghow  other stars micheal rooker  the portrait of serialkiller   janine turner  strong medicine  . the is placed in beautiful place and it is very exciting movie . overall good movie     br    br   remember extreme lit special collectors edition  with good extras . comig soon in finland straight to video .  
good action show  but nothing new . this one took place high in the mountains  which showed some nice scenery and such . one man takes on a group of mercenaries  the lead flies  and he kicks butt . it could have been called  rambo goes to the rockies   it was that pat . it did have one very effective scene right at the first of the film which had me cringing in horror . not a bad picture  but just same ol   same ol  .  
this movie set out to be better than the average action movie and in that regard they succeeded . this movie had spectacular cinematography featuring spectacular mountain snow and heights  a very fit stallone putting in a good performance as well  an exciting plot  and a great performance from it  s main villain becouse he will really shock you with his evil ways . the movie does not rank an all time great becouse of the weak screen play . the plot and story cries for this movie to make stallone an extra special human  much like the rambo or rocky or bond movie characters . they chose to humanise stallone  s character in this one which is ok but considering the plot  s style  weakens the excitement factor . also  the dialogue was cheesy and carelessly condescending at times . the script should have been more realistic and less  talky  . another weak point was the unrealistic shooting scenes . the movie makers should have been more carefull how they hadled the shooting hits and misses . they should have continued the quality of the scenes of the shooting sequences during the plane hijacking early in the movie . instead  they decided to water down a lot of the shooting sequences  ala  a  team  tv series  as soon as the villains set foot on the mountain tops . this movie had a lot of all time great potential . crisper action sequences  better dialogue and more rambo  rocky style emotion  determination from stallone would have taken this movie to a higher level . i know this was not stallone  s fault . i sense the movie  s director wanted to tone down stallone  s character and try to steal the movie by taking credit for his direction which was not all that great if not for his cinematographer . sill a good movie though . . . . . . . .  
this movie is really nerve racking cliffhangin movie  stallone was good as always  michael rooker put on a surprising performance and john lithgow play a excellent villain  the music is fantastic especially the theme  the movie is action packed and never dull  if you are a stallone fan then watch cliffhanger  you won  t be disappointed   
cliffhanger is what appears to be slyvester stallone  s last action movie before he became such an underrated actor . it  s about a mountain climber that must help his friend after being held hostage by mercenaries that want them to find three suitcases carrying money over    million dollars . it has great action sequence  s  edge of your seat fun and a great time at the movies .  
while the prices have gone up a lot  and some of the details have become dated  any homeowner who  s struggled with problems of homeownership should get a lot of chuckles out of this movie . i know i did .  br    br   mr . blandings  a new york ad executive  decides to move his family to the connecticut suburbs and build himself a nice house there . he gets into one hilarious jam after another  from mortgages to lawsuits to construction difficulties  as the costs and schedule of the construction keep escalating out of control . i thought that the funniest scenes were where blandings hires a contractor to dig a well for water . they dig down hundreds of feet  but never find water . yet only a short distance away  a few days later  the basement of his house  to  be floods   br    br   cary grant and myrna loy give believable performances as the harried blandings couple overwhelmed by problems they never imagined  and melvyn douglas is even better as blanding  s lawyer and family friend .  br    br   the only caveat is that social attitudes have changed a lot since     . mrs . blandings is portrayed as a bit of a naive dimbulb who has no idea how much additional trouble she  s causing  and there  s a black maid  horrors   . so don  t watch this movie through the social lens of      and you  ll enjoy it all the more .  br    br    
after the unexpected accident that killed an inexperienced climber  michelle joyner  . eight months has passed . . . the rocky mountain rescue receive a distress call set by a brilliant terrorist mastermind eric quaien  john lithgow  . quaien has lost three large cases that has millions of dollars inside . two experienced climbers walker  sylvester stallone  and tucker  micheal rooker  and a helicopter pilot  janine turner  are to the rescue but they are set by a trap by quaien and his men . now the two climbers and pilot are forced to play a deadly game of hide and seek . while quaien is trying to find the millions of dollars and he kidnapped tucker to find the money . once tucker finds the money  tucker will be dead . against explosive firepower  bitter cold and dizzying heights . walker must outwit quaien for survival .  br    br   directed by renny harlin  driven  mindhunters  a nightmare on elm street  the dream master  made an entertaining non  stop action picture . this film is a spectacular  exciting  visually exciting action picture with plenty of dark humour as well . this was one of the biggest hits of     . this is one of harlin  s best film . lithgow is a terrific entertaining villain . stallone certainly made an short comeback of this sharp thriller . this is probably harlin  s best work as a filmmaker .  br    br   dvd has an sharp anamorphic widescreen   .      transfer and an terrific  dolby digital  .  surround sound . dvd has an running commentary track by the director with comments by stallone . dvd also has technical crew commentary as well . dvd has behind the scenes featurette  two deleted scenes with introduction by the director and more . do not miss this great action film . screenplay by micheal france  fantastic four  and actorstallone  the rocky series  . based on a premise by john long . excellent cinematography by alex thomson  b . s . c .  alien  demolition man  legend  . oscar nominated for best sound  best sound editing and best visual effects . panavision .      .  
after the success of die hard and it  s sequels it  s no surprise really that in the     s  a glut of  die hard on a . . . . .  movies cashed in on the wrong guy  wrong place  wrong time concept . that is what they did with cliffhanger  die hard on a mountain just in time to rescue sly  stop or my mom will shoot  stallone  s career .  br    br   cliffhanger is one big nit  pickers dream  especially to those who are expert at mountain climbing  base  jumping  aviation  facial expressions  acting skills . all in all it  s full of excuses to dismiss the film as one overblown pile of junk . stallone even managed to get out  acted by a horse  however  if you an forget all the nonsense  it  s actually a very lovable and undeniably entertaining romp that delivers as plenty of thrills  and unintentionally  plenty of laughs .  br    br   you  ve got to love john lithgows sneery evilness  his tick every box band of baddies  and best of all  the permanently harassed and hapless  turncoat  agent  rex linn as travers .  br    br   he may of been henry in  portrait of a serial killer  but michael rooker is noteworthy for a cringe  worthy performance as hal  he insists on constantly shrieking in painful disbelief at his captors  that man never hurt anybody  and whilst he surely can  t be  it really does look like ralph waite  s frank character is grinning as the girl plummets to her death .  br    br   mention too must go to former  london  s burning  actor craig fairbrass as the brit bad guy  who comes a cropper whilst using hal as a human football  yes  you can  t help enjoy that bit  hal needed a good kicking .  br    br   so forget your better judgement  who cares if  that could never happen   lower your acting expectations  turn up the volume and enjoy  and if you  re looking for qaulen  he  s the one wearing the helicopter .  
forget credibility  br    br   you must not expect credibility with action movies where the superhero has to perform an endless string of unbelievable feats  being trodden upon in the process but recovering at lightning speed  and transforming innocuous gadgets in lethal weapons . . . especially when renny harlin is directing .  br    br    cliffhanger  is no exception . but the movie has numerous assets  breathtaking scenery gorgeously photographed  stunning special and visual effects  the first five minutes are gripping and give the tone of the film   excellent musical score  welcome attempts at levity to relieve some of the tension  and a solid cast  two heroes  stallone  star and cowriter  has the lion  s share of the footage  but the excellent michael rooker more than stands his ground   a charming heroin  janine turner   and one of the most darstardy bunch of villains ever  priceless john lithgow and deceivingly feminine caroline goodall  but also rex linn  in a longer than usual part and who makes the most of it  leon  craig fairbrass  good  solid entertainment then  if no credibility . as roger ebert wrote  about another film   it  s the kind of movie you can sit back and enjoy as long as you don  t make the mistake of thinking too much .   br    br    
the selection of sylvester stallone to perform the protagonist by renny harlin is commendable since stallone is that sort of tough and craggy person who had earlier rendered the requisite audaciously versatile aura to the characters of rocky balbao and rambo . but to compare die hard series with cliffhanger is a far  fetched notion .  br    br   the excellently crafted opening scene introduces the audience to the thrill  suspense and intrigue which is going to engulf them in the ensuing bloody and perilous encounter with the outlaws . the heist and the high altitude transfer of hard cash in suit cases from one plane to the other is something not filmed before .  br    br   the biting cold of the snow capped alps and the unfolding deceit and treachery among the antagonist forces makes one shiver with trepidation . the forces of awesome adventure and ruthless murder kicks the drama through to the end .  br    br   good movies are not made every year and people don  t get a feast for eyes to watch every now and then . apart from the filthy language  parlance which endows brazen excitement during certain scenes  the movie can be regarded as one that is not going to fade its captivating appeal even watching it after so many years .  
this movie is just great . it  s entertaining from beginning to the end  you  re always gonna be at the edge of your seat throughout the entire movie . in my opinion this movie is highly underrated by the critics .  br    br   sly suits perfectly into the role of the well trained mountain  rescue guy gabe walker . together with him michael rooker makes a great appearance as hal tucker . and then  john lithgow  one of the best performances i  ve seen of him as a villain .  br    br   and the fact that    of the movie takes place at a mountain with a whole lot of bad guys on it makes way for a lot of action   br    br   brilliant movie   
cliffhanger is a decent action crime adventure with some flaws from director renny harlin whose admirable in making this movie about an expert climber who finds himself taken hostage with a fellow friend by a gang of dangerous criminals on the search for suit cases full of stolen cash in the rocky mountains . sylvester stallone is impressive as gabe walker the expert climber especially in the action  fight sequences but some of them definitely border on the line of unrealistic . for the sake of the film though i willing to suspend my disbelief . the rest of the cast including john lithgow  michael rooker  janine turner  rex linn  caroline goodall  and leon are respectable as the supporting characters in the movie . the action  fight sequences are well executed but as mentioned before some aren  t very realistic no matter how tough you are . the climbing sequences however are very well done because instead of doing the whole film in a studio somewhere the locations they chose felt very real and the ariel views of the mountain ranges are marvelous adding a touch of reality to the movie . the deaths are inventive while others are sort of predictable . the villains are solid but it would  ve been better if they had focused on a more central one instead of having many of them . the pacing of the movie was a little slow but the good outweighs the bad in this one . if you  re a big fan of harlins or stallone  s than chances are you  ll enjoy this one too . overall cliffhanger has character development with enough action  drama  some suspense  excitement  thrills  and good performances by the cast who make this movie worth the time to watch .  
was this based on a comic  book  a video  game  a drawing by a  year  old   br    br   there is nothing in this movie to be taken seriously at all not the characters  not the dialog  not the plot  not the action . nothing . we have high  tech international terrorists  criminals who bicker like pre  school kids  stallone  s man  of  steel  type resilience towards ice  cold weather  dialog so dumb that it  s sometimes almost hilarious  and so on . even the codename that the bad guys use is dumb   tango  tango   . a film that entertains through some suspense  good action  sequences  and a nice snowy mountainous setting . oh  yes and the unintentional humour .  br    br   the film opens with some truly bad and unconvincing gay banter between our go  lucky and happy characters who are obviously having a  swell  time . then comes a sweat  inducing failed  rescue part  which should make anyone with fear  of  heights problems want to pull their hair out . and then we have some more bad dialog  and after that some more great action . this is the rhythm of the film in a nutshell .  br    br   stallone  s melodramatic exchange with turner  when they meet after a long time  is so soapy  so clichd  so fake  and so bad that it should force a chuckle out of any self  respecting viewer . soon after this display of awful dialog  writing  we are witnesses to a spectacular and excellently shot hijack of an airplane . the entire action is one big absurdity  but it  s mindless fun at its best . although the rest of the action is exciting and fun  the airplane scenes are truly the highlight of the film . after the landing  our master  criminals seek for a guide and end up with stallone and rooker . they send stallone to fetch the first case of money  but somehow they do everything to make it as difficult as possible for him to reach it they take most of his clothes off  so he can freeze  and they won  t give him the equipment he needs  so he can fall off  . do these gangsters want their money fetched or not    very silly . apparently they don  t trust stallone  but surely they know that they can always black  mail him by using rooker as a hostage . nevertheless  our gangsters make stallone  s climb difficult  if for no logical reasons then to at least show us how truly evil they are  lest there be any doubts . and for those who might still doubt how evil the bad guys are  they overact  brag  and snicker in a truly evil manner . everyone convinced  good . you  d better be . otherwise the writers will throw in a mass execution of twenty school children  just to make sure that the evilness of the bad guys is crystal  clear to everyone .  br    br   the old guy who flies the chopper . . . how the hell did he fall for the trap  firstly  he must have been warned by the mtv airhead about the criminals  and secondly  he must have heard stallone  s and rooker  s voices on the walkie  talkies . a whole bunch of idiotic verbal exchanges take place  with lithgow having the questionable honour of getting most of the silly lines .  get off my back   lithgow  i haven  t even started climbing on your back .  or  lithgow to stallone  we had a deal  but now we only have each other   and as for lithgow  s gang of murderers these guys never seem to want to kill immediately . they are very creative about it they philosophize  pretend that they are playing football with your body  and so on .  br    br   stallone co  wrote this thing . i have no idea what drugs he was on when he did it . i  d hate to think the script is this bad because of a low i . q .  
since i first saw this in the theater it has been my favorite . since then i  ve seen it countless times and i never get tired of it . the setting has a lot to do with it  the colorado i know would be jealous   but the storyline is original and i liked how it used small town mountain folk as the heroes . there has not been a movie i can compare this too . john lithgow plays a smart villain  but i love how he is completely out of his element   he has to follow tucker around and that  s what keeps it interesting . this is an action movie at it  s best . i don  t think i  ll see another that is so entertaining .  br    br   you don  t need       rounds fired to qualify as an action movie . it just has to keep you captivated  not shell  shocked .  
to be honest  i didn  t like that much this movie when i saw it for the first time . but i guess the trouble is that i haven  t seen it in a theater . big mistake  because the   thing to see in cliffhanger is the settings and   is the cinematography . try to see this movie on the largest tv possible and a great sound system . the music is good and puts the movie to a higher level  and a commercial potential  . the more i see it  the more i like it .  br    br   it  s definitely one of renny harlin  s best movie . this guy knows about action . die hard   the long kiss good bye  etc . and it  s particularly good in this movie . the special effect are great and spectacular . stallone really needed that movie get back with success . still good to see him   
i  m far from a sylvester stallone fan and i guess the only time i really appreciated his appearance was in the french movie taxi   which is an almost inexistent small role . and yet i must admit that this movie was actually not that bad  even though i feared the worst .  br    br   when gabe  stallone  fails to rescue the girlfriend of one of his friends and she plunges to her death from a     feet high mountain top  he can  t possibly force himself to keep working as a mountain ranger . for almost a year he doesn  t set a food in the reserve  but than he returns . soon after he  s back  they get an emergency call from a group of hikers who got trapped in a snow storm . at least  that  s what the rangers believe . in reality it is a group of robbers who crashed with their airplane in the mountains after their daring plan to steal cases full of money from a flying government plane failed . the cases are spread all over the reserve and they need the help of professional climbers to retrieve them . . .  br    br   this is of course not one of the most intelligent movies ever  but in its genre it  s an enjoyable one . i especially enjoyed john lithgow as the evil master mind and leader of the gang of robbers . i know him best from the tv  series   rd rock from the sun   but i enjoyed his performance in this movie as well . overall the acting is ok  it had a lot of action to offer and of course also some one  liners  but it also offered a very nice decor . this movie was filmed in a magnificent natural environment . i loved the snowy mountains and valleys  the mountain rivers and the forests . . . perhaps that  s why i give this movie a score higher than what i normally give to an action  adventure movie of this kind . i give it a  .     . if you don  t expect too much  this is an enjoyable movie .  
in manhattan  the american middle class jim blandings  cary grant  lives with his wife muriel  myrna loy  and two teenage daughters in a four bedroom and one bathroom only leased apartment . jim works in an advertising agency raising us       .   a year and feels uncomfortable in his apartment due to the lack of space . when he sees an advertisement of a huge house for sale in the country of connecticut for an affordable price  he drives with his wife and the real estate agent and decides to buy the old house without any technical advice . his best friend and lawyer bill cole  melvyn douglas  sends an acquaintance engineer to inspect the house  and the man tells that he should put down the house and build another one . jim checks the information with other engineers and all of them condemn the place and sooner he finds that he bought a  money pit  instead of a dream house .  br    br    mr . blandings builds his own house  is an extremely funny comedy  with witty lines and top  notch screenplay . cary grant is hilarious in the role of a man moved by the impulse of accomplishing with the american dream of owning a huge house that finds that made bad choice  while losing his touch in his work and feeling jealous of his friend . in      tom hanks worked in a very funny movie visibly inspired in this delightful classic   the money pit  . my vote is eight .  br    br   title  brazil    lar  meu tormento    home  my torment    
watching cliffhanger makes me nostalgic for the early    s  a time when virtually every new action movie could be described as  die hard in a  on a .  cliffhanger is  die hard on a mountain   and pretty good  for what it is .  br    br   but unlike passenger   and under siege  which are decent die hard clones on their own terms  cliffhanger dispenses with the enclosed feeling of many action movies and embraces breathtaking landscapes that  in their immensity  threaten to overwhelm and trivialize the conflicts of the people fighting and dying among the peaks .  br    br   years before other movies like a simple plan and fargo dramatized crime and murder on snowbound locations  cliffhanger director renny harlin recognized the visual impact of juxtaposing brutal violence and grim struggles to survive against cold and indifferent natural surroundings .  br    br   the opening sequence has already received substantial praise  all of which it deserves its intensity allows us to forget the artifice of the camera and the actors and simply believe that what we are seeing is actually happening . not even harlin  s shot of the falling stuffed animal  which is powerfully effective but still threatens to become too much of a joke  and which he repeated in deep blue sea   or the ridiculous expression on ralph waite  s face  can dim the sequence  s power .  br    br   the next impressive set  piece is the gunfight and heist aboard the jet . as written by stallone and michael france and directed by harlin  the audience is plunged into the action by not initially knowing which agents are involved in the theft and which are not the bloody double  crosses are completely unexpected . as roger ebert has observed  the stuntman who made the mid  air transfer between the planes deserves some special recognition .  br    br   later  during the avalanche sequence  one of the terrorists  thieves appears to be actually falling as the wall of snow carries him down the mountain . so far as i know  no one was killed in the making of this movie  a small miracle  considering the extreme nature of some of the stunts   so obviously a dummy was used for the shot . but the shot itself remains impressive because we  re left wondering how harlin  or more likely one of the second  unit directors  knew exactly where to place the camera .  br    br   i  ll take sly stallone as my action hero any day of the week  because he  s one of the few movie stars i  ve ever seen who  s completely convincing as someone who can withstand a lot of physical and emotional pain  and at the same time actually feels that pain . the role of gabe walker really complements stallone  s acting strengths he plays an older  more vulnerable kind of action hero  giving an impressively low  key performance as a mountain rescuer who must redeem himself .  br    br   in contrast to many of today  s post  matrix  comic book  inspired action heroes  stallone  s walker is an ordinary man who becomes a hero without any paranormal or computer  enhanced abilities . in cliffhanger  the hero almost freezes to death  and his clothes start to show big tears as he barely escapes one dangerous situation after another . he winces when he  s hit and bleeds when he  s cut  particularly in the cavern sequence when he takes a rocky  style pummeling from one of the mad  dog villains .  br    br   it should be noted that the utterly despicable villains really contribute to the movie  s effectiveness when i first saw this movie as a teenager  i was rooting for the good guys every step of the way and anticipating when another bad guy would bite the dust  or rather  the ice   at one point i actually cheered as one of the most cold  blooded characters in the movie deservedly suffered a violent demise .  br    br   lithgow  s british accent is as unconvincing as the movie  s occasional model plane or model helicopter  but he  s fundamentally a good actor  and one of the few who can perfectly recite silly dialogue in one scene  looking at his hostages stallone and rooker  trying to decide which tasks to give them  he actually says  you  stay  you  fetch   even a better actor  such as anthony hopkins  might have had trouble with that line .  br    br   even if cliffhanger occasionally tosses credibility aside  it does so only for the sake of a more entertaining show .  br    br   early in the movie  for example  lithgow openly says to one of his men  retire stallone when he comes down .  no real criminal mastermind would have made this mistake even unconsciously his carelessness allows rooker to shout a warning up to sly on the rock face  and this precipitates a gripping tug  of  war between stallone and the bad guys trying to pull him down by the rope tied to his leg .  br    br   lithgow could have given his order by a more subtle means  but the sequence might not have been as much fun to watch if it hadn  t given rooker an opportunity to openly defy the arrogance of his captor .  br    br   done very much in the style of a saturday matinee serial or  at times  a western  cliffhanger is built on such a solid foundation that it survives some weak elements that would have undermined a lesser film .  br    br   besides the painfully obvious aircraft models mentioned before  the weak moments include a couple of scenes shot on cheap indoor sets with really fake snow  as well as two other scenes involving bats and wolves that seem unnecessary in an already action  packed narrative . finally  harlin  s decision to film some of the death scenes in slow motion seems pointless  since the technique contributes nothing to the scenes .  br    br   it  s a shame that stallone is now too old for action movies  because his character in this movie seems so credible that inevitably i wonder what he would be like years later . but perhaps it  s best that cliffhanger stands on its own for all time  without a sequel there are enough tired and obsolete movie franchises already . there was an unofficial sequel that called itself vertical limit compared to that clinker  cliffhanger belongs on the imdb  s top    list .  br    br   rating   very good  especially considering most of stallone  s other movies .   
sly  s best out and out action film . it is a superbly enjoyable movie with some interesting characters  solid performances and renny harlins direction is stylishly assured . stallone is rarely this interesting in his action films and he certainly looks the part in terms of the action scenes . this was one of the best action films of the year and one of the most thrilling and enjoyable of the    s  a definite genre classic . as a stallone fan this is one i look back on with fond memories . plenty of superb action and sly in prime action man form . action lovers appreciate this film because it has all the hallmarks that make a good aciton film . the film looks great and there is great support from janine turner  michael rooker and john lithgow .   
wracked with guilt after a lot of things felt apart on that ledge  an ace mountain rescue climber gabriel walker  stallone  comes back for his girlfriend jessie  janine turner   while over the cloudy skies where the weather looks a bit threatening  a spectacularly precarious mid  air hijacking goes wrong and     million taken from a treasury department plane get lost in the middle of nowhere followed by a crash landing  br    br   stranded off the snowy peaks  and needing mountain guides to win back the stolen cash  the high  trained hikers make an emergency call asking the help of a rescue unit  br    br   unfortunately  gab and hall  michael rooker  have to team up to arrive at the scene of the crash unaware that the distress call was a fake  and a bunch of merciless terrorists led by a psychotic  john lithgow   are waiting for them only to find out a way off the stormy mountain with the dumped cases of money  br    br   with breathtaking shots  vertiginous scenery  dizzying heights  perilous climbs  freezing temperatures   cliffhanger  is definitely stallone  s best action adventure movie  
i don  t think i  ll ever understand the hate for renny harlin .  die hard   was cool  and he gave the world  cliffhanger   one of the most awesome action movies ever . that  s right  you little punks   cliffhanger  rules  and we all know it .  br    br   sly plays gabe walker  a former rescue climber who is  just visiting  his old town when he is asked to help a former friend  hal tucker  michael rooker   assist in a rescue on a mountain peak . walker obviously came back at a convenient time  because the stranded people are actually a sophisticated team of thieves led by eric qualen  john lithgow  . qualen  co . have lost a whole lot of money they stole from the u . s . government somewhere in the rocky mountains and they really would like it back . . .  br    br   essentially   cliffhanger  is another  die hard  clone . just trade in the confines of nakatomi plaza to the open mountain ranges of the rocky mountains  complete with scenes created to point out the weaknesses of our hero and keep him mortal . naturally  that set up is totally ripped to shreds soon enough  as stallone  s character avoids quite a large number of bullets with ease  and slams face  first into several rock faces with no apparent side  effects . after all  isn  t that what action movies are all about   br    br    cliffhanger  is one of the most exciting action movies around . a showcase of great scenes and stunts . one of the early stunts is one of the best stunts i  ve ever seen in a movie  and while the rest of the movie does not get any better than it did at the beginning  it maintains its action awesomeness . john lithgow  s lead villain is entertaining  and one bad dude . quite possibly one of the coolest lead villains ever .  br    br    cliffhanger  is easily one of stallone  s best efforts  definitely renny harlin  s best effort  and a very exciting action movie       
eric valette is obviously a talented film  maker  and so are the two guys who wrote the script . therefore malfique is a great flick  made with just a few bucks but also tons of imagination . well  i  m a bit exaggerating  but nevertheless i  m sincere . so  if you like dark  gory movies  go and see this one . it  s really worth it .  
four prisoners share a single cell the domineering transvestite  marcus  clovis cornillac   marcus  s idiot savant buddy  paquerette  dimitri rataud   who will eat anything in sight including pocket watches  cockroaches  and his little sister lassalle  philippe laudenbach   the intelligent librarian who murdered his wife and carrre  grald laroche   the new guy who was caught up in corporate fraud and is now focused on escaping . after a brick falls from the wall of the cell  the men discover the hidden journal written by a  fountain of youth   obsessed serial killer who occupied the cell in the     s . is this journal the secret to their escape  or is there something much more sinister behind it   br    br   i was a little weary about getting into this film because the only other experience i have with eric valette was the dreadful one missed call        which i consider to be the worst theatrically released film i  ve ever seen . however  much of what was wrong with one missed call could probably be attributed to klavan  s awful script  because  as i remember  valette  s direction wasn  t the worst part about the film  unless he chose to include the baby  . anyway  malfique was a good way to get my respect back . . . it  s a french film  obviously something i like  and it takes place in prison  which is my second favourite horror setting after asylums  . so that  s two points for him before the film even starts . luckily  valette had me once the film ended as well . malfique is a rather deep  rather complex  rather compelling story of obsession and desperation . . . the desire and need to bring fantasies to reality . while it  s not a terrifying film in the traditional sense  the oddity of its power makes it pretty damn frightening . the period between the climax and conclusion was some of the best film i  ve seen in quite some time and i would wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a decent psychological thriller with some pretty cool gore .  br    br   final verdict  .     . quite a bit of respect earned back by valette .  br    br   note paramount picked up the rights to make an american remake  surprise surprise  . it  s due out in     . i  m not sure why  to be honest  as this doesn  t seem like something that would be a big moneymaker here in the states . but  i  ve been surprised before .  br    br   vive la france   br    br    ap    
a prison cell . four prisoners  carrere  a young company director accused of fraud    year old transsexual in the process of his transformation  daisy  a   year  old mentally challenged idiot savant and lassalle  a   year  old intellectual who murdered his wife . behind a stone slab in the cell  mysteriously pulled loose  they discovered a bookthe diary of a former prisoner  danvers  who occupied the cell at the beginning of the century . the diary contains magic formulas that supposedly enable prisoners to escape .  malefique  is one of the creepiest and most intelligent horror films i have seen this year . the film has a grimy  shadowy feel influenced by the works of h . p . lovecraft  which makes for a very creepy and unsettling atmosphere . there is a fair amount of gore involved with some imaginative and brutal death scenes and the characters of four prisoners are surprisingly well  developed . it  s a shame that eric valette made truly horrible remake of  one missed call  after his stunning debut .  out of   .  
now  i know french inmates are unlikely to have read lovecraft  and that proves my point that his writings should be taught in school  maybe as a separate subject   but how did they think something that sounds like  ftagn yog sototh  could possibly lead to any good   br    br   the movie takes place in a prison where four very unlikely cell mates stumble upon a magical book that may  if read right  get them out . as prisons go  the cell was totally unrealistic  so that made it hard for me to get into the atmosphere of things . it also moves rather slowly  which may bore people . but other than that  this is top notch horror feeling  mixing sartre  s  hell is other people  with a lovecraft  barker type of story  and doing rather successfully .  br    br   bottom line take the time to watch this . that means not doing it when you are about to go to work or to sleep or while doing something else . this is a movie that works best if you are immersed into it . lessons to be learned yog is bad  almost as bad as french women .  
i was hooked from beginning to end . great horror comes from disturbing imagery and organic shocks that are created not to make you jump  but to make you go  what the fck did i just see   all the other commentators gave short summaries of what the film is about  so i won  t rehash what has already been said . i was telling other people about this movie days after i had seen it just because it still haunted me . i even had a bad dream after seeing it  and i am a true horror fan  not easily spooked by tripe like  the grudge  or even  silent hill  . what gave me the bad dreams was the unease i felt about what i would do if i were in that cell with those guys . what would my personal horror be  my subconscious took me there  and it was not pleasant . that my friends is what a good horror flick does to you  the best part of this movie is that it is subtle . it  s not about bogeymen that jump out at you  alien invasions  or tons of gore . it  s the opposite . the horror you create in your own mind . the irony for the four characters is that the horror comes not from an external force that asserts it  s power over them . simply  the men ask for the one thing they desire  and they get it . . . but not in the way they imagined . so on the one hand  they get what they wish for from an occult book  but may ultimately wish they hadn  t . sometimes being locked in a jail cell is the best place to be   
now this is what i  d call a good horror . with occult  supernatural undertones  this nice low  budget french movie caught my attention from the very first scene . this proves you don  t need wild fx or lots of gore to make an effective horror movie .  br    br   the plot revolves around  cellmates in a prison  and each of these characters  and their motives  become gradually more interesting  as the movie builds up tension to the finale . most of the action we see through the eyes of carrere  who has just entered prison and has to get used to living with these  other inmates .  br    br   i won  t say much because this movie really deserves to be more widely seen . there a few flaws though the fx are not that good  but they  re used effectively the plot leaves some mysteries open and things get very confusing towards the end  but malefique redeems itself by the time it  s over .  br    br   i thought his was a very good movie       
this film has some of the greatest comedic dialog and memorable quotes ever assembled in one film  the plot is somewhat lacking  but the delightful quips are enough to make up the difference . this is a timeless movie for all ages that is sure to please . as a cinematic art form it is highly entertaining and with major stars like cary grant  myrna loy  and melvyn douglas . . . how could you go wrong   br    br   comedic dialog and timeing such as this has long been undervalued  and is very difficult to imitate . a good example of this is seen in the     knockoff of this film the money pit  with tom hanks and shelley long . despite the talent and physical comedy of these stars  the film dragged and received poor reviews and viewer comments . achieving true comedic dialog is an art .  
watched this french horror film last night and pretty much liked it . the whole movie takes place in a prison cell with basically three prisoners who find a hand written journal in a wall from a serial killer that had escaped the prison   years earlier  somehow without leaving his cell . as they look through the diary  they discover it delves into the black arts and commands that might be their way out of the cell and to freedom . what they find out  is something completely different  and horrifying to say the least . i like low  budget horror films  that deliver the goods in a fairly quality way  and tell a good story . this movie does just that  despite taking a while to get going . the result and the horror they unleash is very interesting to me  and i enjoyed the ride . not a lot of gore  but that wouldn  t fit the story  although the gore it has is pretty good .  
this film centers on four criminals  locked away in a prison who desire escape from their cell  hoping that a mysterious book of black magic  penned by a former inmate around      named danvers who wanted to use spells to keep his skin young .  br    br   carrre  s  grald laroche  criminal business tactics  shortcuts  have landed him in prison with three oddball cell  mates . . a transsexual brute marcus  clovis cornillac   marcus  love  toy pquerette  dimitri rataud  who eats objects he touches  . . and is in prison for eating his six  month old sister  and obeys his charge as if  he  were his mother  and the scholarly lassalle  philippe laudenbach  who doesn  t read  or eat breakfast  . . the latter being that he murdered his wife during that time of the day  . the film follows carrre as he reads from the book  attempting to understand it  s meanings hoping to find an exit from his prison . carrre loves his child  and for a while believes his wife will get him out early on bail . when she betrays him  carrre begins to slowly seethe with hate  and longing to see and hold his beloved son . carrre  s toughest critic is marcus  who longs to be fully female  while still folding to several masculine traits  such as working out and taking a leak standing up . he talks tough and uses his muscle as a type of fear tactic  although deep inside is a world of vulnerability . pquerette is completely under marcus  control and behaves like a canine to it  s master . . there  s even an alarming scene where pquerette breast  feeds from marcus  lassalle is an unraveling mystery  opening up for us to slowly understand his ulterior motives and what lies within his possibly sinister brain . clearly intellectual  and holding possible secrets from the others  lassalle is actually the one who keeps the motivation of pursuing the secrets of the book going . soon  those who aren  t a threat to the book seek their  true  escape  not as much from the cell of four walls  but the cell that imprisons their true desires . after a certain murder  the book is thrown from the room with a very fascinating character entering the film with a camcorder as if he were a new occupant . . who is this person and how does he understand the power of a book tosses away  and better yet  how to use it  a constant in this film is each of the prisoners often seen throughout looking out their window into the world just out of reach .  br    br   i  m glad i had a chance to watch this film . it does play out like  monkey  s paw   the characters get what they desire  but a price must be met . there  s gore in the film  startling moments of graphic violence  but  in my opinion  this is first and foremost a story  driven tale . the gore is a product of what the book unleashes . one of the group gets his limbs twisted while suspended in the air  while a grisly opening act displays the carnage left in the wake of one man  s desire . we see danver  s fate at the end  with a magnificent special effects sequence regarding an infant melting away . lassalle  s fate is a masterful effects sequence . i will say that malfique  through eric valette  s well paced direction  always kept my attention  and  for being such an isolated movie  . . about    of the film takes place in a singular location  the prison cell  it never seems to drag . i guess that  s a testament to interesting actors and fascinating characterizations  not to mention a compelling story using the supernatural to drive them .  
in a penitentiary  four prisoners occupy a cell carrre  grald laroche   who used his company to commit a fraud and was betrayed by his wife the drag lassalle  philippe laudenbach  and his protge  the retarded pquerette  dimitri rataud   who ate his six months sister and the intellectual marcus  clovis cornillac   who killed his wife . one night  carrre finds an ancient journal hidden in a hole in the wall of the cell . they realize that the book was written by danvers  geoffrey carey  in the beginning of the last century and is about black magic . they decide to read and use its content to escape from the prison  when they find the truth about danvers  fate .  malfique  is an original  intriguing and claustrophobic french low  budget horror movie . the story is practically in the same location  does not have any clichs and hooks the attention of the viewer until the last scene . i am a great fan of french cinema  usually romances  dramas and police stories  but i noted that recently i have seen some good french horror movies  such as  un jeu d  enfants    belphegor  and  dead end  . my vote is seven .  br    br   title  brazil    sinais do mal    signs of the evil    
malefique pretty much has the viewer from start to finish with its edgy atmosphere . nearly the whole movie is set in a prison cell revolving around  characters of which transvestite marcus and his little retarded boy are way out the strangest . soon the inmates find a diary of a previous inmate behind a brick which deals with his obsession of occult and black magic themes leading to his escape from the cell . from here on everything deals with uncovering the secret of the book and its spells to flee from prison . that leads to some accidents on the way out of the cell into the unknown light .  br    br   honestly i think the story is rather poor and the final twist is nice but to me the ends are pretty loosely tied together . anyway i was thrilled until the last moment because the atmosphere of the movie is unique with minimal setting and cast . the kills are raw and eerie . . . its doesn  t take gore to chill your spine and the occult themes are also done very well and reminded me of the hell themes in hellraiser . malefique has a claustrophobic and cold dirty feel with greenish tint . at times you wonder if the real or the occult world depicted here is stranger . . . when the retarded boy looses his fingers and is lulled to sleep sucking on marcus breasts it seems normal  so how strange can glowing gates to freedom be  with its budget the movie creates a unique atmosphere and chills the viewer in a very different way than most of the genre shockers do . i just wish the story had led to a more consistent finale . several elements like the visitor with the camera  the other inmates obsession with books and the toy doll vaguely pointing to the end don  t fit tight in the story . anyway  i  ll keep my eyes open for other movies from director valette  although its a turn  off to see he  s is doing a hollywood remake of  one missed call  which was worn off and useless already in the miike  version .  
good horror movies from france are quite rare  and it  s fairly easy to see why  whenever a talented young filmmaker releases a staggering new film  he emigrates towards glorious hollywood immediately after to directed the big  budgeted remake of another great film classic  how can france possibly build up a solid horror reputation when their prodigy  directors leave the country after just one film   haute tension  was a fantastic movie and it earned director alexandre aja a  one  way   ticket to the states to remake  the hills have eyes   which he did terrifically  i may add  . eric valette  s long  feature debut  malfique  was a very promising and engaging horror picture too  and he  s already off to the hollywood as well to direct the remake of takashi miike  s ghost  story hit  one missed call  . so there you have it  two very gifted frenchmen that aren  t likely to make any more film in their native country some time soon .  malfique  is a simple but efficient chiller that requires some patience due to its slow start  but once the plot properly develops  it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of marvelous special effects . the film almost entirely takes place in one single location and only introduces four characters . we  re inside a ramshackle french prison cell with four occupants . the new arrival is a businessman sentenced to do time for fraud  the elderly and  wise  inmate sadistically killed his wife and then there  s a crazy transvestite and a mentally handicapped boy to complete the odd foursome . they find an ancient journal inside the wall of their cell  belonging to a sick murderer in the      s who specialized in black magic rites and supernatural ways to escape . the four inmates begin to prepare their own escaping plan using the bizarre formulas of the book  only to realize the occult is something you shouldn  t mess with eric valette dedicates oceans of time to the character drawings of the four protagonists  which occasionally results in redundant and tedious sub plots  but his reasons for this all become clear in the gruesome climax when the book suddenly turns out to be some type of wishmaster  device .  malfique  is a dark film  with truckloads of claustrophobic tension and several twisted details about human behavior . watch it before some wealthy american production company decides to remake it with four handsome teenage actors in the unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals .  
french horror cinema has seen something of a revival over the last couple of years with great films such as inside and switchblade romance bursting on to the scene . malfique preceded the revival just slightly  but stands head and shoulders over most modern horror titles and is surely one of the best french horror films ever made  malfique was obviously shot on a low budget  but this is made up for in far more ways than one by the originality of the film  and this in turn is complimented by the excellent writing and acting that ensure the film is a winner . the plot focuses on two main ideas prison and black magic . the central character is a man named carrre  sent to prison for fraud . he is put in a cell with three others the quietly insane lassalle  body building transvestite marcus and his retarded boyfriend daisy . after a short while in the cell together  they stumble upon a hiding place in the wall that contains an old journal . after translating part of it  they soon realise its magical powers and realise they may be able to use it to break through the prison walls .  br    br   black magic is a very interesting topic  and i  m actually quite surprised that there aren  t more films based on it as there  s so much scope for things to do with it . it  s fair to say that malfique makes the best of it  s assets as despite it  s restraints  the film never actually feels restrained and manages to flow well throughout . director eric valette provides a great atmosphere for the film the fact that most of it takes place inside the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic  and this immensely benefits the central idea of the prisoners wanting to use magic to break out of the cell  it  s very easy to get behind them  it  s often said that the unknown is the thing that really frightens people  and this film proves that as the director ensures that we can never really be sure of exactly what is round the corner  and this helps to ensure that malfique actually does manage to be quite frightening  the film is memorable for a lot of reasons outside the central plot the characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself almost takes on its own character is very well done . anyone worried that the film won  t deliver by the end won  t be disappointed either as the ending both makes sense and manages to be quite horrifying  overall  malfique is a truly great horror film and one of the best of the decade  highly recommended viewing   
malfique is a very interesting movie . it is an unholy alloy of triumphs and failures . the central concept is great  three inmates with bizarre personalities are joined by a fourth  who the audience identify with  and they try to escape from their cell using a book of magic that they find within the walls of the cell .  br    br   the atmosphere is well  woven  it reminds me of reading about the prison stay of edmond dantes  in the chteau d  if  prior to becoming the count of monte cristo  . the director sets up the feeling that the characters are tied to the cell  particularly the character we are meant to identify with  carrre  a white  collar criminal whose crime is not specified  but it  s obliquely suggested might be fraud  . on one occasion carrre dithers when leaving the cell for exercise and has the cell door shut on him we never leave the cell  the claustrophobia is unbroken . there are also no shots of the prison outside the cell  and the view through the bars is a longing sunset over a generic prison wall . so even though the film appears to be very modern  it has a very old world feel of incarceration .  br    br   the characters are intriguing . we have marcus  a violent pre  op transsexual who plays an abusive mother to pquerette  french for daisy  a heavily retarded young man . pquerette likes to eat everything he finds beautiful  and unfortunately this included his baby sister  hence his current predicament  i like this comment on internalisation  very primitive  . lasalle is a withdrawn  possessed elderly man  in for brutally murdering his wife .  br    br   the central message of the movie is that your desires will annihilate you  and there  s a ritual that goes with that . i think that  s what disturbs me the most  seeing people destroying themselves ritualistically . it has a real life ring to it . the quite simple soundtrack backs this up well  every step deeper into the quicksand is accompanied by the dull ringing of a gong . i  m actually hearing the gong now every time i do something self  destructive .  br    br   i think one of the plot problems is that the ends of the characters don  t really reinforce the message consistently  particularly with carrre  also the concept of the book seems to alter throughout the film  not in terms of a successive revelation either . i also think that some of the images we see are a bit amateurish  more by design than execution  such as the famous  vagina eye   and the sodomy of lasalle  for me  totally hollow images .  br    br   at the end the movie it feels like the director is in a rush to get it over with  and some things don  t seem logical  for example we  ve been clumsily led to believe different things about carrre  s child . this doesn  t change the fact though that what we have here is that rare bird  a  pure  horror movie . there is no comedic dross or genre segueing  like cube       natali   the obvious movie to compare it to  it  s a total immersion experience  where you feel as if you are in the cell with the characters . this last comment i make about it being a  pure  experience i think is something others have mentioned as well so that is a fairly unanimous point .  br    br   on a personal note my favourite part of the film is when lasalle talks about his past as a librarian . he very vividly describes a scene where he goes to work one day and sits down in his usual place in the centre of a room where all the books are arranged in a circle around him . the books seem to be chanting to him that he will never contain their knowledge . this prompts lasalle to go insane . that really is the problem with an obsession with understanding and knowledge . it  s something i myself have felt .  br    br   one final comment is that two of the quite well  received comments on the board have confused the characters  names . to convince yourself that lasalle is the older librarian character  simply click on philippe laudenbach  s page and you will see he was born in     .  
i  d waited for some years before this movie finally got released in england  but was in many ways very pleased when i finally saw it . there are a lot of great things to the film  for a start the acting . its not something i have all that much need for in a horror picture but the people in this film all put in fine work . this and the constantly gripping and interesting script  with a nice sorta lovecraftian feel to it  give the film a real solid backbone . add to this the doses of surreal nightmare imagery and occasional gruesome gore and the films a winner . it has my favorite kind of gore too  supernatural and splattery . also  the characters of marcus  the angry bodybuilding transsexual and daisy  his mentally retarded lover  plaything are genuinely freakish and unnerving at times  and give a far out  anything goes sense of morbid grown up craziness which works well with the frequent freudian overtones . this is one of the most impressive recent horror movies  far more shocking or out there than anything hollywood can produce . my only gripe was that i wanted the ending to be darker in tone  but it still works  so on the whole i  d really recommend this to serious horror buffs .  
i didn  t feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was but enjoyed it nevertheless .  br    br   it is original  although reminded me a little of two other french films  vidocq and city of lost children  mostly for the colouring but also for the edgy quality of the close ups of the characters .  br    br   set in a prison cell but do not let this put you off  this film seemingly goes further than many a multi locationed blockbuster .  br    br   always interesting  with the perennial  black arts  well to the fore and very good characterisation making some only too believable   br    br   scary with some gore this is well worth a viewing .  
if you  re one of those who recognise with pleasure such arcane titles as  book of the dead    book of eibon  or  necronomicon   then you should feel right at home with malefique  a film which also features an occult tome  one with the power to change the destinies of all involved . discovered by four french prisoners sharing a cell  the fearsome object has been placed in the wall there by danvers  a serial killer incarcerated back in the     s a man obsessed with rejuvenation and the black arts before he abruptly vanished . finders of the book are carrre  grald laroche  a company embezzler shopped by his wife  lassalle  philippe laudenbach  who aspires to be a woman but at the same time body  builds to execute an escape plan  the halfwit pquerette  dimitri rataud  who once ate his baby sister  and the  librarian  marcus  clovis cornillac   supposedly driven mad by reading  who murdered his wife . reminding the viewer of meat loaf  s equally bizarre  bosomy male in fight club        lassalle begins as the dominant member of the quartet  one who is especially protective of the infantile pquerette . with the coming of the book however  and the overarching need to decipher its dangerous contents  marcus assumes greater and greater significance . at first assured of an early bail  meanwhile carrre takes little more than academic interest in events . suddenly he too needs an urgent escape option and  as the prisoners experiment  danvers  book starts to reveal some of its terrifying powers . . .  br    br   staged for the most part within a prison cell  and between four or five characters  malefique has a claustrophobic air entirely suited to its subject matter  as well as the limited budget of the filmmakers  . only at the start and then at the conclusion do we get to leave the confines of the cell  a necessary opening out which only serves to emphasise the doomed  closed  in nature of proceedings elsewhere . more than anything  this is a film about being trapped  either as a victim of your criminal past or of occult events now unfolding .  i  m going to escape   says carrre at the start of the film  wishing more than anything to be able to rejoin his wife and son . whether or not he does it will be at a terrible price  and the great irony of the film is that the ultimate form of an  escape  may not be one a man might imagine .  br    br   with all its budget limitations it is greatly to the first  time feature director eric vallette  s credit that his film succeeds as well as it does . as critics have noticed  it is a film with strong freudian overtones  lassalle  s distinctive mammaries and adult breast feeding for instance the picture of a vagina which comes to life and develops an eye the grown man who dissolves back into a foetus danvers  original placenta fetish the dark cell as a primitive womb from which  delivery  is awaited  etc . with so many interesting aspects to the script vallette hardly puts a foot wrong  and he succeeds in creating a genuinely unsettling atmosphere out of what  when one comes down to it  is just a matter of four guys  four bunks  one folding table and a book . there  s a genuine  growing  lovecraftian frisson as the men summon up the unnameable darkness from within its pages  while one or two moments  the aforementioned blinking vagina  or what ultimately happens to pquerette  are unsettlingly memorable . the pacing of many of the dark events in malefique is deliberate  rejecting the rapid cutting of many hollywood productions a video culture approach that often subverts the horrified gaze in favour of quick  fix action and gore . perhaps this is a particularly european manner  as one recalls a similar  measured approach to shocking hallucination taken in such films as verhoeven  s the fourth man        a film that incidentally also shares a particularly nasty image based around a prolapsed eye .  br    br   lensed well in  .      malefique benefits from excellent performances and  if for this viewer at least  the conclusion was not as explainable as it might have been  the journey to the final shot was worth taking . coming so soon after the release of the similarly well  received haute tension  aka switchblade romance        this is another reason to be grateful that good horror films are once again emerging from the french industry  this after a time when it seemed the only worthwhile product came from asia  
the film opens with bill coles  melvyn douglas  telling a story about how his best friend   make that client   jim blandings  cary grant  and his family are tightly packed into a small new york apartment  with not enough closet space and way too few bathrooms . when jim  s wife  muriel  myrna loy   wants to renovate the apartment  advertising exec jim falls in love with  or falls for   an ad for a house . once he  s purchased the house  bills and frustration pile up incessantly as everything that can go wrong with the building of jim  s  dream house  goes wrong .  br    br   one of three collaborations between grant and loy  this is a charming little comedy   not very taxing  with no real great message  but a great way to spend an hour or two . the laughs are there right from the start  when the alarm clock goes off and jim tries to shut it off  only to be thwarted at every turn by muriel . the timing and delivery of the comedic lines and situations can only be given by a couple of seasoned pros  and that  s just what grant and loy give us polished performances  simple chemistry  and a lot of fun . myrna loy is in a pretty thankless role  it  s evident that grant  s character jim gets the lion share of the lines and the acting  and grant  as always  pulls both off with remarkable aplomb   but she gives muriel a colour  life and bite that only myrna loy can give a character . melvyn douglas plays wry amusement to perfection as well  never hitting a single wrong note .  br    br   one of my favourite scenes has definitely got to be when bill gets himself locked in the  store room   and jim goes to  save  him . . . only to get everyone trapped inside  every little problem that pops up for the blandings renovation project   including petty jealousy and an ad campaign for  wham    seems to bring together everything that could go wrong with building a new house but makes it believable and an enjoyable watch .      
well  magic works in mysterious ways . this movie about  prisoners  trying to escape with the help of spells  written by another prisoner centuries ago was a superb occult thriller with a surprising end and lots of suspense . even if it had something of a theater  play  almost everything happens in the cell  it never got boring and it was acted very well . in the tradition of  cube  you felt trapped with the characters and even if they were criminal  you developed some sympathy with some of them  only to change your mind by the twists the story takes . some happenings catched you off guard and there was always a touch of insanity in the air . altogether intense and entertaining and as i didn  t expect anything  a friend rented it   it was a positive surprise   
  malfique  is an example of how a horror film can be effective with nothing more than a well  executed plot and a lot of heart . its cast doesn  t have recognized names  it doesn  t have a big budget and it certainly lacks in the visual effects aspect but it compensates all that with an intelligent and well  written script  an effective cast and the vision of a director focused more on telling the story than in delivering cheap thrills . eric valette may not be a well  know name yet  but with  malfique   his feature length debut  he proves he is at the level of contemporaries like jeunet  gans or aja .  br    br   the film is the story of four prisoners in a cell  four different men with very different backgrounds but with one single goal to get out . carrre  grald laroche  gets imprisoned after being declared guilty of a multi  millionaire fraud his cell  mates  the violent marcus  clovis cornillac   the intellectual lassalle  philippe laudenbach  and the mentally challenged pquerette  dimitri rataud   are all convicted for murder and give carrre a cold welcome . their personalities will clash as carrre discovers an ancient book detailing how a former prisoner escaped using black magic .  br    br   written by alexandre charlo and franck magnier   malfique  is a great mix of dark fantasy and horror in a way very reminiscent of clive barker  s stories . the movie  s strongest point is the way it builds up the characters  they are all have very complex and different personalities and a lot of the tension and suspense comes from their constant clash of personalities . the story  s supernatural element is very well  handled and overall gives the film the feeling of reading a gothic novel . despite being a movie about four men locked in a room  the movie never gets boring or tiresome and in fact  the isolation of the group increases the feeling of distrust  claustrophobia  and specially  paranoia .  br    br   director eric valette makes a great use of atmosphere  mood and his cast to give life to the plot . despite its obvious lack of budget  he has crafted a brilliant film that feels original  fresh and very attractive . his subtle and effective camera  work helps to make the film dynamic despite its single location  and the slow pace the film unfolds is excellent to create the heavy atmosphere of isolation and distrust the movie bases its plot . the very few displays of special effects are very well  done and valette trades quantity for quality in the few but terrific scenes of gore .  br    br   the characters are what make this film work  and the cast definitely deserves some of the credit . grald laroche is excellent as carrre  a man at first sight innocent  but who hides a dark past . philippe laudenbach and dimitri rataud are very effective too  specially rataud in his very demanding role . however  is clovis cornillac who steal the show with his performance as marcus  a violent and disturbed man who deep inside only wants to be himself . the characters are superbly developed and the cast makes the most of them .  br    br   the movie is terrific  but it is not without its share of flaws . of course  the most notorious one is its the low  budget . some of the cgi  effects are a bit poor compared to the effective make  up and prosthetics used in other scenes  however  it is never too bad for it . probably the bad thing about  malfique  is that it seems to lose some steam by the end when it focuses on the supernatural black magic rather than in the characters  not too much of a bad thing but the ending may seem weak from that point of view .  br    br   anyways   malfique  is another one of those great horror films coming out from france lately  and one that deserves to have more recognition . valette is definitely a talent to follow as this modest  albeit complex  tale of the supernatural is prove enough of his abilities . personally  this film is a new favorite .      
when i was six yo  i learned about a series called  los campeones   and even if i was just a kid i did everything i need to convince my parents to let me watch  the champions  and  the avengers  once every week . i think that was the golden age of english series . . .  i already own the complete cycle of  the prisoner    but lasted also a few years later with  the tomorrow people    the worst witch   i just me  or this is  harry potter  in girl  of course  before as much as i want  the campions  to be in zone  or zone   i  m also waiting for  dr . who   pack the whole series in a set of  uhm  maybe    dvd  s  please  i couldn  t expend more for it      people of tomorrow   and several other  low budget   but great stories to be available within my reached zones . i speak and understand english  but not all my relatives do  including my parents  whom introduced me into these great stories . . . i hope someday  someone could feel the attraction of these series and then could sell them as i originally view them . . . dubbed or subtitled  but in the same format i saw them . remember  zone  or  are ok with my tv set   
i wasn  t born until  years after this wonderful show first aired but luckily i managed to catch the reruns of the mid    s and the rest is history . . . . . . i was hooked . the premise was pretty simple two hardened nemesis agents  richard barrett and craig stirling  william gaunt and stuart damon  are partnered up with an expert  if not young  doctor and biologist  sharron macready  to head behind the bamboo curtain to retrieve a dangerous biological agent from being used by red china . whilst making their escape  their plane is hit by machine gun fire and they crash in the heart of the himalayas where their lives are saved by a mysterious and previously undiscovered civilisation who heal and enhance the senses of the trio  thus setting the scene for many exciting adventures to come . . .  br    br   the series lasted for   hour long episodes and i guess it was its relatively short lived  one season run that has set it up for cult status .  br    br   monty berman  the producer  was notorious for making things as cheaply as possible and sometimes the show suffered for this with incredibly tacky sets  particularly in episodes such as  happening   a studio deputising for the australian outback  and the  snow  sets of  operation deep freeze  and  the beginning  but if you can get past this  and focus on the characters and the story lines  the show was really a lot of fun . it had a great mix of adventure  and plenty of deadpan humour  mainly from some terrific one liners from william gaunt  .  br    br   the chemistry from the three leads was fantastic  you get the sense that they were really having a lot of fun making the show and this is borne out in the     reunion documentary where the three reunite after over   years to reminisce about the show  and laugh about anthony nicholls awful wig    . they all shared equal screen time and all had their moments to shine . i have to say  i was always a richard barrett fan  i loved his sardonic humour along with that dangerous edge  he was certainly a man you didn  t cross  and those eyes . . . . . . . . the bluest eyes you would probably see on tv . i have also followed bill gaunts career with interest since . however  craig stirling certainly would have had his legion of female fans and i am sure alexandra bastedo had a whole queue of male fans swooning over her too .  br    br   the show also had a plethora of guest stars to entice with  including donald sutherland  jeremy brett  peter wyngarde  burt kwouk  anton rodgers  kate o  mara  jenny linden  paul eddington and colin blakely .  br    br   notable episodes for me were   auto kill    the interrogation    the fanatics    the mission  and  the gilded cage  but i am sure every one has their personal favourites .  br    br   if you do get a chance to watch this show for the first time  or to re watch it after many years  remember to watch it in the context of the time it was made and just sit back and enjoy  the characters and the chemistry from the three leads is what made this wonderful show for me and i don  t think i will ever tire of it .  br    br   enjoy   
my siblings and i stumbled upon the champions when our local station aired re  runs of it one summer in the      s . we absolutely adored it . there was something so exotic and mysterious about it  especially when compared to the usual american re  runs  petticoat junction  green acres . . . you get the idea  . it had a similar feel to the avengers  not too much of a surprise  since it was also british and in the spy  adventure genre  .  br    br   i would love to see it again now   hopefully it holds up . i  ve mentioned this show to others and no one has ever heard of it  so i began to wonder if i  d imagined its whole existence . but the wonder that is the web has allowed me track down information about it . hopefully it will find a new generation of fans .  
well  what can i say  other than these people are super in every way . i quite like sharon mcreedy  i enjoy this pure nostalgic series and i have the boxed set of  discs   episodes  i did not realise that they had made so many  i also think that it is a great shame  that they have not made any more . i wish that i got given these powers  imagine me  being knocked off my cycle  somewhere and being knocked out cold  then waking up in a special hospital . later on  i discover that my body has been enhanced . just like richard barrat . these stories are   minutes of pure action and suspense all the way  you cannot fight these  people  as they would defeat you in all forms of weaponry . the music is well written  and to me  puts a wonderful picture of  super beings in my mind  the sort of powers that the champions have are the same as our domestic dog or cats  improved sight  improved hearing and touch . and the strength of   men for richard and craig and the strength of  women for sharon . who i thought was beautiful and intelligent . when i was a boy  i had a huge crush on her     now i can see why  on my dvd set . the box is very nice and it comes with a free booklet all about the series . i also thought that trymane was a good boss  firm but he got things done   
monty berman and dennis spooner followed up  the baron  with this  a fantasy series about three superhuman spies which preempted  the six million dollar man  . it was a favourite of mine when i was a youngster  and i enjoy watching it still . stuart damon and william gaunt had an unmistakable on  screen chemistry as craig stirling and richard barrett  while the luscious alexandra bastedo pouted her way through her role as sharron macready . the late anthony nicholls made a wonderfully gruff tremayne . by far the best episodes were those written by tony williamson  terry nation and brian clemens  while spooner  s own  the interrogation  compared favourably with  the prisoner  . i regret that there was never a second series the concept had so much life left in it . would craig and richard have been competitors for sharron  s affections  what if tremayne had learned of the champions  powers  did the champions have any other abilities other than those we saw  we never found out  alas .  
i was   years old when this show was on tv . by far it was my favorite . the actors were very credible . alexandra bastedo was just gorgeous . . . . i just order the dvd    episodes  . they didn  t have super  powers . they just had superior human skills  strength  hearing  sight  . the  actors were very good in their rolls  very believable . there was a good story in each episode . at the time  there were no special effects or explosions everywhere  so the script was suppose to be good  and the characters performs were great . there was no fancy stuff  like in other shows . they didn  t try to make a joke every  minutes to make a light show . i highly recommend this tv show to anybody that like good stuff .  
i would have to say that this is the first quality romantic  comedy i have ever seen . it had depth and although you knew from the beginning who was going to end up together there was still longing and anticipation . the thought that maybe they won  t get together . . . it is an indie film after all . this movie was well written  directed and acted . the dancing on the side of the road scene was magnificent .  
the influence of hal hartley in adrienne shelly  s  i  ll take you there  is not overt  but clearly has ties to his work  shelly has acted in two of hartley  s films  . not only does her film exhibit a very tight narrative  but the hyper  stylized and extreme characters strangely render human emotion in a very real light . though this film is not ironic on the whole  thank god   the small and subtle ironies that pepper the piece allude to the bitter truths in love and loss . with beautiful cinematography and a soundtrack straight from the seventies   i  ll see you there  is a great indie  film that doesn  t stoop to postmodern irony when dealing with the woes of love and the reality of human emotion .  br    br   the film begins with bill  s life falling to pieces . not only has he sold his best friend ray a beautiful country home  but his wife rose has left him in order to join ray in the retreat . all washed up  bill wallows in his own gloom and doom until his sister lucy  played by the director adrienne shelly  brings him all kinds of surprises a self  help book and a  date  for her traumatized brother .  br    br   the unwilling bill tries to refuse  but the sudden appearance of bernice at his door leaves him no choice . no doubt bernice  s initially superficial demeanor and ridiculous hairstyle detract from his ability to  rebound  with her . however  her pseudo  hippie qualities annoy him so much that he lashes at her on their first date . and bernice is so traumatized by his derogatory remarks that she attaches herself to him  forcing herself upon him . to what end  we are not aware . . . except for maybe the fact that she is psycho .  and who better to play the psycho than ally sheedy    br    br   aware that bill desperately wants to see rose  bernice offers her car  but on the condition that he take her somewhere first . on the way  she proceeds to hold bill prisoner with his own gun  a pinkerton detective  no less  . an imbroglio of angst  resentment  redemption  passion and violence ensue as bill and bernice find themselves on their way to the country home of ray and rose . . . of course  with a few stops along the way .  
manhattan apartment dwellers have to put up with all kinds of inconveniences . the worst one is the lack of closet space  some people who eat out all the time use their ranges and dishwashers as storage places because the closets are already full   br    br   melvin frank and norman panama  a great comedy writing team from that era  saw the potential in eric hodgins novel  whose hero  jim blandings  can  t stand the cramped apartment where he and his wife muriel  and two daughters  must share .  br    br   jim blandings  a madison ave . executive  has had it  when he sees an ad for connecticut living  he decides to take a look . obviously  a first time owner  jim is duped by the real estate man into buying the dilapidated house he is taken to inspect by an unscrupulous agent . this is only the beginning of his problems .  br    br   whatever could be wrong  goes wrong . the architect is asked to come out with a plan that doesn  t work for the new house  after the original one is razed . as one problem leads to another  more money is necessary  and whatever was going to be the original cost  ends up in an inflated price that jim could not really afford .  br    br   the film is fun because of the three principals in it . cary grant was an actor who clearly understood the character he was playing and makes the most out of jim blandings . myrna loy  was a delightful actress who was always effective playing opposite mr . grant . the third character  bill cole  an old boyfriend of myrna  turned lawyer for the blandings  is suave and debonair  the way melvin douglas portrayed him . one of the blandings girls  joan  is played by sharyn moffett  who bore an uncanny resemblance to eva marie saint . the great louise beavers plays gussie  but doesn  t have much to do .  br    br   the film is lovingly photographed by james wong howe  who clearly knew what to do to make this film appear much better . the direction of h . c . potter is light and he succeeded in this film that will delight fans of classic comedies .  
this movie is wonderful . the writing  directing  acting all are fantastic . very witty and clever script . quality performances by actors  ally sheedy is strong and dynamic and delightfully quirky . really original and heart  warmingly unpredicatable . the scenes are alive with fresh energy and really talented production .  
i too have gone thru very painful personal loss  twice  and this movie portrays the gut wrenching reality of that experience very well  life out of balance  nothing makes sense  well meaning relatives  etc . . .  br    br   it was nice to see ally again . she is one of my all time favorite movie actors .  br    br   i laughed and cried as the story unfolded . great story and cast . well done   
real cool  smart movie . i loved sheedy  s colors  especially the purple car . alice drummond is wise and wonderful as stella . i liked sheedy  s reference to how her face had gotten fatter . the roadside dance scene is brilliant . really liked this one .  
i was totally impressed by shelley adrienne  s  waitress        . this movie only confirms what was clear from that movie . adrienne was a marvelously talented writer  director  an original and unique artist . she managed to show the miseries of everyday life with absurd humor and a real warm optimistic and humanistic tendency . ally sheedy steals this movie with a terrific performance as a woman who has fallen over the edge . male lead reg rodgers  looking like judd nelson  is fine . there is also a great cameo by ben vereen . the song at the end of the movie  the bastard song  written by adrienne can stand as her optimistic eulogy  br    br    it  s a world of suffering   br    br   in a sea of pain   br    br   no matter how much sun you bring   br    br   you  re pummeled by the rain . . .  br    br   don  t let the heartless get you down   br    br   don  t greet the heartless at your door   br    br   don  t live among the heartless   
  i  ll take you there  tells of a woebegone man who loses his wife to another and finds an unlikely ally in a blind date . unlike most romantic comedies  this little indie is mostly tongue  in  cheek situational comedy featuring rogers and sheedy with little emphasis on romance . a sort of road trip flick with many fun and some poignant moments keeps moving  stays fresh  and is a worthwhile watch for indie lovers .  
this comedy with much underlying pain and sadness succeeds where most others fail . there have been many films of this genre with more notable actors attempting to achieve this elusive mixture which haven  t come anywhere near the depth and deftness of this one . this is surely because the exceptional cast with outstanding performances by reg rogers and ally sheedy seem so spontaneous that the reality of their characters rapidly grip your interest and emotions and hold them throughout the film . at first  the action seems rather off  the  wall and harebrained but one gradually learns that these two rather pathetic damaged people are desperately and unwillingly trying to heal themselves  even if grudgingly  through each other . rogers  heartrending facial expressions of numb hurt and sheedy  s angry outbursts are so eloquent that one feels them as one observes them . you will care about these two likable but deeply suffering people and hope that they will succeed because it  s in doubt and all hangs on a tenuous emotional thread . hopefully audiences will get to see more of reg rogers and ally sheedy as this film proves their merit as very accomplished actors beyond doubt .  
for a long time it seemed like all the good canadian actors had headed south of the border and  i guessed  all the second rank ones filled the top slots and that left the dregs for the sex comedies .  br    br   this film was a real surprise despite the outlandish plots that are typical of farces  the actors seemed to be trying to put something into their characters and what we  the viewer  got back was almost true suspension of belief . when the extras from the music video attacked the evicting police  you almost believed it was possible .  br    br   if you are a fan of some of the better sex farces  canadian or not  you should definitely seek this one out . and the big surprise  this sex farce is also loaded with some very good nudity .  
at the end of the movie i still don  t know whether i liked it or not . so was the case with most of the reviewers . but none the less i still feel that the movie is worth a  for the amount of efforts put in .  br    br   long ago i read a quote there are  kind of writers   . those who think and write . and  . those write and make the readers think . while here i feel that guy ritchie took this way too literally and left all the thinking for the audience .  br    br   i felt that the movie was a mixed bag filled with some of the devils advocate and fight club . . . .  br    br   it is definitely a classic something which no one understands but appreciates . . . .  br    br   what i don  t understand why stathom  jake green  had a blackout  thats how it all began   all the riddles and mysteries in the movie have been taken care of except this one .  br    br   well if you are reading this review to find the solution as what this movie was all about i  ll post the very midnight it strikes me and if you are still deciding to watch this movie or not then answer this first . . . . when you come across a puzzle labeled as  no one has ever solved  would you like to try   br    br   i would  
aside from a few titles and the new sherlock holmes movie  i think i  ve watched every movie guy ritchie has directed . twice . needless to say  i  m a big fan and revolver is one of the highlighted reasons why . this movie is a very different approach from ritchie  when you look at it comparatively with lock  stock . . . and snatch . revolver sets us up for a psychological thriller of sorts as a gambling con finds himself at the mercy of a set of foes he didn  t expect and a guided walk for redemption that he didn  t know he needed . along with seeing andr benjamin of outkast fame strut his acting ability  other standout acts are ray liotta playing the maniacal mr . d  macha and mark strong playing sorter  the hit  man .  br    br   after being sent to prison by a tyrannous casino owner  macha  jake uses his time in solitary to finesse a plot to humiliate macha and force his hand in compensating him for the seven years he spent . when he wins a card game and amasses a decent sum from macha  jake finds himself on the brink of death as he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that  s left him with three days to live . a team of loan sharks  however  have an answer for him and a ticket to life  only if he gives them all the money he has and relents to working for them  all in a ploy to both take macha down and show jake how dangerous he has made himself to himself . along with having the air of death loom  and a pair of loan sharks having a field day with his money  jake also has to deal with having a hit put out on him  which introduces sorter  a hit  man under macha  s employ . the depth with the story comes when jake realizes that some co  convicts he spent time with in solitary may very  well be the loan shark team out to take him for all he has by crafting all of the unfortunate events that jake seems to find his way into . when faced with this reality though  zack  vincent pastore  and avi show jake just how twisted he has become from being in solitary  having only the company of his mind and his ego then makes it so that their actual existence is elusive even to jake . the movie unravels to a humbling process for both jake and macha as they both come to grips with their inner demons .  br    br   the style of the movie is top  notch as you get the gritty feel of the crime world represented and the characters it includes . although a lot of nods at ritchie  s previous films are here it still has a presence of its own from the dialogue  the sets and the experimental take on the gangster genre . it  s also a great trip on humility and recognizing when you can easily let your ego or a preset notion mask you ability to accomplish what you want or overcome what you should . the characters are well crafted in this movie with all sides being fleshed out and  true to ritchie fashion  they  re all tied in by some underhandedness that throws a wrench in everyone  s affairs . i could and would like to go on about this film and its unique nuances but i don  t want to take too much away from it if you haven  t seen it yet .  br    br   it may take a few sittings to get through all the intricate layers but it  s a great movie and it should be seen . if you  re lucky and you haven  t seen the watered  down us release  see if you can get the original uk version as it will make for a great discussion piece among friends as you try to puzzle in your take . i saw it with my crew around early      and we  re still talking about it with little things we  ve picked up on today . it has garnered its cult status  and it  s well  deserved as the film where ritchie stepped out the box and broke his norm a bit .  br    br   standout line  fear or revere me  but please  think i  m special . we share an addiction . we  re approval junkies .   
  ah ritchie  s made another gangster film with statham  thought the average fan  expecting another snatch  lock stock expecting perhaps a couple of temporal shifts  but none too hard for  me and the lads  to swallow after a few beers .  br    br   ah  pay attention  you do need to watch this film . no cups of tea  no extra diet cokes from the counter  no  keep it running  shouts as you nip to the fridge  watch the film  no laughs other than those you may make yourself from the considerable violence  and if that floats your boat  so be it  but sharp solid direction  excellent dialogue  and great performances .  br    br   my favourite  big pussy from the sopranos  always a reliable hood .  
if you are a fan of altman  s large ensemble casts  as evidenced in major films like m . a . s . h .  nashville  gosford park  and lesser seen films like a wedding  then you will no doubt be entertained by health . centered around a health convention where two women are running for president  health contains many of altman  s latter   s regulars like paul dooley  who helped write the film   carol burnett  and henry gibson  while also including top star altman newcomers like lauren bacall  james garner  and glenda jackson . like a lot of altman ensemble films there are numerous subplots in this film  but it is not nearly as overwhelming as films like nashville or a wedding  rather it has a more centered feel  perhaps like m . a . s . h . or gosford park . the whole thing is an obvious satire on the health movement  filled with over  top  outlandish  contradictive characters  with guest stars like dick cavett providing a wry commentary on the whole thing . underlining the whole election process is altman  s characteristic pessimism about politics and public appeal but what is most appealing about this film is the sheer fun most people seem to be having . this would be one of altman  s last films like this for a while   
i have just finished watching this film and i can honestly say that this is a work of art . i was very surprised to see the overall rating as  .  .  br    br   not only does guy bring together a b list  ish  movie cast and make them into such glorious characters  he has given us a movie with a fantastically diverse story line with much left to the imagination .  br    br   far too many people are wanting movies with a plot that can be understood and handed to them on a plate . . . yet these are the films that get poor reviews because they are far too predictable .  br    br   this film is special . get it  now   
i  m giving ten out of ten it  s one of the best movies ever . absolutely smashed  stunned and dazed by the whole picture  marvellous playing of jason statham  ray liotta and all the crew  amazing plot . . . just look into yourself and pluck up your courage to admit  it touched your soul  because it  s strange  but there are all the answers you  ve been ever looking for . . . the very best  mr . ritchie  the very best ever . those who were looking for a simple figtings and skirmish keep yelling they are disappointed . but there are lots of shallow movies in hollywood nowadays  you can  t remember what it was about the next day you had seen it . on the contrary  revolver is unique  i could have hardly expected it  s possible to portray such a clear and genius picture of myself  of everyone who was to watch it . absolutely unsurpassed  astounding  dazzling . . . one can get insight watching this  i have no doubt about that . actually  no words can express my admiration . . . i  m still wondering how it was possible to shoot such a movie after years of giddy hollywood rubbish we had been watching . thank you from all heart  it  s simply the best .  
it  s all very simple . jake goes to prison  and spends five years with the con and the chess masters . they get compassionate about his history of loss and failure  and utterly misery that he lives on because of his belief in his mastery of small tricks and control of the rules of small crooks . they decide to give jake the ultimate freedom from his innermost fears  from what he believes to be himself . for that  they take him on a trip where he got to let go all the fear  all the pride  all the hope  to be reborn as true master of his will .  br    br   it  s a clever movie about the journey of illumination  about the infinite gambles and games that we do with and within ourselves .       no doubt .  
i have never known of a film to arouse such debate in my life . believe me when i say that this film will eventually be remembered as an all  time classic . i was waiting in anticipation for this film as i had previously loved both lock  stock . . . . and snatch  but after some of the negative reviews i thought i would be very disappointed . i absolutely loved this film and i can  t wait to see it again . this film is totally different to both of the aforementioned ritchie films  and also a lot better . i have my pick of favourite directors but none of them have pulled off a move as great as guy ritchie has just done with this movie . i believe he has taken movie  making to another level  i know most people will be laughing at this comment guaging the reaction to this film  but i believe time will prove me right  . this movie is very confusing and carried on for much longer than the  hr or so running time as i couldn  t stop thinking about it or trying to piece things together . i have now got a pretty good take on everything that happens in this film  some answers from endless hours of thinking  some answers from reading other people  s take on the film  and now cannot wait until sunday when i will see it again . i just hope people go to the cinema with an open mind and they will hopefully be rewarded as i and many others have been .  
neither the total disaster the uk critics claimed nor the misunderstood masterpiece its few fanboys insist  revolver is at the very least an admirable attempt by guy ritchie to add a little substance to his conman capers . but then  nothing is more despised than an ambitious film that bites off more than it can chew  especially one using the gangster  con  artist movie framework . as might be expected from luc besson  s name on the credits as producer  there  s a definite element of  cinema de look  about it set in a kind of realistic fantasy world where america and britain overlap  it looks great  has a couple of superbly edited and conceived action sequences and oozes style  all of which mark it up as a disposable entertainment . but ritchie clearly wants to do more than simply rehash his own movies for a fast buck  and he  s spent a lot of time thinking and reading about life  the universe and everything . if anything its problem is that he  s trying to throw in too many influences  a bit of machiavelli  a dash of godard  a lot of the principles of chess   motifs and techniques  littering the screen with quotes the film was originally intended to end with three minutes of epigrams over photos of corpses of mob victims  and at times it feels as if he never read a fortune cookie he didn  t want to turn into a movie . rather than a commercial for kabbalism  it  s really more a mixture of the overlapping principles of commerce  chess and confidence trickery that for the most part pulls off the difficult trick of making the theosophy accessible while hiding the film  s central  somewhat metaphysical  con .  br    br   the last third is where most of the problems can be found as jason statham takes on the enemy  literally  within with lots of ambitious but not always entirely successful crosscutting within the frame to contrast people  s exterior bravado with their inner fear and anger  but it  s got a lot going for it all the same . not worth starting a new religion over  but i  m surprised it didn  t get a us distributor . maybe they found ray liotta  s intentionally fake tan just too damn scary   
having read the reviews for this film  i understandably started watching it with a great deal of doubt in my mind that it would actually be any good . however  this is one of the best films i have seen in a long time . the majority of reviews that i had read  said that the complicated plot made it too hard to follow . and whilst some parts do leave you confused  the ending ties up so many loose ends that you feel like kicking yourself because you  ve missed so much . it  s not like  lock  stock . . .  or  snatch   in the sense that it isn  t that funny  in fact  it  s pretty dark   and it is a lot more intelligent  in the way that you see parts of scenes from different viewpoints  and  in one of the best scenes of the film  jason statham spends five minutes in a lift having an argument with himself  . the way in which it is similar to the two films i just mentioned  is that it is full of memorable characters  specifically statham  who gives a fantastic performance as the lead  and ray liotta  who spends most of the film in speedos  but gives a great performance none the less . if you  ve got time  and have time afterwards to think about the film  and even watch it again  you really start to see all the symbolism and hints that are laid out through the film . i think it  s fantastic  and that guy ritchie is a director on top of his game .  
i will start by saying that this has undeservedly be panned by just about everyone  the fact is it wasn  t what anyone was expecting  especially from guy ritchie . what everyone was expecting was cockney geezers and good one liners  do ya like dags   etc  but this is far more mature than his previous works . i would agree that it is confusing but all the facts are there for us we just have to see them and listen harder  this film demands all your attention  look past the cool and dazzling look of the film  try to listen to the dialogue rather than admire the performances and i think we will all get a more thorough understanding of the whole film .  br    br   yes this has its influences from modern classics  fight club  pulp fiction etc  but it is in the whole original in both direction and pacing with a music score second to none . i feel that if everyone watched this film over and over they would understand it a lot more and maybe appreciate it for the fine piece of modern cinema that it is and i hope also that ritchie continues in this vain as i far prefer this to his mockney  masterpieces  .  
first of all  don  t go into revolver expecting another snatch or lock stock  this is a different sort of gangster film .  br    br   i saw the gala the other night and this movie definitely split the audience . it  s the kind of movie where half the audience will leave thinking what was that  that was awful  and the other half will leave thinking what was that  that was cool . personally i like films that i don  t understand  i . e . mullholland drive  and usual suspects  so i enjoyed revolver .  br    br   it definitely wasn  t perfect though . i saw the big twist coming a mile away  at least part of it  and though sometimes some loose ends left unexplained is good  revolver leaves a lot of questions unexplained for no reason it seemed . also some scenes  like the animation  and the scene where sorter goes on a killing spree  actually one of my favourites   although  awesome scenes to watch  seemed to just be there because they were awesome to watch  not because they fit in with the movie .  br    br   however there were many good things too . i thought the acting was superb from all the main actors  jason stratham  ray liotta  vincent pastore  and even andre benjamin  who was a pleasant surprise  . this movie definitely kept my interest  with one great  suspenseful  action packed  scene after another . when ray liotta was being held under the table wow . . . . well you have to see it . the script was extremely well done  and the soundtrack  as with most guy ritchie films  was great .  br    br   though a step below such movies as  fight club  mullholland drive  and usual suspects  it was still an awesome fast paced  psychological  action movie  with many twists and turns and tons of scenes you will remember long after the movie is over .  
i watched to movie today and it just blew my mind away . it is a real masterpiece of art and i don  t understand why most of the people think it  s garbage . the main idea of the movie  take your ego away and then you will have true power  this was the main battle at the end of the movie and guy ritchie has shown that in a magnificent way .  the greatest enemy will hide in the last place you will ever look   do you remember this from the movie  because our true enemy is in us  it is our ego . . . that voice that always tells us that we are important  that gives us our pride  that tells us not to give  but only to take  that creates our aggression  that wants to be in control  that creates all the negative feelings and thoughts . gr expressed this idea in an astonishing way and has shown that the only way to gain true control is when you loose control and you just let go of your personal importance . a superb movie   
i always enjoy seeing movies that make you think  and don  t just drip  feed the answers to their audience .  revolver  is one of these films  and although many reviewers have stated that it is difficult to follow  with a bit of concentration and an open mind i got it . first time . true  it doesn  t compare to other mind  mucks like  the usual suspects  or  memento   but in its own right its an intelligent and thought  provoking film .  br    br   another thing i really liked about this film is how damn beautiful it is . every scene  every camera angle seems to have been thought about for ages . if you see it you  ll know what i mean .  br    br   so  to conclude . . . watch it with an open mind and you may enjoy it . if not  well  no  one ever said  revolver  is for everyone . and that  s my  cents .  
in the classic sense of the four humors  which are not specific to the concept of funny or even entertainment   altman  s  h . e . a . l . t . h .  treats all of the humors  and actually in very funny  entertaining ways . there  s the phlegm  as personified by lauren bacall  s very slow  guarded  and protective character esther brill  who  s mission in life appears to be all about appearance  protecting the secrets of her age and beauty more than her well  being . there  s paul dooley  s choleric dr . gil gainey  who like a fish out of water  perhaps more like a seal  flops around frenetically  barking and exhorting the crowds to subscribe to his aquatic madness . the melancholy of glenda jackson  s isabella garnell smacks of shakespeare  s troubled and self  righteous hamlet   even proffering a soliloquy or two . and let  s not forget henry gibson  s bile character  bobby hammer   the breast that feeds the baby rules the world   . then there  s the characters harry wolff and gloria burbank  james garner and carol burnett  respectively   relatively sane characters striving to find some kind of balance amongst all the companion and extreme humors who have convened for h . e . a . l . t . h .   a kind of world trade organization specializing in h . e . a . l . t . h .  which is to say anything but health . this is altman at his classic best .  
first of all  when people hear  guy ritchie   they immediately think of snatch . yes  snatch was a good movie  but the problem is that everyone associates guy ritchie to snatch . they don  t expect him to explore new frontiers . this movie revolver is different than snatch it  s much darker and is very complex . the reason i gave a rating of   is because i  ve had to watch revolver  times to understand everything . so this movie toys with your head . it  s very cleverly written .  br    br   this movie is different than snatch . it was done wonderfully  the cinematography is beautiful  and you can recognize guy ritchie  s personal touch  style of directing  in it .  br    br   what won me over was the complexity of the protagonist and how we are left with more questions than answers .  
ok . . . this movie so far has been slated by critics and board  posters alike  although playing devil  s advocate you could suggest that critics are often people who didn  t make it for themselves as film  makers  and board posters are often people who didn  t make it for themselves as critics  so i wanted to sit in guy  s corner with the magic sponge to perhaps reach maybe a couple of the people who  ve decided not to see the film based on how everybody seems to be looking down their collective nose of approval at it .  br    br   the film  s biggest flaw in earning wide support is how unexpectedly complex it is . this has been described many times as as making the film  inaccessible  to the viewer . the film  s chronology is relatively non  linear and the characters are used as not only a means of storytelling but as a device for showing us the subtle  or not so subtle  hints of bias we give things as we commit them to memory  ie . ray liotta  s character brandishing a gun saying the words  fear me  is portrayed as both tragically pathetic  from statham  s pov  or interrogating and bold  from liotta  s pov  . this is but one example of ritchie  s far more mature approach he has taken to film  making with revolver  we have a storyline which is pretty archetypal  the strong but silent gritty anti  hero gets released from jail with a score to settle but gets drawn inadvertently into a world of corruption . . . i mean it  s paint by numbers film noir here guys  all the way down to the vague poetic choice of diction and the gritty voice  overs  but then guy has taken this framework to make a number of extremely philosophical and complex points .  br    br   take the scene where jason statham  s character runs afoul of a car . this throwaway sequence could have been emitted from the film and made no difference to the story whatsoever . . . but ritchie is making point about how such little chance happenings such as receiving a phone call can make the difference between life and death .  br    br   so the final act of the movie is pretty mind boggling  i  d be taking the pss if i said i didn  t spend the last   minutes or so of the film turning to my date going  uh . . . wtf   . . . but that is the shoddiest reason to disregard a piece of art . it is far too easy to dislike something because you find it hard to understand . and even easier to say  well nobody else seemed to understand it so it must be a real turd of a film   . in my humble opinion  revolver is a stylish  complex and mature piece of modern art which should be greeted with the same manner we would give the work of the saatchi brothers . if we choose this opportunity to collectively say  ah sht  i wanted a film about a load of bleeding  cockney gangsters in  nit loll . . . guy ritchie is a tit   then the day will come when film  makers are allowed only to make that which is expected of them by shallow  crappy people . just because guy made a name for himself with funny  cheeky cockney romps  doesn  t mean he can  t be deep without being  pretentious  . funny people can be thoughtful too .  
i watched this movie when i was almost quite a kid  and  naturally  was moved to tears by this story of a fox family . the fantastic scenery at hokkaid  the excellent storytelling and last not least the wonderful soundtrack provide a rare intimacy with the protagonists . i am still searching for some copy of the gorgeous soundtrack . to german viewers it might be useful to know that the defa  dubbing is the only one worth listening to . i taped both  defa and br  but i keep viewing the first one only .  
glacier fox is one of the most heartrending and wonderfully photographed wildlife films ever made .  br    br   the film makes you care about each member of this fox family  from the blind cub to the strongest  their adventures are at times hilarious and also tragic . set against an inhospitable countryside  the audience  s hearts warm to the family members .  br    br   the music score and lyrics tell the story intercut with narration about what is happening in general terms .  br    br   man remains one of the biggest predators  but we are left in no doubt that the foxes are capable of living  not just surviving beyond human endeavours .  
  br    br   i saw the glacier fox in the theatre when i was nine years old  i bugged my parents to take me back three times . i began looking for it on video about five years ago  finally uncovering a copy on an online auction site  but i would love to see it either picked up by a new distributor and rereleased  i understand the original video run was small   or have the rights purchased by the family channel  disney  etc . and shown regularly . it is a fascinating film that draws you into the story of the life struggle of a family of foxes in northern japan  narrated by a wise old tree . the excellent soundtrack compliments the film well . it would be a good seller today  better than many of the weak offerings to children  s movies today .  
i have been looking for this movie for so many years . i saw this move when i was nine and loved this movie . i called disney all the movie stores and the net . no luck . what a waste it was a very good movie . it will be missed   
i saw this movie when i was little  it was called  glacier fox  . i was totally traumatized by it  it follows a cute little fox family around . the beginning was great and i remember becoming very attached to the little foxes . i also remember my mother carrying me out of the theater while i was in hysterics . i won  t tell you what happened  but let  s just say it doesn  t end well for all of the foxes . i was used to disney type nature films where the animals don  t really die . oh man . this movie made me cry for hours . it was a good movie . . . i think  i was really little and truth be told  all i remember is being happy for the foxes and then seeing one of them die . rent it if you can  but don  t show your kids   
i recommend families if possible  to show this to older children only . some of the stuff in this film maybe too disturbing for little ones to handle . now that thats out of the way  let me explain about this movie . this is in reality a documentary of a male fox  who in the beginning is protecting his territory and seeking a mate . the beginning with the gorgeous sunrise and music score  is breath taking . you had better soak in as much of the scenery as possible  it  ll get ugly later . they gave both the fox and the vixen names  but i can  t remember what they are for the likes of me . he fights off this invading male  to win her love . they later on create a den  and the vixen gives birth to four adorable cubsone of which is blind . there are many happy and playful moments featuring the fox family  but tragedy and bad luck strike all too soon . the first victim is the blind pup  who gets too close to a high tide and is washed away . the second victim is the mother  who while stealing chickens is deceived by a dead chicken hanging on a pole . she unknowingly walks into a foot trap . while trying to escape she rips off part of her foot  causing her to bleed to death . the rest of the fox family is forced to watch her die under a tree . the male is now a single dad  forced to take on the roll of mom and dad . he alone has to teach them the skills they need for life . it later proves not to be enough  when two of the now grown pups meet an ugly fate of their own thanks to the carelessness and cruelity of man . i won  t spoil the surprising ending for you  but it does show the farmer and his dogs close on his tail . and it is a well deserved ending after what the audience and the fox family was put through . i wanted to say that i saw this when it first came out in early     s  when we had a thing called showbiz cable . i was only  when i saw it  but i could never understand why they wouldn  t let me see all of it . now i know why  after i secretly watched it when it came on disney  when i was  . i felt emotionally gutted after seeing all this evil going on . i was moved to tears . but as dark and ugly as it was  it serves a purpose . to let people what is going to these and other kinds of animals  and why they are endangered . this documentary wanted to get the message across about this endangered species  and i hoped it worked . its not fake like the true life nature films by disney  they don  t teach about why animals are going extinct . the encroachment of land  the killing off of the foxes main prey  and senseless killing of these beautiful animalshas resulted in them becoming endangered . i wish they would make sequel to this movie   glacier fox      to see if they  re being treated better . maybe have it be about a vixen pup named teresa and her siblings growing up . this movie also kind of reflects what happens to human families sometimes  especially when one of the parents suddenly dies . the surviving parent takes on the roll of both  and tries to teach the important lessons of life . it isn  t always enough to protect them when they  re adults  especially when some of their lives becomes ruined . or they fall victims to tragedy themselves . best all around soundtrack and musical score i  ve ever heard .  
the villian in this movie is one mean sob and he seems to enjoy what he is doing  that is what i guess makes him so mean . i don  t think most men will like this movie  especially if they ever cheated on their wife . this is one of those movies that pretty much stays pretty mean to the very end . but then  there you have it  a candy  bar ending that makes me look back and say   hokie as hell .  a pretty good movie until the end . ending is the ending we would like to see but not the ending to such a mean beginning . and then there is the aftermath of what happened . guess you can make up your own mind about the true ending . i  m left feeling that only one character should have survived at the end .  
this film made john glover a star . alan raimy is one of the most compelling character that i have ever seen on film . and i mean that sport .  
some of the acknowledged altman  masterpieces  seem sadder to me now . maybe it  s me . like the last reviewer  i even like this  lesser  altman  shown recently on fmc   although i don  t think he was aiming at a wide audience . organization politics as a  microcosm  for public campaigns . some of this satirical  docudrama  is now dated  like dick cavett watching the tonight show  but i found much of the dialog funny and insightful  e . g .  you are for real . that means you  re no threat to anyone   . the story isn  t  profound   but i liked it . and the performances are funny  especially cavett  as  himself    lauren bacall as an aging conservative figurehead  glenda jackson  who actually became a member of parliament  as a left wing ideologue  in the opening scene lecturing someone dressed as a carrot on the sanctity of politics   and carol burnett as a basket case . all in the inimitable altman style  although maybe not quite as inimitable as usual . but pretty inimitable .  
successful self  made married businessman harry mitchell  a superbly steely performance by roy scheider  has an adulteress fling with sweet  n  sexy young stripper cini  the gorgeous kelly preston  . harry  s blackmailed by a trio of scummy low  life hoods   sleazy porno theater manager raimy  a splendidly slimy john glover   antsy strip joint owner leo  well played by robert trebor  and crazed pimp bobby shy  a frightfully intense clarence williams iii    who have videotaped his affair with cini . when harry refuses to pay up  the hoods kill cini and make it look like harry did it . this in turn ignites a dangerous battle of wit and wills between harry and the hoods . director john frankenheimer  adopting a tough script based on elmore leonard  s gritty crime thriller novel  expertly maintains a steady snappy pace  delivers plenty of gripping tension  and effectively creates a compellingly seedy  n  sordid atmosphere . the leads are all uniformly excellent  with stand  out supporting turns by ann  margret as harry  s bitter neglected wife barbara  vanity as brash jaded prostitute doreen  and lonny chapman as harry  s loyal business partner jim o  boyle . the tight  n  twisty plot keeps viewers on their toes throughout . the wickedly profane dialogue  jost vacano  s glossy cinematography  gary chang  s stirring score  the harshly amoral tone and the rousing conclusion are all likewise on the money as well . as an added bonus  both vanity and preston take their clothes off . a very strong and satisfying little number that  s well worth checking out .  
life  s going not to badly for harry mitchell  he  s an ex  air force major  plus nifty little pension i imagine   who  s raking in the cash for a patent he  s developed  fusing titanium and steel via explosive process  creating super metal fit for nasa   and his wife of twenty  odd years has kept herself in pretty good nick . he  s got a nice little pad in la . i like to see visions of the   s consumer dream  and you get a good slice here  what with the restored silver jag  a series  e  type roadster  for him  and the gorgeous antique dolls house for her  as well as i  m sure other trinkets and boys toys  . there  s always got to be more though hasn  t there  so harry let  s himself get caught up in some romantic shenanigans  you  re only as old as the woman you  re feeling  . as in many films noir  one mistake  in an otherwise blotch  less life  leads to a downwards arc for harry .  br    br   three blackmailers leech onto him . these are where the value are for me  great character actors playing very believable roles . bobby shy  played by clarence williams iii  is a black ex  con who is capable of performing incredible psychopathic acts in order to avoid jail and punish double  crossers . he  s reminiscent of pluto  the vicious black ex  con psychopath from carl franklin  s well  regarded neo  noir  one false move        . there  s a similar character motivation i believe . both men have had enough of the man  and well pretty much everyone  in extremis . robert trebor plays leo franks  a fat lily  livered pansy who runs a nudie parlour where gents can photograph nude models at    for half an hour  and    for a whole hour  did anyone else guffaw at the lack of discount   . he  s in over his head  and it  s great to watch trebor acting when leo starts to feel the heat  believable breakdown . john glover wins as alan raimy  who is the brains of the plot  an actually brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and turns to a life of crime out of sheer sociopathic ennui . he  s a sexual sadist and does a few particularly unpleasant things during the movie  including what i believe is a pretty well  implied rape  pay attention to his rap sheet readout  it  s easily missed  and read between the lines for the motel scene with  slim   .  br    br   in common with one false move  though not exclusively  i think the real impact of the movie is in the unusually communicative scenes of violence .  br    br   so far so good but i think there  s a real problem with the film . harry mitchell is told at one point that he has his  tit in the wringer  . my problem is that harry mitchell is played by roy scheider . roy scheider protagonists never lose  they  re self  sure and smooth  but not in an annoying way . i feel i  m being asked to believe that his character is in peril  the movie relies on this for dramatic tension however i didn  t believe it . for me it  s like being asked to believe that sandra bullock  s character is going to end up sleeping alone by the end of a romantic drama  or stephen seagal  s character is going to get taken down by the baddies  did actually happen in one movie but was done deliberately for shock value  . roy scheider doesn  t convince as an adulterer either  you don  t feel any annoyance with him at all  his character is teflon  coated .  br    br   it also felt like a movie that took some cuts . at    minutes it still feels underdeveloped harry  s wife  ann margaret  is pretty much a cardboard cutout  an extension of harry  her back story as a politician running for office receives scant attention . the effect that the affair has on harry  s marriage isn  t properly communicated . this could be a frankenheimer problem  he  s not known for character development . i never felt that harry was dealing with little more than an overtly annoying and erroneous tax claim from the irs .  br    br   there is good sleazy violent noir content in this film  but i feel that to be in the excellent bracket that the casting of harry could have been done better  no disrespect to the great roy scheider  . the film felt short  even with the long running time  and i think could have taken some more fleshing out .  br    br   but you really can  t forget the sleaze  like the deliciously pervy scene of harry taking photos of doreen in the nudie parlour .  
    pick up never got the respect it should have . it works on many levels  and has a complicated but followable plot . the actors involved give some of their finest performances . ann  margret  roy scheider  and john glover are perfectly cast and provide deep character portrayals . notable too are vanity  who should have parlayed this into a serious acting career given the unexpected ability she shows  and kelly preston  who  s character will haunt you for a few days . anyone who likes action combined with a gritty complicated story will enjoy this .  
this is a great  small  film . i say  small  because it doesn  t have a hundred guns firing or a dozen explosions  as in a john woo film . great performances by roy scheider and the three  bad guys  . john frankenheimer seems to have more luck with small productions these days . the film is very easy to watch  the story is more of a yarn than a washing machine   instead of everything going around and around  it seems as though things just get worse as the plot thickens . wonderful ending  very positive . i never read the elmore leonard book  but it can  t be much different from the film because it feels like i  m watching an elmore leonard movie .  
this slick and gritty film consistently delivers . it  s one of frankenheimer  s best and most underrated films and it  s easily the best elmore leonard adaptation to date  and if you are scratching your head thinking  but i loved get shorty  you need to be punched in the face  . in my opinion  no one captures the  feel  for leonard  s characters better then john glover in   pick  up . the relocation of the story from detroit  novel  to hollywood  film  elevates the story  s sleaze factor to amazing heights . be a man  have a few beers and watch this movie . for reference purposes my favorite leonard books are swag  rum punch  cat chaser  city primeval  and   pick  up . my favorite frankenheimer films include seconds and the manchurian candidate . i also have a real special place in my cold  movie heart for dead bang and black sunday .  
i  ve always liked this john frankenheimer film . good script by elmore leonard and the main reason this wasn  t just another thriller is because of frankenheimer . his taut direction and attention to little details make all the difference  he even hired porn star ron jeremy as a consultant  you can make a case that its the last good film roy scheider made . i  ve always said that robert trebor gave just a terrific performance . clarence williams iii got all the publicity with his scary performance and he  s excellent also but i really thought trebor stood out . frankenheimer may not be as proud of this film as others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail  murder  sex  drugs  and real porno actors appear in sleazy parts . what can you say about a film that has ann margaret being shot up with drugs and raped  a guilty pleasure to say the least . vanity has a real sleazy role and a very young kelly preston makes an early appearance . a classic exploitive thriller that shouldn  t be forgotten .  
based on elmore leonard  this is a violent and intelligent action film . the story a business man is blackmailed by some  criminals . roy schieder does great job as the leading character and special credit  s got to go to john glover who plays sort of a naughty psychopath . i must mention that the villains characters are very complex and interesting  something that is very rare for an action film . also features some beautiful and sexy women  most notable are kelly preston as the young bate for schieder  s character . vanity gives a very good performance and appearance as the hooker who is connected with the three blackmailers . i  m glad to say that ann  margaret still hasn  t lost it  this lady is a true babe . don  t look at the rate of this film . i really don  t know what the public and some critics have against this film but my suggestion is to ignore them and watch this truly gripping and under  rated film . you will enjoy it  that  s a promise . recommended a .  
spoilers   br    br   from the very moment i saw a local film critic trash this movie in a review on the      news  i wanted to see it . i don  t remember who it was  or which local omaha newscast carried the review  but the critic was very insistent that this film was way too sleazy for the average church  going nebraskan . they showed a snippet from the scene where john glover is about to kidnap ann  margret when she  s swimming in the pool . glover  s character is commending her on how nice her body is and so forth  using many words that the local station felt necessary to edit out . i was hooked . there was one problem  though . i was only   years old at the time  and i had to wait a year until it came out on cable . let  s just say  it was worth the wait   br    br   if ever there was a guilty pleasure of mine  this movie is it . to call this film sleazy would be a huge understatement . the film centers around a successful businessman who is blackmailed by three small time scumbags after an affair with a young woman . roy scheider  who is as effective as ever  plays the poor guy who just wanted a little fling and now finds himself at the mercy of three terrific villains . john glover  s character is one of the most memorable scumbags of all time . he  s sleazy  funny at times  and always on the brink of doing something crazy . then there  s robert trebor  s  nice name  by the way   character leo who is clearly in over his head with this blackmail scheme . he is a whimpering  sweating  coward who runs a peep show place with live nude models . then  you have clarence williams iii as bobby shy  a brooding sociopath who everyone is afraid of with good reason . who could forget the wake  up call he gives vanity with the giant teddy bear   br    br   after dealing with the initial shock of realizing what he  s up against  scheider turns the tables on these creeps and takes control of the situation  that is until glover goes after his wife  the conflict is played out brutally  with virtually the entire cast getting shot  raped  or blown up .  br    br   i don  t know why i love this movie so much . it really should creep me out  but it doesn  t . maybe it  s because these characters are all interesting  and the story takes plenty of chances that most films today would never try . it  s scary to think that the adult film industry probably has more than a few characters like glover  s running around out in l . a . looking for trouble . just thinking about his voice is enough to make me chuckle .  hey sport  have a nice day    br    br   this film has plenty of shootouts  cool cars  great dialog  like the line in my opening statement   and decent acting . plenty of cameos by real life porno stars . look for ron jeremy frolicking around in a hot tub with two chicks in a party scene at glover  s place .  br    br   another thing i must add how hot are the women in this film    wow  travolta did right by marrying kelly preston . yum  we also see vanity get nude in a time before she became a born again christian . and ann  margret . what else could you say about her except that she is the quintessential american beauty .  br    br    of   stars .  br    br   so sayeth the hound .  br    br   added feb         rip roy scheider   
brendan filone is the absolute best character in the sopranos . he died by getting shot in the eye . this was the best and well orchestrated scene ever in the sopranos . brendan filone is too good . brendan filone shall haunt uncle junior in his dreams until uncle junior can  t take it anymore . brendan filone is the best character . brendan filone was killed in episode    denial  anger  acceptance . but his legacy will live on forever . brendan filone is the best character on sopranos  brendan filone is the best character ever . i recommend this show to anyone who likes drama and wants to see good death scenes and great directing and producing  because it doesn  t get any better than this series . brendan filone is the best .  
chase has created a true phenomenon with the sopranos . unfaltering performances  rock  solid writing  and some great music make up what has become quite possibly the best show ever .  br    br   all of the cast are strong  but falco and gandolfini earned every inch of those emmy  s . anyone who doubts this need only sample a few episodes particularly from the first few seasons . james gandolfini is absolutely fierce  absolutely terrifying  and you still find yourself loving him  mesmerized by him .  br    br   many people that i  ve spoken to about the sopranos  who haven  t seen it yet  will say  i  m just not a fan of mafia movies  shows  . whatever . run  don  t walk  and get it . those same people usually love  e . r .   but i bet they don  t much care for hospitals . . . it  s not about the context .  
having only seen two of his pictures previously  i  ve come to terms with altman . before  though  i always labeled his style of film  making  boring .  you just have to be in the right mind to appreciate his crazy genius .  br    br    health  is fairly underrated  and very questionably out of print . in fact  i don  t think it  s ever even been issued to vhs . why is that  when all of these crappy films get dvd releases daily  this one is left behind for no good reason  honestly  i had no real problems with this film . it was  for the most part  consistently amusing and funny . almost all of the scenes are mysteriously interesting for some reason  be it the wonderful dialogue or the subtle performances . there is real skill here .  br    br   and paul dooley  s stint on the bottom of the pool halfway through is fascinating .  br    br   if you can  try to find a copy of this forgotten little gem . it  s not perfect  but it  s much better than most of the sludge out there getting dvd releases . hell  i  d be happy with a nice vhs copy of this thing .  br    br   it  s often on the fox movie channel  though  so look out for it .  
this is the definite lars von trier movie  my favorite  i rank it higher than  breaking the waves  or the latest  dancer in the dark  . . . i simply love the beauty of the picture . . . the framing is so original acting is wonderful  a must see .  
this is my favorite show . i think it is utterly brilliant . thanks to david chase for bringing this into my life .  br    br   season   br    br    . the sopranos     br    br    .   long  .     br    br    . denial  anger  acceptance     br    br    . meadowlands     br    br    . college  br    br    . pax soprana     br    br    . down neck  .     br    br    . the legend of tennessee moltisanti     br    br    . boca  .     br    br     . a hit is a hit  .     br    br     . nobody knows anything     br    br     . isabella     br    br     . i dream of jeannie cusamano     
the sopranos was probably the last best show to air in the    s . its sad that its over  its was the best show on hbo if not on tv  not everything was spelled out for you throughout you had to think  it was brilliant . the cast was excellent . tony  james gandolphini  is a great actor and played his character excellent  as well as the others . each character had flaws thats what made them so real and allowed the viewers to connect with them and thats one reason it lasted so long . the last episode was good  i  m not sure how to take it many different things can be construed by the ending id like to think that tony didn  t die but meadow walked in and sat down with them and that the blackout was just for suspense . tony will have to go to trial and deal with that hopefully is not dead thats how i feel . . . long live the sopranos and tony soprano . . . . . . .  
now i have read some negative reviews for this show on this website and quite frankly i  m appalled . for anyone to even think that the sopranos is not television then i  m afraid i don  t know what the world has come to . let me tell u something . i started watching many t . v shows like lost  prison break  dexter  deadwood and even invasion . but all of those shows lost their touch after the first season  especially lost and prison break which i refuse to watch because the companies took  genius ideas and butchered them by making more than one season . then we have the sopranos . i can honestly say that this is the only television series that i have ever watched where i have been enthralled in all of its season  and more importantly all of its episodes . there is no department that this show doesn  t excel in . acting  nothing short of superb . james gandolfini is one of my favourite actors and i feel that his acting is absolutely stunning in every episode  after i heard that hbo wanted ray liotta to play tony i felt that it would  ve been the better choice  however after watching the first few episodes  i knew that hbo had done a great job in casting james as tony . the raw emotion he displays is superb . then we have everyone else  edie falco  michael imperioli  lorraine bracco  dominic chianese  whom i remembered as johnny ola in the godfather part   and my personal two favourite characters tony sirico and steve van zandt paulie  walnuts  gualtieri and silvio dante . all of these actors perform to the best quality  and all giving an excellent performance in each episode . then we have the story  never have i been so sucked into a t . v show before . the story is nothing short of excellent . each episode is directed superbly and the score of this show is just fantastic . i feel that the sopranos is one show that i can watch again and again and never get bored of . its got everything from hilarious humour to brutal violence  but nonetheless it is and will always be the best thing to ever grace the television  and i challenge anyone to find a real flaw in the show . not just say its too violent  or they feel that the character of tony is immoral  i mean it is a mafia show at the end of the day  i don  t think that the characters are going to be very honest or loyal to god . i implore everyone to watch this show because believe me  you  ll be hooked from the very first episode  i was and i have even gotten a few friends who had firstly refused to watch the show  hooked on it . trust me when i say that this show is a godsend compared to the crap that comes on t . v . after you  ve watched the first season  you  ll inevitably agree with me when i once again say that this show dominates television  and no t . v show current or future will ever upstage the marvel that is the sopranos .  
  the godfather  of television  but aside from it  s acclaim and mobster characters  the two are nothing alike . tony soprano is forced to go to a psychiatrist after a series of panic attacks . his psychiatrist learns that tony is actually part of two families   in one family he is a loving father yet not  so  perfect  husband  and in the other family he is a ruthless wiseguy . after analysis  dr . melfi concludes that tony  s problems actually derive from his mother livia  who  s suspected to have borderline  personality disorder . gandolfini is rightfully praised as the main character yet bracco and marchand aren  t nearly as recognized for their equally and talented performances as the psychiatrist and mother  respectively . falco  imperioli and dematteo are acclaimed for their brilliant supporting roles . van zandt  from the e  street band  plays his first and only role as tony  s best friend  and is quite convincing and latching . chianese  the only recurring actor to have actually appeared in a godfather film  plays tony  s uncle and on  and  off nemesis . many fans also enjoyed characters played by pastore  ventimiglia  curatola  proval  pantoliano  lip  sciorra and buscemi . tony  s children are  okay  but not notable  with the exception of iler  s stunning performance in the third  to  last episode   the second coming    sirico and schirripa are unconvincing and over  the  top  but the show is too strong for them to hold it back . even as the show continues for over six season  it ceases to have a dull or predictable moment .  br    br     out of four   
as the godfather saga was the view of the mafia from the executive suite  this series is a complex tale of the mafia from the working man  s point of view . if you  ve never watched this show  you  re in for an extended treat . yes  there is violence and nudity  but it is never gratuitous and is needed to contrast tony soprano  the thinking man  s gangster  with the reality of the life he has been born to and  quite frankly  would not ever have left even knowing how so many of his associates have ended up . tony soprano can discuss sun tzu with his therapist  then beat a man to death with a frying pan in a fit of rage  and while dismembering and disposing of the body with his nephew  take a break  sit down and watch tv while eating peanut butter out of the jar  and give that nephew advice on his upcoming marriage like they had just finished a sunday afternoon of viewing nfl football . even carmella  his wife  when given a chance for a way out  finds that she really prefers life with tony and the perks that go with it and looking the other way at his indiscretions versus life on her own . if you followed the whole thing  you know how it ends . if you didn  t  trust me you  ve never seen a tv show end like this .  
though  the sopranos  is yet another gift from the megahit  the godfather  and sequels  which dramatized and to a certain extent glamorized the mafia   the sopranos  takes another tack . no suited up  classy mobsters here with homes in lake tahoe and stakes in vegas casinos  these guys are goombahs  with a front of waste management  who deal with things that fall off the back of trucks  topless bars  protection money  in short  what the neighborhood mobs were all about .  br    br   colorful characters dominate this series  which doesn  t hold back on the sex and graphic violence . tony soprano  james gandolfini  is a mob head with a wife and two children  living in new jersey  who suffers from panic attacks as he tries to balance his biological family with his mafia one . to get to the bottom of his attacks  he sees a psychiatrist  jennifer melfi  lorraine bracco   who is afraid of him and yet attracted to him at the same time . tony  s henchman  paulie  his nephew christopher  his uncle junior  the titular head of the mob   his good friend pussy  are all fully fleshed  out characters .  br    br   as we learn going through the series  there are enemies not only from without  but from within  and one of those enemies includes tony  s sickly but horrible mother  nancy marchand   who convinces junior that tony is a danger to him . tony  s sister janice  meanwhile  is searching for money in her mother  s house with a stethoscope and a geiger counter . tony has mistress problems  and a wife  edie falco  who puts up with a lot because she loves him  all the while keeping ties to her catholic religion .  the church frowns on divorce   she tells one woman contemplating a split .  let the pope live with him   is the response . as far as tony  s mistress problems  his psychiatrist points out that tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is ever enough  and asks him if it sounds familiar . yeah  it sounds like his mother .  br    br   i  m of italian descent  and yes  i  m sick of italians being shown in a negative light and everyone assuming all italians are mobsters . yet you can  t help liking this show  which is a constant reminder of our culture .  thanksgiving  it  s pointed out  isn  t turkey and sweet potato pie  it  s the antipasto  the manicotti  the meatballs and escarole  and then the bird   not to mention  the right  on pronunciation of words like melenzana  mullinyan   escarole  scarole   manicotti  manigot  etc . the only un  italian thing about tony is that he doesn  t have a finished basement  something unheard of in the rest of my family  except my parents never had one either  .  br    br   the standouts in this show are gandolfini  as a ruthless gangster on antidepressants  falco  who is brilliant as his wife  and bracco as the tortured jennifer . but everyone is excellent . if you can take the violence and the language  this is a great show  an unrelenting portrait of new jersey mob life .  
the sopranos is probably the most widely acclaimed tv series ever  so naturally my expectations were through the roof  and yet the show surpassed them . i love the mafia and crime genre in film and i enjoy following the compelling stories set in these worlds  but this is so much more .    hours of material gives the story a chance to not only be one of the most thrilling and unpredictable mafia  action stories  but also to be a great family drama  a shocking character study  a laugh  out  loud comedy  a brilliant psychological examination dealing with the nature of good and evil  and an intellectual arty collaboration of representative dreams and hallucinations all in one . david chase  s epic series manages to accomplish all of this and more  and cements hbo as the closest tv can get to cinematic perfection  paving the road for a number of other series to continue blowing audiences away .  br    br   realism is present when it is needed  but chase  s decisions to depart from it for effect on occasion for  dream episodes  and the like only adds more layers to the series . chase   along with a strong writing staff including matthew weiner and terrence winter  future creators of mad men and boardwalk empire respectively   turns new jersey into an intricate universe full of the greatest cast of characters i  ve seen on tv .  br    br   james gandolfini domineers the show as tony  one of the most groundbreaking characters on tv ever . tony adheres to half of the mobster stereotypes from pop culture  but he defies the other half entirely  and through his family interactions and his therapy sessions with dr . melfi  lorraine bracco  with whom he has a considerable chemistry that ensures that the therapy scenes always have a completely different feel to the rest of the show   we see nearly every side to tony soprano and learn that he is more of an everyman than one would expect .  br    br   edie falco matches the power of gandolfini  s performance as tony  s wife carmela . from her mixed feelings about tony  s lifestyle  to her suspicions about murders  to her torment over tony  s cheating  to her own thoughts about infidelity  carmela runs the gamut of emotions throughout  seasons and falco makes her the prime vehicle for the non  mafia viewers to have eyes into such a corrupt world . scenes between tony and carmela provide some of the most heartwrenching and painfully realistic drama ever seen on television .  br    br   the supporting cast is almost as phenomenal  and a wide array of characters populate the cast over all six seasons  somehow without any redundancies . nancy marchand steals the show as tony  s overbearing mother livia  an insight into tony  s personality problems and panic attacks . the familiarity of marchand  s incessant complaints is almost gruesome since she takes the character so believably far . michael imperioli is christopher  tony  s protg  whose various poor choices lead him down a road that is painful to watch but brilliantly executed . drea de matteo plays christopher  s girlfriend adriana  and is so well  meaning and loving that the dark arc her character takes as she gets too involved with christopher  s career . tony sirico is paulie  introduced as the ultimate mafia stereotype and a source of comic  but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters on the show  and nobody plays true anger better than he . and that  s just the tip of the iceberg .  br    br   familiar faces such as peter bogdanovich  jon favreau  ben kingsley  lauren bacall  will arnett  nancy sinatra  david strathairn  robert patrick  hal holbrook  burt young  and eric mangini make appearances over the course of the show  while names as notable as joe pantoliano  steve buscemi  and steven van zandt have regular roles as main characters in the series . there are    great characters with powerful arcs  and the excitement and tension never let up in any of the various subplots throughout the show .  br    br   comedic elements and entire episodes filled with brilliant hilarity dilute the powerhouse dramatic intensity of the series  which is so multipurpose that for one reason or enough  the credits of nearly any episode left me somewhat bewildered . the sopranos is the most powerful and addicting series i have seen overall  and its highs are so mindblowing that i would have to call it my favourite show in spite of arguable lows  most of which i disagree with  .  br    br   whether you love or hate the ending  or what you make of it is irrelevant the discussion it has created is an achievement in itself . the iconic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history . there are multiple elements for anyone to love and marvel at in this show  so if you  re thinking of watching something else instead  do yourself a favour and fuhgeddaboutit .  
the sopranos  now preparing to end  is the very peak of adult television and drama . when the sopranos hits the mark  it really hits the mark . using great writing and great actors  most of them being extras from goodfellas  the series is aloud to progress in a satisfyingly unpredictable and exceptional way . heading up the cast is james gandolfini  who for all intensive purposes is tony soprano  and edie falco  who certainly holds her own . the series also boasts a great collection of regulars to push the plot along by any means necessary  usually violence and foul language  . tony sirico  michael imperioli and steve van zandt are great secondary characters that make every episode more interesting . seasonal extras are also worth note including names like steve buscemi  great    joe pantoliano  great    david proval  good   robert patrick  robert loggia and frank vincent .  br    br   the sopranos is a great family drama and a realistic interpretation of modern day mafia societies that despite the rare bad story lines manages to be unique tv . symbolism and simple story lines  dreams and shoot  outs and many other things create intertwining stories and relationships that at the end of each season are resolved to create yet another perfect hbo package . watch it . . .  
well . . . easily my favourite tv series ever . call me a walking mail clich but include violence  mafia  sex  gambling  drugs etc . on a show and you  re already winning points on in my book . combine all that with acting that superceeds anything you  ve ever seen on the small screen  add directing that fits cinema of the vintage type and most of all writing that blows the mind  and a few brains a long the way  and you got yourself a show thats gonna be pretty tough to compete with .  br    br   above all stand two actors  james gandolfini as tony soprano  and edie falco as his wife carmela . . . as for gandolfini  he fits his roll in a way that words cannot express  if you haven  t seen him as tony yet see it now   br    br   i can go on and on and on about every character in the show  the psychological brilliance  the gripping scenes etc . but you wouldn  t be able to stop me so all i can say is that this is about the only show along with seinfeld  that i am able to watch over and over again from start to finish and end up enjoying it even more .  
the sopranos stands out as an airtight  dynamic exploration of american life  and how the american experience is shaped and defined by money . by setting the story in the milieu of the underworld  david chase eliminates all barriers to a grunt  low to the ground and outright mean deconstruction of the post  modern era .  br    br   every character represents a facet of american industry . tony soprano exemplifies the beleaguered working stiff  torn between familial duty and a need to keep his  business  on an even keel . the convergence of these two things is the imperative that keeps the story moving forward . the characters of christopher  paulie  and bobby reflect the loyal  but self  serving underlings present in every enterprise  who are trusted out of necessity rather than merit . with the character of ralph  joe pantoliano essays a brilliant interpretation of the charismatic psychopath  a twisted businessman who  s flourishes of violence are tragically outweighed by his stunning earning power . and dominic chianese is the ultimate symbol of the antiquated old  guard  which maintains power through established relationships and the need of the up  and  comers to deflect blame .  br    br   though abrasive and occasionally disturbing  the sopranos has earned its place as the ultimate tv drama .  br    br   ps a good companion piece to chase  s series would be the shield  another violent drama that manages to make the ugliest of characters interesting .  
i think you would have to be from the usa to get a lot of the jokes . but if you liked princess bride and forest gump  you would like this movie . you can  t compare the quality of the filming to those of course  but having the cameraman trip was obviously done on purpose . killer tomatoes is a hundred times better than nepolean dynamite . just my opinion . i  m sure that people from france would not appreciate the caricatures of the french . so this film isn  t for a world audience . and while i am not a trained film critic  i know what i like . i couldn  t stop laughing through the whole movie . my sides and my jaws were hurting at the end of the movie .  
i can  t add an awful lot to the positive reviews already on here  great acting  balanced writing  multi  faceted characters  a great anti  hero in tony  great commentary on millennial american life . the integral use of psychiatry coupled with tony  s mother issues are especially fresh and humorous . several other characters add a lot of depth  hesh  s interesting history as an outsider muscling in  ralphie  s total irredeemable viciousness  chris  dual desires in life  and so on .  br    br   i have to dig into some of the criticisms however  especially the  it glorifies violence  belittles italian  americans  one . most of the writers and actors are italian  american  would they attack themselves  there are several positive italian  american characters  artie bucco the chef  dr . melfi and her family and the cusamanos next door to the sopranos . indeed  dr melfi  s ex  husband notes in season  that only a tiny minority of italian  americans have ever had mob connections  certainly smaller than the proportion of african  americans involved in crime  dare i say it . in both cases poverty and lack of opportunity are the biggest causes  .  br    br   most of the characters don  t really choose the life they have family background or circumstances largely corner them into it . outsiders  even of italian stock  who attempt to integrate into it usually meet distressing ends  matthew and his friend in season   for example . if you criticise this show  i assume frasier made you want to be a psychiatrist  or will  grace made you want to go homosexual  presumably you won  t listen to rap music that discusses gangs  or r  n  b which discusses promiscuity  or rock music which discusses drugs  or any other combination   people aren  t as stupid as some of you make out . . . .  br    br   not everything is perfect however . a lot of characters have only appeared once  when by all logic they should have been seen or at least mentioned in previous episodes  tracee the dancer  meadow  s friend ally  uncle junior  s ladyfriend  supposedly for   years until they split in season   .  
the sopranos is perhaps the most mind  opening series you could possibly ever want to watch . it  s smart  it  s quirky  it  s funny  and it carries the mafia genre so well that most people can  t resist watching . the best aspect of this show is the overwhelming realism of the characters  set in the subterranean world of the new york crime families . for most of the time  you really don  t know whether the wise guys will stab someone in the back  or buy them lunch .  br    br   further adding to the realistic approach of the characters in this show is the depth of their personalities  these are dangerous men  most of them murderers  but by god if you don  t love them too . i  ve laughed at their wisecracks  been torn when they  ve made err in judgement  and felt scared at the sheer ruthlessness of a serious criminal .  br    br   the suburban setting of new jersey is absolutely perfect for this show  s subtext  people aren  t always as they seem  and the stark contrast between humdrum and the actions taken by these seemingly petty criminals weigh up to even the odds .  br    br   if you haven  t already  you most definitely should .  
take a pinch of goodfellas  mix it with the godfather  add some roman mythology and plenty of lowbrow comedy  and you have the sopranos  about a mob clan operating out of northern new jersey . it  s almost as entertaining as pro wrestling . i am not the biggest fan of this show  but i do admire james gandolfini  s very complicated tony soprano  a psychopath with an occasional glimmer of conscience . i also have come to admire te contributions of folks like gravel  voiced dom chianese as the bewildered but murderous uncle junior  silver  haired tony sirico as the perpetually perplexed paulie and the very beautiful edie falco as the duplicitous  tough  as  nails carmela soprano . the violence is sudden and graphic  the body count steadily climbs each season  but it is often the small moments that matter most here . watch paulie and tony  s nephew christopher  michael imperioli late of law  order  as they get lost in the pine barrens and sit out a bitter cold night in an abandoned trruck  both convinced they  ve had it .  
i  ve only watched the first series on dvd  but would summarise the sopranos as a shakespearean plot with a tarantino  like script . the series is as good as goodfellas and casino  and almost as good as the godfather  hence not a       and far better than any of guy ritchie  s efforts . although there  s plenty of action  some of it pretty bloody  the story is character driven . even some of the minor characters contribute to great story lines e . g . the priest  s relationship  or lack of  with carmilla and the restaurateur  s wife  and christopher and his dimwit friend  who didn  t last very long  a darwin award nominee     br    br   apart from the plot  the script and the acting  the other reasons i liked it  br    br    . it made me want to visit new jersey and eat pasta with a tomatoey sauce .  . the music .  . it shows that literally anyone can suffer from mental health problems .  
it probably isn  t fair that i have got to see the majority of all the interesting reviews on the sopranos and then get to add what people have forgotten  but oh well . . . . . . .  br    br   from a standpoint of acting  how could any actor fail with these characters  each one mesmerizing and intense in their pursuits of life . tony soprano  while a mob  capo  and suffering from mental illness  still sees his life in front of him and knows what has to be done to survive . each of his men  you see their lives virtually from the inside like the truest form of voyerism . it definitely brings out a sort  nosey  side in each and every viewer  and i include myself in this   br    br   while some above don  t care for bracco  i have to say this is the freshest role she has had in years since good fellas . she is the side of tony that makes him listen to reason  that makes him decent  that offers him respite when dealing with his human emotions that he has failed to feel for so long  if ever . she is simply put  his savior .  not speaking in religious tones   br    br   but the knockout performance here is without doubt  edie falco . to see her prison guard role in the other acclaimed hbo series   oz  and then see her as livia is the ultimate compliment for any actor or actress . she has transcended the boundries of a recognizable actress  something only actresses like merle streep can get away with . a sort of chameleon quality to transcend roles . but as i have mentioned before  with a characters a strong as these  how can any actor fail   br    br   livia  s strength is in her daily affirmation of faith in herself . she is a survivor  as she hopes her husband and family will be survivors . she is prepared for the worst because she knows the hazards of her husband  s business  yet knows the lifestyle she has is more then most women from jersey . she is wise if not wiser and more street savvy then tony himself .  br    br   all in all  the biggest crime from the soprano family is that we the viewer have to wait until january     to see the next season . this in my opinion is the worst thing about the hbo series . it was what brought the larry sanders show  sex and the city  dream on  and others back down to earth in popularity and eventually killed them . too much space in between seasons and very sporadic . until then  i will watch the reruns with the hope that this gap in programming is filled .  
i believe that the sopranos is an awesome show because of all the supporting characters in it . i have bought every video so far and am waiting for the rest to be released . in all   episodes so far  the best one is definitely episode    denial  anger  acceptance . this episode deals with my most favorite character of all time in the sopranos . his name was brendan filone . he was killed for hijacking the wrong truck and accidentally killing a truck driver . brendan was awesome because he was actually one of the few characters who actually stood against tony and his gang . in the end  he ended up getting shot through the eye while taking a bath  and that  s my most favorite scene ever in the history of the sopranos . brendan filone is   for me . and my   most favorite character ever was matthew bevilaqua  who was killed after attempting to murder christopher moltisanti . tony and pussy shoot him in hucklebarney park after they catch and torture him . my   most favorite character is sean gismonte  who was killed right after shooting christopher . and finally  my   most favorite character is chucky signore  one of uncle junior  s henchmen . he was killed on a boat by tony . all the awesome characters are dead . that  s the only bad thing about the sopranos . all the cool guys always get killed . you know what would be great to change about the sopranos  they should have a whole episode where they show all the dead supporting characters in hell and they are all trying to torture chris  tony  uncle junior  silvio  and paulie  because they need to get their revenge . brendan filone shall strike back            
  the godfather    citizen kane    star wars    goodfellas  none of the above compare to the complex brilliance of  the sopranos  . each and every character has layers upon layers of absolute verity  completely and utterly three dimensional . we care about tony soprano wholeheartedly  despite the fact that in the simplest model of good vs . evil  he is evil . soprano is the most provocative  intricate  and fascinating protagonist ever created to this point in history . if you  re in the mood to be overtly challenged as a viewer  and to be forever altered on your feelings toward entertainment  watch  the sopranos  . i defy anybody to sit down and watch the very first episode of season   and not want to continue with the series . each season is completely brilliant in its own way . dvds are essential to anybody  s collection  of out   
not only do the storylines in  the sopranos  engage audiences from all over  but i think  for me at least  what brings the viewers back is the acting .  not even you  gary  can dispute that claim  james gandolfini  who plays the lead  man  tony soprano  has become  in this viewer  s opinion  one of the  hollywood elites  as far as acting in a television series goes . i wouldn  t go ahead and compare him with robert deniro or al pacino  or at least  not just yet . he  however  does do a hell of a job playing the part of tony soprano . in the years since      gandolfini has risen so much so as an actor  mainly thanks to his role in the sopranos  that today he is considered to be among the best in the business . and it  s not just him .  the sopranos  fields a great supporting cast including that of lorraine bracco  edie falco  michael imperioli  dominic chianese  and the late nancy marchand who played tony  s dreadful mother . at this point in the show  s existence  it  s being considered a cult  classic and rightfully so . the first two seasons were extraordinary . violent and quite gruesome in a pretty frequent manner  but without a doubt  extraordinarily done . the third season was great  but didn  t quite live up to the hype of seasons  and  . season   which wrapped up right before new  years  was the weakest season yet  or at least  in my opinion it was  . despite a dry  spell  i still found it  season  of  the sopranos   to be more entertaining than most of its competition and that  s saying a lot because lately i  ve been noticing a trend in good new television shows . examples of this six feet under  the shield  curb your enthusiasm  and oz  which is not technically a new show but ended with an unforgettable final season this year  . to get back to my point though  to consider a show better than all the competition during a particularly bad year  no less  is quite an accomplishment on the part of the writers .  the sopranos  ranks above and beyond all other television shows in its era and its writers deserve a lot of credit . to close  i  d like to say   the sopranos  is the real deal folks . for the average mature viewer    and above  who enjoys drama and doesn  t mind a mixing of a little violence and profanity  you might want to check out  the sopranos  if you get the chance . trust me in that it will be well worth the time .  
the  gangster  genre is now a worn subject one that is too often subjected to parody . in retrospect the series is a culmination of previous clichs that have been utilized in it  s genre  thankfully the writers have advanced upon this flaw by creating a realism which has been applied to it . the sopranos is an epic crime saga that illustrates it  s content with psychological depth that is characterized with subtle nuance  humor and unvarnished violence . the key protagonist tony soprano is perceived as a perilous general bereft of fear and moral values by his crew  however  tony is of two persona  s one which is bestial while the other is conflicted with guilt and resent . with out any inhibitions or contradictions i still adamantly believe that the sopranos has the finest ensemble cast of recent memory . all things considered i could make an elaborate statement on the series  but i won  t . if ever there is a visual dictionary in global consumerism search for these definitions vital  ambiguous  unrelenting  epic  uncompromising and the sopranos shattered visage will be smiling right back at you .  
there are so many reasons as to why i rate the sopranos so highly  one of its biggest triumphs being the cast and character building . each character unfolds more and more each series . also each series has an array of different  small time characters  as well as the main . a good example of a character  who was only in three episodes  who you can feel for is david the compulsive gambler played brilliantly by robert patrick . every little detail builds the perfect tv series . the show revolves round mob boss tony soprano  james gandolfini  who attempts to balance his life of crime with his role as father of two . the show is not afraid to be bold and powerful with its dialogue and imagery and this is what makes it so believable . whilst tony runs things with capos paulie  tony sirico  and silvio  steve van zant  his nephew christopher  michael imperioli  looks for a promotion . every episode also features tony  s other family in some way which includes his children and wife carmela soprano  edie falco  . on top of these problems is his uncle junior soprano  dominic chianese  is trying to get what he can out of tony  s businesses despite being under house arrest . all the acting is powerful and characters complex  but the two who stand out the most are james gandolfini who  is  tony soprano . also michael imperioli who plays christopher  representing the younger        generation in crime . if david chase had not created this masterpiece modern tv dramas of such caliber may not have existed  such as the wire and dexter . so the sopranos is definitely the godfather  goodfellas and pulp fiction of tv  
this is not  so bad that it is good   it is purely good  for those who don  t understand why  you have the intellect of a four year old  in response to a certain comment . . .  anyways  killer tomatoes eat france is a parody of itself  a parody of you  and a parody of me . it is the single most genius text in cinematic history . i have it and the three prequels sitting on my dvd rack next to herzog and kurosawa . it embodies the recognition of absurdity and undermines all that you or me call standard . i write scripts and this movie single  handedly opened up a genre of comedy for me  the likes of which we have never seen . it can only be taken in portions . . . its sort of exploitive . . . by now i  m just trying to take up the ten line minimum . my comment ended a while ago . hopefully it works when i submit it now .  
wow . i loved the whole series  and am shocked at comments by people who thought it ended badly . perhaps it waffled a bit in seasons     while remaining better than anything else on television . but  and particularly  b were beautiful permutations on the themes developed in the more muscular first three seasons .  br    br    b started with such a sombre mood and janice  s always keen insight into the family angst  that doom  filled line about knowing tony  s penchant for sitting and staring . anyone who missed the implications of that for the rest of the series does not know tony . melfi  s discomfort over the psychiatric study and its references to the sociopath  s self  deluding sentimentality for pets and animals goes back to the first episodes of the series  say  with tony  s panic attack over the ducks leaving his pool and resonates with phil  s  wave bye  bye  line to his grandchildren before the coup de grace of the final episode  not to get into chase  s dark humour  .  br    br   i could go on and on  but i  ll just add that i thought the final show  starting with the opening strains of vanilla fudge to supply the ironic foreshadow   you keep me hangin  on   to the terminal moments where tony fades back into complacency with his family in tow or blasts apart like aj  s suv or phil  s head were  utterly  utterly perfect . the best tv ever .  br    br   pretty good in a dying medium pathologically supplying the  jack  off fantasies  aj derides  and then into which he promptly subsides  . a tip of the pork pie to mr . chase .  
as a guy who has seen all the seasons  i can say that jg constantly surprises me . i mean  after you saw him shifting from laughter to paranoia instantly throughout the seasons and after every little gesture of his made u believe he is a gangster  u thought to yourself ok he is a good actor and he can get into a gangster  s skin . but after seeing him opening his eyes and struggling for his life  i mean i could almost feel the pain he  made  us believe he was going through . i was so touched by his performance that i immediately thought at robert de niro  marlon brando and al pacino . these guys were definitely the best of their generations and even more . but nowadays they are either old or dead  brando  and it  s ok that they make less movies and their performances are  lighter  than they used to be . i can  t wait to see gandolfini in other movies where he delivers a totally different role . can u recommend me some of his older movies where he gives a memorable performance   
when we started watching this series on cable  i had no idea how addictive it would be . even when you hate a character  you hold back because they are so beautifully developed  you can almost understand why they react to frustration  fear  greed or temptation the way they do . it  s almost as if the viewer is experiencing one of christopher  s learning curves .  br    br   i can  t understand why adriana would put up with christopher  s abuse of her  verbally  physically and emotionally  but i just have to read the newspaper to see how many women can and do tolerate such behavior . carmella has a dream house  endless supply of expensive things  but i  m sure she would give it up for a loving and faithful husband  or maybe not . that  s why i watch .  br    br   it doesn  t matter how many times you watch an episode  you can find something you missed the first five times . we even watch episodes out of sequence  watch season  on late night with commercials but all the language  ae with language censored  reruns on the movie network   whenever they  re on  we  re there . we  ve been totally spoiled now .  br    br   i also love the malaprop  s .  an albacore around my neck  is my favorite of johnny boy . when these jewels have entered our family vocabulary  it is a sign that i should get a life . i will when the series ends  and i have collected all the dvd  s  and put the collection in my will .  
greetings from this portuguese guy    br    br   i believe the sopranos are one of the best production ever  it has reality and fiction mixed in such a way  that it  s hard to see the difference . it has the same quality as godfather  james gandolfini fits at the paper as a glove  i would love the sopranos would never finish at all . it  s perfect  it should be a subject in school   i saw sopranos when i was a kid  but i was too young to stay waked until the episode ends  so now i bought the all episodes in dvd format and i am watching all episodes at home before and after dinner and i am getting addicted  like i did with prison break . in my opinion prison break and the sopranos are the best  ever series made for television . the argument of both are splendid and the actors are perfect . congratulations for such a work .  br    br   sorry about my english . thanks for reading .  
the sopranos             br    br   number   television show of all time  br    br   everyone thought this would be a stupid thing that wouldn  t go past a pilot episode . the sopranos has become a cultural phenomenon and universally agreed as one of the greatest television shows of all time .  br    br   james gandolfini plays the enigmatic new jersey crime boss  tony soprano  accompanied by a stellar cast . edie falco is superb as the worrying  loving upper  middle class mother tony sirico is tremendous as a superstitious  greying consiglieri who is often very funny .  br    br   while the show has often been criticised for the negative stereotype of italian  americans as mafiosi  and to an extent this is undeniable  i can see so many positives from the show . the portrayal of strong family values  friendships  love and compassion could this be present in a coarse television show about gangsters  yes . furthermore  other burning issues are discussed such as terrorism  social inequality and injustice  homosexuality  drugs etc . this is no shallow  dull show about tough guys and violence . it has so much more . many of the issues we see on the show are very real .  br    br   the writing which has been pretty much great has infused so successfully current issues and managed to imbred them within the characters  lives  which makes the whole thing more interesting .  br    br   credit must go to david chase who has created an excellent television treasure and to james gandolfini  for envisioning  television  s most complex and enigmatic character .  br    br   simply exceptional .  br    br         
what can you possibly say about a show of this magnitude   the sopranos  has literally redefined television as we know it . it has broken all rules  and set new standards for television excellence . everything is flawless  the writing  directing  and for me  most of all  the acting . watching this show you  ll find yourself realizing that these characters are not real . the acting tricks you into thinking there is a real tony soprano  or any character . this show is also very versatile . some people don  t watch the show because it  s violent  it  s not all about the violence  it  s about business  family  and many deeper things that all depend on what you  as a fan see . for me  i don  t like when people refer to the show  a show about the mafia . for me  it  s a show about family . a family who  through generations  happen to be apart of the mob . overall this is a masterpiece of a show . this is what television should be . right here . complex characters from stunning acting  magnificent story lines from brilliant writing  and what do you get when you mix these ingredients together  a show that defines excellence  and dares to be different .  
the sopranos is arguably the greatest show in dramatic television history .  br    br   its hard to think of another series that boasts so much intelligence  sublime writing or first rate performances .  br    br   across its epic scope it produces fresh and iconic characters and a constant level of high quality . centering around the life of one tony soprano  a man who lives in two families . one is the conventional wife and two kids nuclear family the other a huge new jersey mafia group  of which he is the boss of both . played by james gandolfini  of true romance and the mexican fame  tony is a fascinating  scary but also likable guy . full praise must be given to gandolfini for making a womanising and horrifically aggressive brute a genuinely identifiable and perfect leading man . contemporay american drama has never had such an arresting and iconic figure as tony .  br    br   the cast of hundreds never boasts a flat performance and such stand out characters like paulie walnuts and ralph cifaretto will stick in your memory for ever .  br    br   the true genius of this tale however  is the creator and writers bravery and revolutionary take on a conventional drama series . twenty minute long dream sequences  powerful and original use of symbolism and metaphorical imagery and truly shocking scenes of violence . yet all this style is met by truly touching themes of love  honour and respect for family . the series never becomes cold hearted or gratuitous .  br    br   with tv now competitive and often poor the sopranos stands tall above the rest as america  s most original and compelling drama . forget family redifined . this is television redifined .  
i love midnight cowboy and have it in my video collection as it is a favorite of mine . what is interesting to me is how when midnight cowboy came out in      it was so shocking to viewers that it was rated x . of course  at that time x meant maturity . since i was only two years old at the time of the movie  s release  it is hard for me to imagine just how shocked viewers were back then . however  when i try to take into account that many of the topics covered in the film  which included prostitution  the title itself was slang for a male prostitute   homosexuality loneliness physical  and to some extent emotional as well  abuse and drugs are hard for many people to talk about to this day  i can begin to get a sense of what viewers of this movie thought back on its release . it is worth noting that in the      s  midnight cowboy was downgraded to an r rating and even though it is still rated r  some of the scenes could almost be rated pg    by today  s standards .  br    br   i want to briefly give a synopsis of the plot although it is probably known to almost anyone who has heard of the movie . jon voight plays a young man named joe buck from texas who decides that he can make it big as a male hustler in new york city escorting rich women . he emulates cowboy actors like roy rogers by wearing a cowboy outfit thinking that that will impress women . after being rejected by all the women he has come across  he meets a sleazy con  man named enrico  ratso  rizzo who is played by dustin hoffman . ratso convinces joe that he can make all kinds of money if he has a manager . once again  joe is conned and before long is homeless . however  joe comes across ratso and is invited to stay in a dilapidated apartment . without giving away much more of the plot  i want to say that the remainder of the movie deals with joe and ratso as they try to help one another in an attempt to fulfill their dreams . i . e . joe making it as a gigolo and ratso going down to florida where he thinks he can regain his health .  br    br   i want to make some comments about the movie itself . first of all  the acting is excellent  especially the leads . although the movie is really very sad from the beginning to the end  there are some classic scenes . in fact  there are some scenes that while they are not intended to be funny  i find them amusing . for example  there is the classic scene where dustin hoffman and jon voight are walking down a city street and a cab practically runs them over . dustin hoffman bangs on the cab and says  hey  i  m walkin  here  i  m walkin  here   i get a kick out of that scene because it is so typical of new york city where so many people are in a hurry . another scene that comes to mind is the scene where ratso  dustin hoffman  sends joe  jon voight  to a guy named o  daniel . what is amusing is that at first  we think o  daniel is there to recruit gigolos and can see why joe is getting so excited but then we begin to realize that o  daniel is nothing but a religious nut . in addition to the two scenes i mentioned  i love the scene where ratso and joe are arguing in their apartment when ratso says to joe that his cowboy outfit only attracts homosexuals and joe says in self  defense  john wayne  you gonna tell me he  s a fag   what i like is the delivery in that scene .  br    br   i would say that even though midnight cowboy was set in the late     s  much of it rings true today . that  s because although the area around   nd street in new york has been cleaned up in the form of disneyfication in the last several years  homelessness is still just as prevalent there now as it was   years ago . also  many people have unrealistic dreams of how they are going to strike it big only to have their dreams smashed as was the case with the jon voight character . one thing that impresses me about jon voight  s character is how he is a survivor and i felt that at the end of the movie  he had matured a great deal and that ratso  dustin hoffman  s character  was a good influence on him .  br    br   in conclusion  i want to say that i suggest that when watching this movie  one should watch it at least a couple of times because there are so many things that go on . for example  there are a bunch of flashback and dream sequences that made more sense to me after a couple of viewings . also  what i find interesting is that there is a lot in this movie that is left to interpretation such as what really happened with joe buck  jon voight  s character  and the people who were in his life in texas . even the ending  while i don  t want to give it away for those who have not seen the movie  is rather open  ended .  
first i would like to say how great this . it is astounding and sometimes shocking . and to say the least i  m   years old and this is my favorite movie  i can definitely stand a boring film  but this is anything but boring . it is like a trip through humanity . its stark realism shows through this monumental masterpiece . it is a heart wrenching tale of two down and outers  voight and hoffman  who build a mutual friendship . joe buck  voight  a naive texan stud comes to new york to make it rich by entertaining women . soon he meets rico  ratso  rizzo  hoffman   who is a poor man barely being able to pay rent . ratso becomes joe  s  manager  but soon both men can  t find joe a job which results in stealing food . as they try and survive on the streets of new york we realize how tough it is . they can  t get joe a girl until they meet a lady at a party . joe makes some money and soon joe takes ratso on a ratso  s dream spot  florida . the final five minutes are heart breaking yet some of the greatest moments in the film . from midnight cowboy we get a stark and sometimes disturbing urban view on life .  
i didn  t at all think of it this way  but my friend said the first thing he thought when he heard the title  midnight cowboy  was a gay porno . at that point  all i had known of it was the reference made to it in that  seinfeld  episode with jerry trying to get kramer to florida on that bus and kramer  s all sick and with a nosebleed .  br    br   the movie was great  and surprisingly upbeat and not all pissy pretentious pessimistic like some movies i can  t even remember because they  re all crap .  br    br   the plot basically consisted of a naive young cowboy joe buck going to new york trying to be a hustler  a male prostitute  basically   thinking it  ll be easy pickings  only to hit the brick wall hard when a woman ends up hustling him  charging him for their sexual encounter .  br    br   then he meets enrico salvatore rizzo  called  ratso  by everyone and the cute gay guys who make fun of him all the time . you think of him as a scoundrel  but a lovable one  like han solo or lando calrissian  and surprisingly he and joe become friends  and the movie is so sweet and heartwarming watching them being friendlier and such and such . rizzo reveals himself to actually be a sad  pitiable man who  s very sick  and very depressed and self  conscious  hates being called  ratso  and wants to go to florida  where he thinks life will be much better and all his problems resolved  and he  ll learn to be a cook and be famous there .  br    br   it  s heartwarming watching joe do all that he does to get them both down to florida  along with many hilarious moments  like ratso trying to steal food at that hippie party  and getting caught by the woman who says  gee  well  you know  it  s free . you don  t have to steal it .  and he says  well if it  s free then i ain  t stealin  it   and that classic moment completely unscripted and unscheduled where hoffman almost gets hit by that taxi  and screams  hey  i  m walkin  here  i  m walkin  here     and the acting is so believable  you  d never believe joe buck would grow up to be the distinguished and respected actor jon voight  and ratso rizzo would grow up to be the legendary and beloved dustin hoffman . it  s not the first time they  ve worked together in lead roles  but the chemistry is so thick and intense .  br    br   then there  s the sad part that i believe is quite an overstatement to call it  depressing  . ratso rizzo is falling apart all throughout the movie  can barely walk  barely eat  coughs a lot  is sick  and reaches a head  point on the bus on its way to florida . he  s hurting badly  and only miles away from miami  he finally dies on the bus . the bus driver reassures everyone that nothing  s wrong  and continues on . sad  but not in the kind of way that  d make you go home and cry and mope around miserably as though you  ve just lost your dog of   years .  br    br   all in all  great movie . and the soundtrack pretty much consists just of  everybody  s talking   played all throughout the movie at appropriate times . an odd move  but a great one  as the song is good and fits in with the tone of the movie perfectly . go see it  it  s great  go buy it  
this is a great example of a good  dumb movie . no  it is not high art by any means . nor is the script anywhere close to a woody allen or mel brooks . but so what  the killer tomatoes series  four movies and a cartoon series  are basically good  natured romps gleefully trampling on the kind of territory the zuckers ruled before they switched to making serious flicks .  br    br   as the title suggests  this fourth installment of the killer tomatoes trilogy deals with the killer tomatoes plot against france . in this case  professor gangrene  john astin  s  rd time in the role  has a plan to rule france through an ancient prophecy about the return of the rightful king of france . steve lundquist returns as igor  a humanoid tomato who wants to be a sportscaster and who just happens to be a dead ringer for the long  lost true king of france . obviously he also plays the aforementioned l  l t k of f  happily skewering the french language .  br    br   opposing them is the fearless fuzzy tomato  like the others  ft was introduced in the second film and would be a main character in the cartoon  and his human allies . mark price  recently unemployed as a result of the conclusion of the family ties series  plays a thinly disguised version of himself  passing himself as  michael j fox  as a way to win the girl of his dreams . and angela visser is a dream as marie  gleefully bouncing between unabashed virginal sexuality and borderline psychosis . oh that the former miss netherlands had had more of a film career  another returning member of the killer tomatoes stock company is rick rockwell  now best known as the hapless title subject of  who wants to marry a millionaire    . like co  creator john de bello  rockwell works both in front of and behind the camera in this series .  br    br   what can you say about jon de bello  not much  really  except that he had a singular vision and managed to pull it off and  having done that  has apparently dropped into obscurity . john  if you ever see this  thanks for giving us the killer tomatoes .  br    br   the script is heavily but not obnoxiously aware that this is just a movie . like return of the killer tomatoes  the action occasionally veers off the set and into the middle of the film crew . and mark price has a funny forum to complain about his own lack of success compared to his former costar michael j fox . this is the biggest budgeted of all the killer tomatoes flicks and is a nice send  off to the series . okay  the show then moved to fox kids as a cartoon series  which was also quite clever   but cartoons just aren  t the same .  
jon voight is brilliant in midnight cowboy  but hoffman  s performance  though reminiscent of his later turn in rainman  is the kind of performance that keeps me watching movies . as a portrayal of a new york character  only daniel day lewis  portrayal of bill butcher in gangs of new york comes to mind as comparable  and day doesn  t give his character the emotional depth that hoffman gives ratso .  br    br   it  s typical of hoffman  s way of acting that the actor we tend to identify most with midnight cowboy is voight . i think hoffman is one of the  or  best actors in the history of film at playing off the people around him in such a way that he raises their performances far above their normal levels .  br    br   voight  s buck is so naive that he would float out of the film altogether  except that ratso pulls him down  pulls him down  but also teaches him  a lot about how to survive and  more importantly  how to live .  br    br   midnight cowboy is a movie about escape that turns into a movie about finding yourself . i think that  as gritty a movie as it is  it has a very beautiful message  that no matter how much a loser you might be  ratso clearly defines  loser    if you can find a way to be true to yourself  you are in possession of the secret of life  and you might even be able to share that insight with someone else .  br    br   i can  t help but compare midnight cowboy to klute  from a few years later  which i think is more like a movie about finding yourself that turns into a movie about escape .  
i was going through a list of oscar winners and was surprised to see that this film beat butch cassidy and the sundance kid for best picture in     . after actually seeing it  however  i  m not surprised anymore . it was way ahead of its time in regards to its style  cinematography  and use of flashback to help develop joe buck  s character .  br    br   the most amazing thing to me is the depth of joe buck  s character in such a short movie . i think voight captured the naivete and the viciousness  when  provoked . the two scenes that really caught me were after he gets the blowjob in the theater and when the older man solicits him . i think when he looks in the mirror he  s trying to see if it  s really him that has done  or is about to do  something terrible .  br    br   i think it was a brilliant decision by hoffman to take this role . otherwise he may have been typecast after the graduate . anyway  this considered an all  time great for a reason .  
jon voight plays a man named joe . joe is shook up by a haunting childhood . he has a strong fear and hatred of religion due to his traumatic baptism . he quits his job as a dishwasher and goes out to become a hustler for wealthy people . he meets a misfit named ratso  dustin hoffman  and the two for a relationship . they go out and work together in helping each other out . they become thieves . the two grow remarkably close and soon can  t live without each other . however  there is something very important that ratso hasn  t told joe  and it could destroy any hope they have of surviving the city together . this is one of the greatest films ever made . it is a heartbreaking and shattering portrait of too very lonely men who have nothing to lose but each other . their story is devastating to watch  but is ultimately important for people to see . it  s one of those films where the characters are pretty much just like the seemingly crazy people you sometimes find on the street . the difference is that this film is from their perspective . their lives are shown to us and it  s devastating to see the pedestrians in this film treat them like dirt  especially if we at one time were one of those people . however  the film doesn  t try to guilt trip you . instead  it shows you the rough side of the lifestyle of hustling . it is not a pleasant and easygoing lifestyle like many hollywood films portray it such as milk money and pretty woman . the lifestyle of being a male hustler is a dirty  gritty  and ugly life and it  s sad that people have degraded themselves like the character of joe in this film does . what startles me the most about this film was that it came out in      and it has stood the test of time perfectly . today  s audiences will still find great meaning in this film and will still love it and cherish it just as much as critics and audiences did everywhere in     . the film was rated x  but what i notice about this film is that the sexuality is portrayed in a much more honest  realistic  and effective way . anybody who has had sex before will know how humorous  awkward  and scary as hell it can be and this film doesn  t shy away from any of that . the sex in this film may not be as graphic as in once was thought to be . movies that were x rated such as midnight cowboy  a clockwork orange  greetings  last tango in paris  and fritz the cat all seem remarkably tame compared to the shocking things that people can get away with an r rating today . the sex scenes in midnight cowboy will seem quite strong but they certainly aren  t sexy . they are not graphic  but they are realistic  and that  s what people should keep in mind when they view this film . the course language that is used in the film  particularly the word  fag  is used effectively and is not gratuitous . the violence is very shocking to watch even today  but again it is necessary to the plot to depict the world of a hustler . i  m really glad to see that midnight cowboy is not dated and is still just as affecting as it was in      if not more . i can  t recommend this classic enough and i do hope that it continues to find an audience because it really is a very special and unforgettable experience that will not soon be forgotten .  br    br   pros  br    br    jon voight and dustin hoffman are both harrowing and amazing to watch . they have never played roles like this before or since and they are completely different from usual . you  ll forget who is playing them within minutes   br    br    beautiful score  br    br    not at all dated or campy like many films of that decade come off as today  br    br    fantastic and fast editing job  br    br   cons  br    br    for mature audiences only  br    br    the opening scenes are well done  but they could be just a little stronger .  
although i love this movie  i can barely watch it  it is so real . so  i put it on tonight and hid behind my bank of computers . i remembered it vividly  but just wanted to see if i could find something i hadn  t seen before . . . . . . . . i didn  t that  s because it  s so real to me .  br    br   another  user  wrote the ages of the commentators should be shown with their summary . i  m all for that  it  s absolutely obvious that most of these people who  ve made comments about  midnight cowboy  may not have been born when it was released . they are mentioning other movies jon voight and dustin hoffman have appeared in  at a later time . i  ll be just as ruinously frank i am    years  old . if you  re familiar with some of my other comments  you  ll be aware that i was a professional female  impersonator for   of those years  and also have appeared in film  you  d never recognize me  even if you were familiar with my night  club persona . do you think i know a lot about the characters in this film  you bet i do   . . . .  br    br   . . . . and am not the least bit ashamed . if you haven  t run  into some of them  it  s your loss  but  there  s a huge chance you have  but just didn  t know it . so many moms  dads  sons and daughters could surprise you . it should be no secret many actors  actresses have emerged from the backgrounds of  midnight cowboy  . who is to judge  i can name several  current big  time stars who were raised on the seedy streets of many cities  and weren  t the least bit damaged by their time spent there . i make no judgment  because these are humans  just as we all are  love  courage  kindness  compassion  intelligence  humility you name the attributes  they are all there  no matter what the package looks like .  br    br   the  trivia  about hoffman actually begging on the streets to prove he could do the role of  ratzo  is a gem  he can be seen driving his auto all around los angeles  how do you think he gets his input  i can also name lots of male  stars who have stood on the streets and cruised the bars for money . although the nightclub i last worked in for   years was world  famous and legit  i can also name some huge stars that had to be constantly chased out our back  street  looking to make a pick  up .  br    br   this should be no surprise today  although it  s definitely action in hollywood and other cities  large and small . wake  up and smell the roses . they smell no less sweet because they are of a different hue .  br    br   some of the  users  thought  joe buck  had been molested by his grandma . although i saw him in her bed with a boyfriend  i didn  t find any incidence of that . believe  it  or  not  kids haven  t always had their own rooms  because that is a must today should tell you something kinda kinky may be going  on in the master  bedroom . whose business  hoffman may have begged for change on the streets  but some of the  users  point  out that jon voight was not a major star for the filming of  midnight cowboy   his actual salary would surprise you . i think he was robbed  no one can doubt the clarity he put into his role  nor that it made him a star for such great work as  deliverance  . he defined a potent man who had conquered his devils and was the better for it few people commented he had been sodomized in this movie . the end of the   s may have been one of the first films to be so open  but society has always been hip .  br    br   i also did not find any homosexuality between  ratzo  and  joe   they were clearly opposites  unappealing to one another . they found a much purely higher relationship  true friendship . if you didn  t understand that at the end of the movie  then you  ve wasted your time .  joe  s  bewilderment  but unashamed devotion was apparent . yes  voight deserved an oscar for this role  one that john wayne could never pull  off  and he was as handsome in his youth .  br    br   hoffman is hoffman  you expect fireworks . he gave them superbly . wayne got his oscar . every character in this film was beautifully defined  if you don  t think they are still around  you are mistaken .  the party    attend some of the  raves  younger people attend . . . . . if you can get in . look at the lines of people trying to get into the hot clubs  you  ll see every outrageous personality .  br    br   brenda viccaro was the epitome of society  s sleek women who have to get down to the nitty  gritty at times . if you were shocked by her brilliant acting  thinking  this isn  t real   look at today  s  ladies  who live on the brink of disrepute . . . . and are admired for it .  br    br   the brutality  joe  displayed in robbing the old guy  unfortunately  is also a part of life . you don  t have to condone it  but it  s not too much different than any violence .  joe  pointedly named his purpose  in that situation  i  d have handed  over the money quicker than he asked for it . that  s one of the scenes that makes this movie a break  through  one which i do not watch . i get heartbroken for both . . . . .  br    br   john schlesinger certainly must have been familiar with this sordidness to direct this chillingly beautiful eye  opener  waldo salt didn  t write from clairvoyance . anyone who had any part of getting it to the screen must have realized they were making history  and should be proud for the honesty of it . perhaps  only in america  can we close our eyes to unpleasant situations  while other movie  makers make no compunction in presenting it to the public . not looking doesn  t mean it isn  t there  give me the truth every time . bravo  to all . . . . . .  
acidic  unremitting  and beautiful  john schlesinger  s masterpiece is no less effective today than   years ago  when american life was even more disorienting . the film probably could not have been made at any other time in history  because so many upheavals were taking place in the late     s final dissolution of the great american west  the intensification of war in vietnam  and the clash of social ideals that were bewildering in variety .  br    br    midnight cowboy  is widely known as the only academy award  winning film to garner an  x  rating  but there is much more behind its fame it also exceeds the norm as a work of art . while this film  from the novel by james leo herlihy  has much to say about the erosion of american life  it transcends    s politics by looking into the hidden bonds of friendship and dealing with themes familiar to man in all eras . the two main characters  in fact  are standard antiheroes  men who have nothing grand to offer but plenty to vent about our world .  br    br   the initial focus of  midnight cowboy  is on    year  old joe buck  a physically imposing texas native played by jon voight . in the opening scenes  we follow joe  s bus trip to new york city  where he plans on using one of his few genuine talents  the ability to pleasure women  and earn his fortune as a hustler . we learn upon his arrival that joe is laughably nave in the sex trade . garbed in cowboy duds and proclaiming himself as  one hell of a stud   the young texan flounders through his early tricks before partnering with enrico  ratso  rizzo  dustin hoffman   a sickly con man and petty thief from the bronx . ratso  who is short  thin  and with a limp  proves of little monetary help to joe . they quickly run out of cash and as life grows severe in the winter months  joe and ratso shiver in a condemned manhattan apartment building with hardly a dollar or square meal to their names . it is over this period that a strong friendship develops between them  the two men relying on each other to battle tremendous odds .  br    br   throughout the film  joe hearkens back to earlier years in texas  including life with his grandmother sally  ruth white   who served as guardian his harried relationship with  crazy  annie  jennifer salt   a notorious local girl and a traumatic event in which joe and annie were assaulted by town folk who wanted to break up the love affair . very much of its time   midnight cowboy  strings together a wild array of flashbacks  dream sequences  and psychedelic imagery that shed light on the main characters while also distorting their backgrounds . for every moment of understanding we gain from joe and ratso  more questions about their lives are generated . both men are no doubt in tatters they have no clear sense of direction until ratso falls into the throes of illness and joe finally senses a purpose for being alive . this revelation pushes  midnight cowboy  to its conclusion  a rather hopeful one in a very grim story .  br    br   while joe and ratso badly need some luck  the direction of john schlesinger is clearly outlined and uses the gritty atmosphere of waldo salt  s screenplay in allowing voight and hoffman to thrive . their interactions look extremely natural and the supporting cast  which features sylvia miles  brenda vaccaro  and members of the andy warhol clique  offers itself as an essential part of the storyline . the flashback sequences involving voight  ruth white  and jennifer salt are particularly impressive in dealing with the heartbreak of time lost .  br    br   any young person wondering about the psychedelic era is advised to watch this film  thanks to the excellent cinematography of adam holender   the boy who could fly    smoke   and editing by hugh robertson   shaft   . the visuals of  midnight cowboy  work with its soundtrack  assembled by john barry  as a cohesive unit  sometimes foreseeing music videos of the past two decades . the lead song everybody  s talking is sung by nilsson  which was actually used as a temporary track during the editing phase . the memorable harmonica theme is played by jean  toots  thielemans .  br    br    midnight cowboy  has been released in a two  disc collector  s edition by mgm  ua  which contains expanded features and commentary . also available is a     dvd release  used for this review   which offers dual widescreen and standard format with  .  dolby digital sound enhancement three  language subtitles and closed captioning french  dubbing   a theatrical re  release trailer  not the  original  as advertised   and an eight  page production booklet . both dvd editions contain a   th anniversary restored version of the film  showing its original brilliance . well  deserving of its three oscars  best picture  schlesinger  waldo salt  and additional nominations  voight  hoffman  sylvia miles  hugh robertson    midnight cowboy  will be sure to hold its place on the list of immortal classics .  br    br     out of   
what makes midnight cowboy into a successful movie is the way in which joe buck becomes bonded to ratso rizzo through a series of hardships that affect them both . there really aren  t many glimpses of hope in this film for either character  but the hard realities that beset them both give the film its own type of optimism that these men can at least find humanity within each other .  br    br   this film features jon voight  s finest performance and probably dustin hoffman  s as well . the rest of the cast is made up of unknowns  though it is rounded out by a fine series of character actors  including the cowpoke on the bus at the start of the film . also  for those interested  andy warhol  s apprentice paul morrissey shows up briefly during the party scene .  br    br   if you haven  t seen this movie  it is essential . check it out .  
  midnight cowboy  is one of those films thats been proclaimed a masterpiece with good reason  it really is one of the finest films ever made in america . its both artistically valid yet entirely accessible and commercial . no wonder it was a huge success when initially released . but be warned  its also one of the most heartbreaking films ever made . the characters are memorable  well  developed  and ultimately tragic . the filmmakers should be applauded for not giving us the hollywood ending  something which was basically mandatory by the   s . still  this is why i treasure the years of     to     for american film . its a time when well  made  innovative  and most of all bleak films could be made with the big budgets that hollywood could offer . all this was over by the time  star wars  was released .  br    br   the direction by john schlesinger makes the material work . it combines a simplistic style with some experimental editing . unlike many other films featuring these psychedelic effects   midnight cowboy  has aged quite well . its still as powerful now as it was when initially released . the acting however is what makes this a masterpiece . the characters  backgrounds are never fully explained  but the performances make them completely developed . both jon voight and dustin hoffman are absolutely memorable and sympathetic  despite their sometimes reprehensible actions  . plus  being a fan of vintage exploitation films  i loved the scenes set on the infamously sleazy   nd street .  midnight cowboy  is close to being perfect and one of the most powerful films ever made .         
midnight cowboy made a big fuss when it was released in      drawing an x rating . by today  s standards  it would be hard pressed to pull an r rating . jon voight  who has been better  is competent in his role as joe buck  an out of town hick wanting to make it big with the ladies in new york city . he meets a seedy street hustler named ratso rizzo  who tries to befriend buck for his own purposes . the two eventually forge a bond that is both touching and pathetic . as ratso  dustin hoffman simply shines . hoffman has often been brilliant  but never more so than in this portrayal . he is so into character that all else around him pales in comparison . losing the academy award to john wayne is one of the most ridiculous decisions ever made by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences . director schlessinger has a deft hand with his production  but this film has a grungy underbelly that leaves a bad taste in the mouth of the viewer . worth seeing for hoffman  s performance alone .  
midnight cowboy is not for everybody . it  s raw  painful  and realistic but very entertaining . the lead actors jon voight and dustin hoffman who would go on to become oscar winning actors deliver amazing performances . voight as the texas hustler  joe buck  who migrates from small town texas to new york city to become a hustler . he does not apologize for his chosen profession but it is not that easy . the new york city women like the rich lady played by georgeann johnson and cass played by oscar nominated sylvia miles are different than texas women . sadly  buck is trying to escape from his past life in texas . he was raised by his grandmother  sally buck  played by the wonderful actress ruth white who died in     from cancer . the locations in new york city are wonderful to watch as is the relationship between fatso played by hoffman and buck  s characters evolve into a moving male to male friendship . the men are struggling to survive the new york city life by not playing by the rules like getting a real job . as the film evolves  buck  s past comes to the surface and it  s haunting but not clear . the film is not for children but compared to today  s films and television programming  midnight cowboy might be more tame . i can  t forget a young brenda vaccaro and a party that you can  t forget . it  s also a tearjerker of a film  so get your hankies out too .  
hardly the stuff dreams are made of is this pursuit of the brass ring by a naive hustler  jon voigt  and his lame con  man sidekick  dustin hoffman   soon to forge a friendship based on basic survival skills .  br    br   a daring film for its time  and a foremost example of the kind of gritty landscape being explored in the more graphic films of the    s . symbolic of the  end of innocence  in american films  since it was the only x  rated film to win a best picture oscar .  br    br   jon voigt is the male hustler who comes to the big city expecting to find women an easy way to make money when they fight over his body  but soon finds the city is a cold place with no welcome mat for his ilk . befriended by a lame con  man  dustin hoffman   he goes through a series of serio  comic adventures that leave him disillusioned and bitter  ready to leave the confines of a cold water flat for the sunshine promised in florida  a land his friend  ratzo  dreams of living in .  br    br   but even in this final quest  the two are losers . john schlesinger has directed with finesse from a brilliant script by waldo salt  and john barry  s haunting  midnight cowboy  theme adds to the poignant moments of search and desperation .  br    br   summing up a true american classic honestly facing a tough subject and daring to show the underbelly of certain aspects of city life .  
sandra bernhard is quite a character  and certainly one of the funniest women on earth . she began as a stand  up comedienne in the     s  but her big break came in     when she starred opposite jerry lewis and robert de niro in scorsese  s underrated masterpiece   the king of comedy  . her film career never quite took off  though . she did make a couple of odd but entertaining pictures  such as  dallas doll        or  dinner rush         but the most amazing parts were those she created for herself .  br    br    without you i  m nothing  is undoubtedly her best effort . it  s an adaptation of her smash  hit off  broadway show which made her a superstar  and madonna  s best friend for about four years . in ten perfectly choreographed and staged scenes  sandra turns from nina simone to diana ross  talks about her childhood  andy warhol and san francisco and performs songs made famous by burt bacharach  prince  or sylvester . director john boskovich got sandra to do a    minute tour  de  force performance that  s both sexy and uniquely funny . if you are a bernhard fan  you can  t miss out this film it  s a tribute as well to her  weird  beauty as to her extremely unconventional talent as a comedienne . and it has influenced filmmakers in their work   hedwig and the angry inch   for instance  would look a lot different if  without you i  m nothing  didn  t exist .  
john schlesinger  s  midnight cowboy  is perhaps most notable for being the only x  rated film in academy history to receive the oscar for best picture . this was certainly how i first came to hear of it  and  to be completely honest  i didn  t really expect much of the film . this is not to say that i thought it would be horrible  but somehow i didn  t consider it the sort of movie that i would enjoy watching . this is one reason why you should never trust your own instincts on such manners  a remarkable combination of stellar acting  ambitious directing and a memorable soundtrack   everybody  s talking  at me  i don  t hear a word they  re sayin    make this film one of the finest explorations of life  naivety and friendship ever released .  br    br   young joe buck  then  newcomer jon voight   dressed proudly as a rodeo cowboy  travels from texas to new york to seek a new life as a hustler  a male prostitute . women  however  do not seem to be willing to pay money for his services  and joe faces living in extreme poverty as his supply of money begins to dry up . during these exploits  joe comes to meet enrico  ratso  rizzo  dustin hoffman   a sickly crippled swindler who initially tries to con joe out of all his money . when they come to realise that they are both in the same predicament  ratso offers joe a place to stay  and  working together  they attempt to make  largely dishonest  lives for themselves in the cold  gritty metropolis of new york .  br    br   joe had convinced himself that new york women would be more than willing to pay for sex however  his first such business venture ends with him guiltily paying the woman  sylvia miles  twenty dollars . though he might consider himself to be somewhat intelligent  ratso is just as nave as joe . ratso  with his painful limp and hacking cough  is always assuring himself that  if only he could travel to the warmth of miami  somehow everything would be all right . this misguided expectation that things will get better so easily is quite reminiscent of lennie and george of john steinbeck  s classic novel   of mice and men .   br    br   shot largely on the streets of new york   midnight cowboy  is a grittily  realistic look at life in the slums . watching the film  we can almost feel ourselves inside ratso  s squalid  unheated residence  our joints stiff from the aching winter cold . the acting certainly contributes to this ultra  realism  with both voight and hoffman masterfully portraying the two decadent dregs of modern society . hoffman  in particular  is exceptional in his role  i  m walkin  here  i  m walkin  here     managing to steer well clear of being typecast after his much  lauded debut in      s  the graduate .  both stars were later nominated for best actor oscars  also nominated for acting  bafflingly  was sylvia miles  for an appearance that can  t have been for more than five minutes   though both ultimately lost out to john wayne in  true grit .   midnight cowboy  eventually went on to win three oscars from seven nominations  including best picture  best director for schlesinger and best writing for waldo salt .  br    br    midnight cowboy  is told mainly in a linear fashion  though there are numerous flashbacks that hint at joe  s past . rather than explicitly explaining what these brief snippets are actually about  the audience is invited to think about it for themselves  and how these circumstances could have led joe onto the path he is now pursuing . the achingly  beautiful final scene leaves us with a glimmer of hope  but a large amount of uncertainty . gritty  thought  provoking and intensely fascinating   midnight cowboy  is one for the ages .  
  midnight cowboy  was never a great movie to start with but it is a classic . you know it  s a classic the moment its insistent theme song   everybody  s talking  starts up on the soundtrack   actually not written for the film   and the way the camera introduces us to joe buck   naked and in the shower  . we had seen jon voight before but had never really noticed him but when he tells us he  s  one helluva stud  who  s to doubt him  this was a great performance that had iconic star status as well as a complete grasp of the character and if voight had never done anything else  his performance here would still be legendary . as it is voight has seldom disappointed on screen even a piece of ham as well cured as his performance in that glorious rubbish  anaconda  is a source of pleasure  .  br    br   the film became famous and infamous almost overnight . it was a crowd  pleaser   even with its downbeat ending   funny and sexy and recognizably  real    it was the tail  end of the sixties and all the characters rang true  . it was also the first  x  rated film to win the oscar as the year  s best picture . adapted   brilliantly   by waldo salt from a james leo herlihy novel it was probably the first main  stream commercial american movie to deal with  taboo  subjects such as homosexuality and drug  taking in a matter  of  fact manner . everyone is recognizably human  warts and all  and everyone is treated sympathetically . voight  s joe buck is an innocent abroad  a candide who comes to new york to seek his fortune as a hustler   a profession he sees as glamorous and not seedy he  s a cross between a gigolo and a social worker  . but when he himself is hustled by a scraggy  wormy little con  man called  ratso  rizzo   dustin hoffman  fresh from  the graduate  and he  s a revelation   he realizes that perhaps the reality is a little different from the pipe  dream .  br    br   essentially it  s a male love story   though totally platonic   between these two not so unlikely bedfellows . both totally alone  both totally needy each becomes the protector of the other   voight with his physical prowess  hoffman with his street  wise savvy  . they are misfits adrift from the mainstream  tolerant of their own peculiarities and the deviances of others . though  straight  voight isn  t beyond a homosexual encounter in a   nd street cinema with a boy even lonelier than himself .  the whole film posits a strangely  christian  attitude  .  br    br   it  s also magnificently acted . while voight and hoffman hold the screen throughout there are superb vignettes from the likes of brenda vaccaro and sylvia miles as well as john mcgiver  bob balaban and bernard hughes as sundry customers and hangers  on  beautifully delineated little character studies that seem to transcend acting altogether while john schlesinger  s direction gives the film the feel of a documentary as well as an alien  s totally detached eye  view of the american under  belly without rancor and without criticism . on second thoughts  maybe it is a great movie after all .  
just kidding .  br    br   seeking greener pastures in the form of hustling in new york city  jon voight is young optimist cowboy  almost forest gump  like  joe buck from texas . it does not take long for the big apple to mercilessly swallow him and his ambitions whole and very soon joe is the target of both the coldness of new yorkers and cons from its street  thugs . given his pure heart  he takes pity on one of these thugs  ratso rizzo  dustin hoffman  and later moves in with him in his wreck of apartment and the two literally struggle to survive .  br    br   while midnight comedy is labeled as a drama  it is best described as either a tragic comedy or a comedic tragedy in my opinion . it is above all a beautiful film that is stylish in capturing the contemporary hippie  vibe of the late     s with its mandatory dizzying warhol  party cinematography and juxtaposing it with ultra  urban new york city . the film crams cowboy joe buck somewhere in between  thereby emphasizing his out  of  place position . we feel for his struggle to fit in  but also to merely get enough money to feed ratso rizzo .  br    br   midnight cowboy brought tears to my eyes as it is also rich in substance and projects a lot of heart . i imagine this film must have inspired both forest gump with its pure  hearted and out  of  place lead character and  to an extent  the crocodile dundee films as it deals with almost the exact same kind of humour  a contrast between country  cowboys and slick new york cosmopolitans . very compelling and sensationally creative film that i highly recommend .  br    br    .      
saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released . had me snifflin  like a baby as i left the theatre  trying not to let anyone see . so  when i saw it again now in     i knew what to expect  the sobs were ready  primed as their required moment approached . thankfully this time i was at home .  br    br   what i hadn  t remembered from my youthful viewing  or perhaps hadn  t noticed because of it  was the technical brilliance of this movie . the use of flashbacks which tell so much story without resorting to dialogue . the camera work which seemed to place the viewer  together with the characters in the scene . think of the opening when joe is crossing the street to the diner  the camera pans behind the woman  child sitting on a bench in the foreground  framing the street scene .  br    br   the story itself   the characters  seedy  sad  brutally real . it is very touching to be drawn so closely into a human drama such as this with people most of us would likely spurn . then again  joe  ratso could be any of us . must have been    when i saw it . i recall that upon leaving the theatre i was impelled to find the company of friends . all these years later  i  m glad i  m not alone tonight . this is one hell of a great movie .  
midnight cowboy opens with a run down drive in theater with the voice  over of the main character joe buck  jon voight  singing in the shower . he is singing a cowboy song  the very thing he strives to be . joe picks up his humdrum life living in texas and moves it to new york city with the dream of lots of women  and even more money . he dresses as the epitome of the cowboy  but in a cartoonish fashion  not even his friends take him seriously . he begins his journey on the bus to nyc and we can quickly see how diluted joe is through his interactions with the other passengers . this is primarily a story of joe  s realization of the harsh realities of the real world .  br    br   he starts off as a very nave southerner thinking he can make it in nyc just on his good looks . he has no other reason to think otherwise  as they proved helpful in the past we learn this from the many flashbacks he has . in the beginning the flashbacks are filmed in a way that portrays them as being somewhat whimsical . they are hazy and the voices sound as if they are coming from a great distance  as they are  they are coming out of his past . however  as joe delves deeper and deeper into the reality of the harsh atmosphere of nyc we see more of his past  which is no longer whimsical but gritty  filmed in black and white with rapid editing to portray the cruel nature of the past events . this is especially seen in the flashback of him and his girlfriend being assaulted  and her being raped . in one of these flashbacks we see a building being torn down brick by brick . this mirrors the way in which joe himself is falling apart the naivet that he once carried is falling off of him . he and ratso  dustin hoffman  are living in squalor  and barely able to get food to eat joe is realizing he cannot live off of his looks  that there is a gritty underbelly of new york that he didn  t envision . his subconscious mirrors the way in which his real life is panning out .  br    br   ratso is also serves as a kind of mirror to joe  but in an opposite way ratso is joe  s foil . joe is a handsome  strong man who  for the most part  has a good outward appearance . ratso  on the other hand  from the very first time we see him sitting next to joe in the bar we can tell he is the opposite . he is short  dark  and always coated with a sheen of sweat . he understands how the world works  that it is unforgiving  and sometimes no matter how hard you try you will fail just as his father did . they are living in the same world  the same apartment even  but they understand things on a completely different level .  br    br   the theme of alienation  one that is common of this era  is very apparent in this film . neither joe nor ratso fit into the culture surrounding them . joe feels trapped in texas and moves to nyc where he is still very much an outsider . ratso  living in the cold of nyc  wishes to move to sunny florida where he thinks he will be able to find a good life . even though this is his ideal  in the fantasy we get from ratso  s perspective  it is apparent that he knows he will never really fit into society . in said fantasy he is turned on by the people living around him  he is yet again an outsider  alienated from society .  br    br   it is not until the end that the gap between joe and ratso begins to narrow . joe resorts to violence he takes on the mentality of this city in order to get money to fund a means of escape for florida for himself and ratso . on the journey we see joe coming out of a store not wearing the cowboy clothes that he is never without in the rest of the film . he is dressed as someone who looks like they are headed to florida for vacation . he dresses ratso the same way he tires to make them fit into the new society they are entering  but it is to no avail . upon ratso  s death on the bus  their fellow passengers once again look them upon as outsiders . even in this new culture they have entered  they cannot escape the alienation they have met at every turn in this film . despite the ratso  s death  and joe  s continued alienation  the film ends with the hope that joe can take his new knowledge of how the world works and create a better life than he would have had as a hustler in nyc . midnight cowboy is an excellent film portraying the harsh reality of society  and alienation  with stellar performances by both voight and hoffman .  
after racism  rural exodus  also known as migration from the country side  is another socio  political issue of the     s . westside story had dealt with racism by a love feast in an artistic view . now  midnight cowboy deals with rural exodus by a friendship tragedy in a psychological view . it has a deeply grievous ending that we witness one of the two companions of fate passing away .  br    br   director john schlesinger skillfully deliver us the deepest secret thoughts  dreams  fantasies  fears and evaluations of two new york city scums . while the handsome joe buck  voight  dreams of all the beautiful women of the world begging him to share a wild love fantasy  the poor ratso rizzo  hoffman  dreams of a better and healthier life in clean and sunny florida . accordingly  joe becomes a hustler to turn his fantasies into reality and ratso becomes a snatcher to collect enough money to migrate into florida . besides ratso helps joe to find his way to do whatever he can . they begin sharing everything in life . they share food  they share medicine  they share an uninhabited home  they share their earnings and thus they share a destiny . regrettably as the story progresses  joe realizes that being handsome is not the only thing to make all the beautiful women begging him to have fun and moreover ratso cannot see florida since his heart fails defeated to his disease whilst he was on the bus taking him there .  br    br   the might is always right  and the feeble has no right in the daylight . thence   midnight  gives the factual sight .  br    br   despite the tragedy  there is no melodrama in midnight cowboy . every aspect of each character is the reality of the poor who bear their inevitable fate . thanks to this  midnight cowboy is a provocative view of a socio  political issue  the rural exodus .  
fascinating downer about a would  be male hustler in new york city forced to live in a condemned building with a crippled con  man . extremely bleak examination of modern  day moral and social decline  extremely well  directed by john schlesinger  who never topped his work here  and superbly acted by jon voight and dustin hoffman . packs quite a punch overall  yet the  fantasy  scenes   some of which are played for a chuckle   are mildly intrusive  as is the  mod  drug party . the relationship that develops between the two men is sentimental  yet the filmmakers are careful not to get mushy  and this gives the picture an edge it might not have had with a lesser director than schlesinger . originally x  rated in      and the winner of the best picture oscar screenwriter waldo salt  who adapted james leo herilhy  s book  and schlesinger also won statues .     from   
it  s not quite the timeless masterpiece you would hope it would be based on the acclaim it garnered  but      s  midnight cowboy  is still a powerhouse showcase for two young actors just bursting into view at the time . directed by john schlesinger and written by waldo salt  the movie seems to be a product of its time  the late      s when american films were especially expressionistic  but it still casts a spell because the story comes down to themes of loneliness and bonding that resonate no matter what period . the film  s cinematic influence can still be felt in the unspoken emotionalism found in ang lee  s  brokeback mountain  .  br    br   the meandering plot follows joe buck  a naive  young texan who decides to move to manhattan to become a stud  for  hire for rich women . full of energy but lacking any savvy  he fails miserably but is unwilling to concede defeat despite his dwindling finances . he meets a cynical  sickly petty thief named  ratso  rizzo  who first sees joe as an easy pawn . the two become dependent on one another  and rizzo begins to manage joe . things come to a head at a psychedelic  drug  infested party where joe finally lands a paying client . meanwhile  rizzo becomes sicker  and the two set off for florida to seek a better life . this is not a story that will appeal to everyone  in fact  some may still find it repellent that a hustler and a thief are turned into sympathetic figures  yet their predicaments feel achingly authentic .  br    br   in his first major role  jon voight is ideally cast as he brings out joe  s paper  thin bravado and deepening sexual insecurities . as rizzo  dustin hoffman successfully upends his clean  post  college image from  the graduate  and immerses himself in the personal degradation and glimmering hope that act as an oddly compatible counterpoint to joe . the honesty of their portrayals is complemented by schlesinger  s film treatment which vividly captures the squalor of the times square district at the time . the director also effectively inserts montages of flashbacks and fantasy sequences to fill in the character  s fragile psyches . credit also needs to go to salt for not letting the pervasive cynicism overwhelm the pathos of the story . the other performances are merely incidental to the journeys of the main characters  including brenda vaccaro as the woman joe meets at the party  sylvia miles as a blowsy matron  john mcgiver as a religious zealot and barnard hughes as a lonely out  of  towner .  br    br   the two  disc     dvd package contains a pristine print transfer of the     restoration and informative commentary from producer jerome hellman since unfortunately neither schlesinger nor salt are still living . there are three terrific featurettes on the second disc  a look  back documentary   after midnight reflections on a classic   years later   which features comments from hellman  hoffman  voight and others  as well as clips and related archive footage such as voight  s screen test  controversy and acclaim   which examines the genesis of the movie  s initial  x  rating and public response to the film and a tribute to the director   celebrating schlesinger  .  
  midnight cowboy  was rated x with the original release back in     . there are some scenes where you can understand that  just a little . the movie about joe buck  jon voight  coming from texas to new york city to become a hustler is sometimes a little disturbing . dressed up as a cowboy he tries to live as a hustler  making money by the act of love . it does not work out as he planned . after a guy named rico  ratso  rizzo  dustin hoffman  first pulled a trick on him and stole some money they become friends . they live in an empty and very filthy apartment . then ratso gets sick and joe has to try to make some money .  br    br   the movie was probably rated x for the main subject but on the way we see some strange things . the editing in this movie is great . we see dream sequences from joe and ratso interrupted by the real world in a nice and sometimes funny way . dustin hoffman  jon voight and the supporting actors give great performances . especially hoffman delivers some fine famous lines . the score is done by john barry and sounds great . all this makes this a great movie that won the best picture oscar for a good reason .  
joe buck  jon voight  decides he  s going to leave his small life in texas and make it big in the big city . the women are there for the asking and the men are mainly  tutti  fruttis .  wide  eyed  he comes to new york city  not prepared for the series of humiliating misadventures he experiences  one worse than the other . in the middle of that chaos  he meets and befriends rico  ratso  rizzo  dustin hoffmann   a homeless  looking man who lives in an apparently condemned building .  br    br   there isn  t much of a story as midnight cowboy is a series of vignettes destined to bring forth not only joe buck  s plights in the city  but also inter  cut to his past and show us in shock cuts and semi  psychedelic dream sequences snippets of his past his failed relationship with his girlfriend annie  jennifer salt  who was gang  raped  his abandonment by his mother  and his apparent abuse by his grandmother  who also had a habit of hustling men for money . an air of pessimism dominates the film almost from the wistful beginning as nilsson plays throughout the opening credits his deceptively flowery  everybody  s talking    we feel that even while we want joe to eventually make his mark in the city  the odds are high he won  t and will end up working for pennies in a dead  end job   shown in a masterful shot from his outside point of view later in the film as he watches a man work as a dishwasher in a soup kitchen through a window and sees himself . we know from the look in his eyes he does not want to end like this .  br    br   a dark story of dashed hopes  john schlesinger creates haunting images of lost souls at the end of the   s  and at the center  the prevailing friendship between two men as they struggle to make some sort of meaning to their lives amidst the elusive comfort of a dignified life . there is the implied notion that they may have been lovers   ratso  s reaching out to hug joe in the party scene and their the final embrace at the end certainly points at this   but this is essentially a buddy film  one that manages to survive  literally  to the death  and bring some form of hope to joe who at the end in florida seems much changed  older  wiser .  
at the time i recall being quite startled and amused by this movie . i referred to it as the most important movie i  d seen in ten years  and found myself bumping into people who said similar things .  br    br   bernhard has an unusually perceptive behavioral notebook . and she has shaped the bitter adolescent personality that we all had  into a corrosive  adult world  view . the two together provide a startling mix which may be too edgy for some viewers .  hi skip . i wish you weren  t my brother so i could  you    br    br   bernhards search for herself after returning to la from new york  results in the immersive trying  on of various personas  all of which fit poorly  for our amusement  but enough of them involve acting out to appeal to a  black imperative  values system that the real barometer of her resituation is whether black culture accepts her .  it  s been a while . nina simone comes to mind . and she has an impressive  solidly  built black lover in the movie  a pretty black girl attends the shows  and seems to be authorizing sandra  s faux  blackness  but ultimately rejects her .  br    br   just as catholics deem themselves lucky to suffer for christ  here sandra depicts herself suffering at the hands of a black culture in which she craves a place as if she cherishes her worthiness and her rejection . it  s the only value system implicated in the films world  outside of bernhards arty confusion .  br    br   for a nation whose chief issues are racism and money  it  s refreshing to see one of the  topics dealt with in an atypical way .  
i sat down to watch  midnight cowboy  thinking it would be another overrated    s     s movie . some of my favorite films come from the    s  in the same vein as  midnight cowboy    taxi driver    mean streets    panic in needle park   etc .  but there are many  many overrated ones as well that have gained strong reputations amongst critics for being groundbreaking  unfortunately a vast majority of them don  t hold up as well today . i sort of feel this way about  easy rider .   although it  too  is one of my favorites .   br    br   so  i didn  t expect much from  midnight cowboy  but got a lot back . it  s a touching story  well  made and well  told with some of the best performances of all time . dustin hoffman  as enrico  ratso  rizzo  gives one of his best  it  s a bit funny at times  he sounds like a cartoon character when he speaks  maybe because of the lenny   simpsons  connection   but hoffman is entirely convincing . half of the film  s budget went towards his paycheck as he was just becoming a major star in hollywood . opposite him is the second  billed jon voight as joe buck  the  cowboy  who travels north to the big apple in the hopes of becoming a male prostitute . soon his naive ways land him in trouble and he pairs up with a crippled scam artist named  ratso   who offers to become joe  s  manager  for a certain percentage of profits .  br    br   the movie is quite long at two hours but never really seems very long . some films can tend to drag  especially some of the films that were made in the    s because  as it  s been said in  easy riders  raging bulls   the directors were the stars of the movies in the     s and occasionally they got a bit too infatuated with their material  going on too long examining characters  scenes  etc . that aren  t important . just about the only scene i felt was a bit too long and unnecessary was the drug party  it makes the film seem extremely outdated  similar to the drug odysseys in  easy rider   and really harms its flow because it  s not needed .  br    br   other than that   midnight cowboy  is an almost flawless motion picture . i was pleasantly surprised . it does have its flaws  flashbacks are a bit tacky and never used as well as they could have been  for instance  and some of the scenes are a bit uneasy  such as the gay movie theater sequence  but if you can handle its content  midnight cowboy  is a truly great motion picture  an uncompromising examination of life on the streets in the late    s  early    s . it  s a depressing movie  yes  and by today  s standards might seem a bit outdated and heavy on the liberal perspective of  life is horrible  etc .  . . . but i still love it and particularly the extremely touching ending will stay with me for a long  long time .  br    br   highly recommended . one of the best films of the    s .  it was technically released in late     but i  d still categorize it as a     s film . it also won the best picture oscar  being the first  and only  x  rated motion picture to do so . it was later re  rated r on appeal .   br    br    .     
the only reason i knew of midnight cowboy was because it was in the afi critic  s top    . for a top    it is not a very well known movie indeed  i had to look hard to find a copy  i got the dvd version for about half  price . surprisingly it was only rated m     the uncut version  .  br    br   i doubt many will take notice of this review  more like comment  so i  ll make it brief .  br    br   this is perhaps one of the strangest movies i  ve seen  partly because of the use of montages  artistic filming  very art  house  and the unusual theme . there are many things in the film i still don  t understand  i  ve seen it twice   and it makes for an emotionally confusing film .  br    br   the filming and acting were very good  and it is the larger than life characters which make this film memorable . the main character is joe buck  a  cowboy  from texas who moves to new york to become a male prostitute . he meets the crippled conman enrico  ratso  rizzo and  of course they become friends going through the usual escapades . what makes the film interesting is the two characters are so different .  br    br   i felt the film didn  t really develop the relationship between buck and enrico rizzo for the audience to have any real emotional connection  although the ending is certainly quite sad and tragic . you probably already know what happens by reading the reviews  but its pretty obvious from the start .  br    br   i personally think the film beautifully and poignantly explores its main themes . the deprivation of humanity  shown by the darkness of the city streets  the breaking  down tenements  . most of the characters in the film exist beyond the law  a conman  giggolo . etc  yet you can  t help liking them . joe buck is endearing because he is so naive and optimistic  while we begin to feel pity for ratso later in the film .  br    br   i think the film was rated so high because it was certainly very ground  breaking for its period . at the time  and even now  it was definitely not a typical movie  quite art  house  . at a time when the cinema was dominated by tired westerns  musicals and dramas a film with such an unusual theme as midnight cowboy pops up .  br    br   on a personal level  i must say i quite liked the film . the imagery conveyed a dream  like quality . i particularly liked the scene at the party  the music  images etc stay in your mind for a long time after watching . however  as a movie for entertainment  s sake it was a bit lacking  not really my style of movie  in thrills . this is a film to be savoured and appreciated  rather than a cheap thrills action flick .  br    br   although i would hardly consider myself qualified to analyse this film  the characters and their motives were quite interesting . from what i understand from the flashbacks  joe buck was sexually abused as a child by his grandmother  although it still doesn  t seem to be relevant to the story . he is a happy  go  lucky young stud  who suppresses his darker memories . the religious connotations in the film are also puzzling . some have suggested a homosexual connection between buck and ratso  although i fail to see where they have got the idea from . the theme of homo  sexuality in general is more than touched upon in their conversation  and later in joe buck  s encounter with a lonely old man  but it has little to do with the main story .  br    br   certainly from a technical point of view one of the finest films of the decade  it has more of a   s feel to it than a   s feel  and revolutionary for its time touching on subjects few other films dared to do . while it has a simple  sentimental story to it  disguised by a hard edge  the beauty of the film is in the strange  often psychedelic sequences .  
watching midnight cowboy is like taking a masterclass in acting  directing  cinematography  editing  writing . i was too young to watch it when it was originally released  and only saw it for the first time a couple of years ago  but it has absolutely stood the test of time  and i have watched it several times since .  br    br   everything about this film is brilliant  from the poignant performances from voight and hoffman  even though i know this movie well  i still find myself welling up every time voight flashes one of his innocently pained looks  or hoffman coughs in his sickly and ominous way  to the stunning cinematography and superbly edited dream sequences .  br    br   it  s a shame that more of our contemporary filmmakers aren  t prepared to take a risk on making movies that are as visually and aurally interesting as this one . midnight cowboy should be required viewing at all film schools .  br    br         
virile  but naive  big joe buck leaves his home in big spring  texas  and hustles off to the big apple in search of women and big bucks . in nyc  jb meets up with frustration  and with  ratso  rizzo  a scruffy but cordial con artist . somehow  this mismatched pair manage to survive each other which in turn helps both of them cope with a gritty  sometimes brutal  urban america  en route to a poignant ending .  br    br   both funny and depressing  our  midnight cowboy  rides head  on into the vortex of cyclonic cultural change  and thus confirms to     viewers that they  themselves  have been swept away from the      s age of innocence  and dropped  dorothy and toto like  into the      s age of aquarius .  br    br   the film  s direction is masterful the casting is perfect the acting is top notch the script is crisp and cogent the cinematography is engaging and the music enhances all of the above . deservedly  it won the best picture oscar of      and i would vote it as one of the best films of that cyclonic decade .  
in my opinion  this is one of the greatest movies ever made in america and it deserved every single award it won and it  s place on the afi top    list  though it  s shamefully too low on the imdb top    list  at only     as of this writing  . if you enjoy acting of the highest calibre  voight and hoffman are a superb match   well  drawn characterizations and inventive direction  editing and cinematography  you  ll love this just as much as i did . schlesinger paints a vivid  always credible picture of the late   s new york city scene and it  s many victims struggling to overcome personal demons and survive amidst the amorality  poverty and hopelessness of   nd street  new york city .  br    br   the filmmaking techniques employed here brilliantly capture the feel of the underground new york film movement  and of the city  and are nothing less than dazzling . i  ve seen many ideas  including the rapid  fire editing  the handling of the voice  over flashbacks  the drug  trip sequences and the cartoonish face slipped in during a murder scene to convey angst and terror  stolen by other filmmakers .  br    br   the relationship between joe and ratso is handled in such a way as to be viewed as an unusually strong friendship or having it  s homosexual underpinnings . i think the director handled this in a subtle way not to cop out to the censorship of the times  but rather to concentrate his energies on the importance of a strong human connection in life  whether it be sexual or not .  br    br   midnight cowboy is a brave  moving film of magnitude  influence and importance that has lost absolutely none of it  s impact over the years  so if you haven  t seen it  you  re really missing out on a true american classic . i recommend this film to everyone .  br    br   score   out of   .  
young  handsome  muscular joe buck  jon voight  moves from texas to new york thinking he  ll make a living by being a stud . he gets there and finds out quickly that it isn  t going to be easy   he goes through one degrading experience after another . at the end of his rope he hooks up with crippled  sleazy ratso rizzo  dustin hoffman  . together they try to survive and get out of the city and move to florida . but will they make it   br    br   very dark  disturbing yet fascinating movie . director john schelsinger paints a very grimy portrait of nyc and its inhabitants . in that way it  s dated   the city may have been this bad in     but it  s cleaned up considerably by now . he also uses every camera trick in the book   color turning to black  white trippy dream sequences flash forwards flash backs  especially involving a rape   shock cuts weird sound effects . . . you name it . it keeps you disoriented and off center   but i couldn  t stop watching .  br    br   there isn  t much of a story   it basically centers on the friendship between rizzo and buck . there is an implication that they may have been lovers  the final shot sort of shows that  . it  s just a portrait of two damaged characters trying to survive in a cold  cruel  urban jungle .  br    br   this was originally rated x in       the only reason being that the mpaa didn  t think that parents would want their children to see this . nevertheless  it was a big hit with high schoolers  back then x meant no one under    . it also has been the only x rated film ever to win an academy award as best picture . hoffman and voight were up for acting awards as was  mysteriously  sylvia miles who was in the picture for a total of  maybe   minutes  it was eventually lowered to an r  with no cuts  when it was reissued in     .  br    br   also the excellent song  everybody  s talkin   was introduced in this film   and became a big hit .  br    br   a great film    but very dark . i  m giving it a   . don  t see it on commercial tv   it  s cut to ribbons and incomprehensible .  
i typically don  t like reality shows  particularly the ones that are profiting off of  american idol   s success . but this one i can live with .  br    br   comedians from all around the world perform a brief routine for celebrity talent scouts  and if they like them  those guys will be sent to perform a routine for an actual audience . then ten or twelve comics are selected to live in a house together and do  survivor  style competitions using comedic tactics . then one will be determined as  last comic standing .  i do like stand up comedy  so this is the one reality show must keen to my interests . there are usually some pretty funny comics selected through . it started the careers of such talents as alonzo bodden  ralphie may  and josh blue .  br    br   my negative criticisms is the fact that there is the possibility that a lot of these comics were selected for their contribution to reality show drama . at first they lived together in a house like  big brother   but now they  ve done away with that  thank god .  br    br   and there are a lot of comedians i felt  were only chosen not because they  re funny  but because of race  ethnicity  attitude  sex  etc . when other comics clearly should  ve beaten them out . but overall  it  s a well  made reality show  which are two terms up until now i thought were an oxymoron .  
horror is perhaps one of two genres where logic doesn  t always win out over imagination . we all know that killers like freddy  jason  michael and even leatherface shouldn  t be able to sustain the amount of pain they do and still live to fight another day . most of us don  t believe that zombies really rise from the dead to stalk people and eat their brains . and let  s hope that at least some people know that when you enter places like funhouses and old mansions that unspeakable crimes are not going to be perpetrated against them . this is where imagination wins out over fact . horror  and most films in general  requires us to suspend our disbelief for a couple of hours and just go with the flow . this usually isn  t a problem when i watch bouncing balls being hurled down the stairs at george c . scott or when i see an unseen force stalking three amateur film makers in the woods near burketsville . but what i do have a problem digesting  without wanting to regurgitate  is when a film has a killer like the one in this film . to give away who the killer is would actually be a huge spoiler and it would take away all fun of watching it for yourself  but just suffice to say that i actually enjoyed this film right up to final scene when the killer is revealed . there are too many events in the film that transpire for it to make any sense that the killer is who it is . but the   minutes prior to this point is a well done  suspenseful  blood soaked film directed with panache and skill by john hough . if the film would have offered me a different killer  then i would actually be raving about it . this may sound like a completely asinine reason to discredit the film  but believe me  anyone who has seen the film is almost sure to agree with me .  br    br   john cassevetes plays dr . sam cordell . he and his daughter jenny  played beautifully by erin flannery  have just recently moved to this small new england town . cordell is a recent widow and it is unclear how his wife died . we see several flashback scenes where a mystery woman  one can only presume it is his wife  is laying backside on the ground during a torrential downpour . her face is bloodied and her eyes are closed . again  i am not sure who this woman is and what relevance she has to the story but she is there anyway . cassevetes  it has to be mentioned  is strange to say the least . cordell is a loving father but his love for his daughter seems to be a little more than just parental . there are a few scenes that hint of incestuous possibilities . it never comes to fruition but it just seems to be omnipotent  but somewhere just beneath the proverbial rug . thankfully the film never really explores this element of the relationship but it does make you a little uneasy .  br    br   casevettes seems like a cross between the porno actor john leslie and screen great james caan . he has a deceptive smile and a virile  commanding voice that makes you sit up and take notice . but he also looks like he is about to disrobe during a business luncheon in every scene . he just has that slimy  disingenuous  phlegmatic  uneasy way about him . he never really looks like he can be trusted in this film . i guess that is a credit to the writers  the director and to cassevetes himself . there was always something that just bothered me about his character from the get  go .  br    br   the story begins on an excellent note as two would be lovers are swimming in the local quarry . there is a rickety old changing shed near by and as we can see  something or someone is watching them . when the young man briefly disappears to get something from the truck  the young woman wanders into the shed  just to play a prank . once she is there  she is attacked . the young man dashes to the shed to find her and he is impaled with a board and nail . hough shrewdly sets us up for the payoff pitch when the young man comes in . he looks frantically scours the room and spots his would  be lover bleeding in the corner  and then smacko  the guy gets it . it is a very tense moment and it starts the film off on the correct note .  br    br   also introduced into the tangled wed of a story is a young man named tim that seems to be having strange dreams of a faceless woman that is bound in a torture chamber surrounded by men with cloaks covering their faces . tim seems to think that his dreams have something to do with the murders because every time a murder takes place  he has another dream . toss in a quiet and turbid grandmother  a meretricious female reporter and a strong yet venal local sheriff and you have all the ingredients necessary to create the makings of an imbroglio in the small town of galen .  br    br   throughout the film more people are massacred but most of the time  the males are slaughtered with extreme prejudice and the females are raped . this is my first feeble  and careful  attempt to tell you that this is what left me unconvinced with the denouement . it just didn  t strike the right chord .  br    br   the incubus is a well done film . it is tense  tight and even most of the performances are very well done . i was intrigued by the dreams that tim was having and i was anxious to find out what significance they had to the story and ultimately to the murders . but when you get through all that was good in the film  you are still left with that acerbic taste in your mouth . and bitter pills are always more difficult to swallow than sweet ones .  br    br    out of     this could have been a nine . too bad .  
shocking  well  made chiller is an undervalued tale of atrocious murder and evil forces .  br    br   small town doctor tries to discover who  or what  is committing a series of violent sexual murders .  br    br   incubus is a tight mystery  with some horrific murder sequences  that builds to an off  beat and eerie climatic twist . the murder scenes are intense and gory  so this isn  t a film for the squeamish  the direction of john hough  along with a bizarre music score  combine to create a dark atmosphere of dread that runs through out the film . it also carries a kind of gothic vibe as well . nice filming locations and some stylish camera work also highlight .  br    br   the cast isn  t bad either . the great john cassavetes does a solid performance as the new doctor in town . also good are the performances of kerrie keane as the local reporter  helen hughes as the town historian  and duncan mcintosh as a tormented psychic teen .  br    br   all around incubus is a forgotten horror film that needs to be re  discovered and re  evaluated .  br    br    out of   
this is a wonderful film . . . first impressions of cynicism and crassness are soon dissipated by a fun loving display of how men and women  s baser motivations diverge  vive la difference    br    br   you can love people despite and sometimes because of their weaknesses . human beings are a bit rubbish really  but we have big hearts and we try our best  despite temptation . it  s not our fault when sometimes temptation can  t be resisted  that  s just who we are .  br    br   there is a consistent stylishness from start to finish crisp photography and sharp composition  very pleasant viewing when you add provocative content  well suited music and laugh out loud scripting .  br    br   watch out for the very young  lone wise voice  . . . brilliant wisdom from innocence balancing comedy from the human condition .  
this is one of those unfortunate films that suffered an even more sad  unfortunate death at the box office . i saw this film at a local art cinema  in revival form  shortly after it tanked in mainstream cinemas . it certainly deserves to be approached a second time  or even a third  . sandra b . takes it to the limit by doing spoken word  taking on some well known songs in this piece  her version of hank william  s  i  m so lonesome i could cry  could easily move you to tears  . maybe someday  audiences will be ready to take this film a bit more seriously  but not without some well placed laughs  too  . the film moves at a brisk pace  thanks to some nice editing   so that some viewers will not find it stale  boring . perhaps a revival is just down the pipeline .  
this is truly the greatest swedish movie of all time . not only is it revolutionary in its narration  but its also among the first movies to feature the next generation of swedish humor and swedish comedians . felix herngren and fredrik lindstrm are two of the most intelligent and witty filmmakers in sweden today  and this film really puts that on display .  br    br    vuxna mnniskor   adult people  is a warm  hearted and hilarious story about adulthood  and the question if we wouldnt be better off without it .  
this is a very funny movie  i have no idea whether it translates well into other languages or not . however  i do think men all over the world can identify with  frank  and his thoughts to some extent  these thoughts are hugely entertaining and women will also enjoy this movie i  m sure   br    br   all cast members perform well  and this film could have been a tremendous hit all over the world if it was made in england or the us . but for those of you who are fortunate enough to understand swedish  you are in for a treat   br    br   highly recommended .  
high energy raoul walsh classic from      the bowery places saloon owner and operator wallace beery against bitter rival and dandy  george raft  with adopted street kid jackie cooper and good looking faye wray in roles that play in between their big rivalry . it  s not clear exactly what the rivalry is all about  but everyone follows it in the daily tabloids . plenty of wisecracks at the beginning  but the characters soften up as the film progresses . apart from that is the sheer exuberance of the scenes in beery  s saloon . the various characters  sexy chorus line  lots of drinking  a perfect creation of a den of iniquity not too refrained by so  called pre  code restrictions  and then later come the carrie nations led by carrie nation herself . it all creates a very vivid picture of a life that  s long gone . i don  t like to compare eras  but this film is completely and totally different from anything one would see today . the film has plenty of heart and long lost innocence and is absolutlely a must see .  
i love this freekin movie  walsh is a true master of the cinematic form  his film have been sometimes in my opinion  overlooked . but this film is a favourite of mine because it really gives you the feel of the time the film was set in .   br    br   all the wonderful characters that existed  the lifestyle  the mode of dress  the way they spoke  ok they might be exaggerated  but it is good to know that there were occasion when two men tried to outdo each other with insane stunts .  br    br   i just felt it was apiece of history thats should be wathced by many people and appreciated because of that fact .  br    br   can i get it somewhere on dvd  i have only seen it on tv . but for anyone wanting a slice of life movie about that period of time this is the perfect one .  
in brooklyn a century ago  the rivalry between chuck connors and steve brodie and their competing volunteer fire brigades leads to brodie  s famous bet that he can jump off the brooklyn bridge . this is a story which will be familiar to a lot of people through a bugs bunny spoof   bowery bugs  from     .  br    br   this generally very enjoyable film would probably be more widely available if it were not for the notorious and unsettling scene involving some chinese tenement dwellers   a time capsule of antediluvian racial attitudes  giving the film a great deal of historical interest  in my view .  
four words account for why this film was made   she done him wrong  . the huge commercial success of that mae west vehicle convinced the studio brass that gay    s melodramas were a viable proposition . here we are rewarded with a fast moving  well written romp which neatly targets the personalities of its stars .  br    br   wallace beery and george raft are excellent as friendly rivals jackie cooper is a little harder to take  but it is fay wray who steals the film with her stock  in  trade damsel in distress . with a strong director  as walsh proves himself to be  wray could carry a lot of punch  and she is utterly believable as the object of both raft and beery  s affection .  br    br   lots of atmosphere  beautifully designed  this is a forgotten film worthy of revival .  
george raft as steve brodie  the carefree  dancing gambler who can never refuse a dare  is pitted against the lumbering  sentimental  chuck connors  wallace beery  . a soft touch for every panhandler  connors impulsively adopts waifs and strays  notably runaway orphan  swipes   jackie cooper  complete with kittens   and the homeless lucy calhoun  an out  of  town innocent with ambitions to become a writer .  br    br   in this male  dominated culture  communication takes place mostly in the form of violence  one sees why the bowery is a martin scorsese favorite  . exploding cigars provide a running gag .  swipes  enjoys throwing rocks through windows in chinatown  on one occasion setting a laundry alight .  the simultaneous arrival of both brodie  s and beery  s volunteer fire companies leads to a brawl  during which the building burns to the ground .  beery casually saps a troublesome girl  and thumps anyone who disagrees with him  including brodie  whom he defeats  in a night  time fist fight on a moored barge  to regain control of his saloon  lost on a bet that brodie wouldn  t have the courage to jump off the brooklyn bridge .  brodie does make the leap  but only because a subterfuge with a dummy fails at the last moment .   br    br   as usual  walsh fills the frame with detail  illustrating with relish the daily life of the tenderloin singing waiters  bullying barmen  whores from suicide hall being hustled into the black maria  tailors collaring hapless hicks off the street and forcing them to buy suits they don  t want . a minor but admirable little film .  
a favourite of mine  this movie tells of two feuding new york  characters   steve brodie  raft  and  chuck  connors  beery   who both strive to be the  main guy  in the bowery in the late nineteenth century .  br    br   brodie            and connors             were real people  though this is a heavily fictionalized account of their antics  based on a play  . brodie  s legendary  did he do it   it  s still a cause of argument    jump from the brooklyn bridge        for which he became famous  is shown here as happening around the same time as the spanish  american war       . director walsh clearly had a great affection for the period  so beautifully recreated here  and it includes a wild rumbustious ragtime number from saloon singer trixie odbray  a young pert kelton  . raft is at his slickest as brodie  and beery shows again what a clever actor he was  as tough  big hearted  and at times quite touching connors . pretty fay wray is the love interest both the boys are pursuing .  br    br   full of life and energy   the bowery  moves at a fast pace  unlike many early  talkies   . it is not an easy movie to find  but is well worth looking out for .  
culled from the real life exploits of chuck connors and steve brodie in     s new york   the bowery  is high energy and good natured .  br    br   but be warned casual racial epithets flow off the tongues of wallace beery and little jackie cooper . the very first shot might be startling . this is true to the time it was set and the time it was made . and it also speaks to the diversity of population in that neck of the woods . it certainly adds to the gritty flavor of the atmosphere .  br    br   beery as connors is the blustering thunder at the center of the action  a loud  mouth saloon keeper with his own fire brigade . and he has a soft spot for ornery orphan cooper . raft as brodie is connors  slicker  better looking rival in almost every endeavor . brodie could never turn down a dare and loved attention  leading up to a jump off the brooklyn bridge  it is still debated whether he actually jumped or used a dummy  .  br    br   beery is as bombastic as ever with a put  on irish  american accent . he is just the gruff sort of character to draw children  cats and ladies in distress . this is possibly the most boisterous character raft ever played  and he even gets to throw in a little dancing  as well as a show of leg  . and again he mistakes the leading lady  lovely fay wray  for a prostitute . cooper is as tough as either of them  though he gets a chance to turn on the tears .  br    br   the highlight isn  t the jump off the bridge but a no  holds  barred fistfight between connors and brodie that in closeup looks like a real brawl between the principals . it  s sure someone bruised more than an ego .  
when i saw the movie at first i thought that it was boring because nothing was happening but when all the scary things started to happen like when church dies and is brought back to life and also gage and his mom die and there idiot dad has to bring them back to life even though he nows the warnings and ignores jud . this is not steven kings best work . i thought that his best work was the shining . i don  t think that people who see this movie and comment on how awful it was are wrong because all they think is that what were they thinking . as if that person can do a better job in making a horror flick . i mean making the gage evil and how he kills jud is genius . making the most innocent most unsuspecting character into one of the killers is cool . people who didn  t like the movie are dumb because all it is a scary movie and nothing all . don  t expect something from a movie that it isn  t . it still in a general area wasn  t that good . i still recommend people to watch the movie  
did sandra  yes  she must have  know we would still be here for her some nine years later   br    br   see it if you haven  t  again if you have see her live while you can .  
there is something about pet sematary that i never felt anywhere else . maybe the fact i was a kid when i first watched it made this experience so memorable . but as i keep watching it over and over again  it never gets old  and i never get bored . from the opening credits with that creepy opening song to the very chaotic ending  there is something insane  sad and scary at the same time  and it keeps ringing in your head sometimes dead is better   br    br   i don  t think it would be useful to relate the whole story again . all you need to know is it starts from point a  the most perfect situation for a happy american family  and step by step drowns to point b  which is  believe me  the very end of all joy  . the music is perfect  the story makes sense  the special effects are cool  and the pet sematary is the last place on earth i would be . like i said  sometimes dead is better   
overall this movie was excellent for its time and will be interesting for many more generations to come . although the plot is not     accurate to the book most everything is correct . the movie does skip far ahead and does miss some important parts . i found the book and ready and immediately wished that they had made a movie  because i hadn  t found out about the movie yet  but later i found the movie in a bargain bin at wal  mart and decided to buy it and see if it was what i had expected . overall i give this movies a  out of   for its good parts  relative accuracy and overall making sense  and for its bad parts  large time skips and small but noticeable inaccuracies  .  
personally  i absolutely love this movie and novel  i read the book first and decided to see the movie  . first of all the plot is truly original and one of a kind . the acting is also great and i love the cast . judd crandall  plays fred gwynne  fits his role perfectly and really sells it to you . there are also a few corny lines thrown in there  idk if they were meant to be corny   but they really will lighten up the mood and provide a good laugh . the maine atmosphere is really a perfect spot to film this movie and it kind of draws you in throughout the movie . not only will you love it but you  ll want to see it again and again  i recommend this     to any horror fan    
ah  clichs  clichs  clichs they  re a main part of a wide variety of horror films . this one  has a lot of them . still  it  s stephen king  one of the best masters of horror . this movie was really good  just too predictable . and what horror movie doesn  t have stupid people  this one is overcrowded with retarded victims just practically begging for their life to be taken . pet semetary i found to be creepy a little . the way everything is set up was really spooky  but not terrifying . for the most part  the acting was somewhat believable  the suspense wasn  t that suspenseful  but the entertainment level is set at a major rank my eyes were practically glued to the screen . all stephen king fans must see this movie  but as for anyone else  expect an okay thriller .  
probably the most accurate stephen king adaption yet . not surprising  since king himself wrote the screenplay . the story follows the creed family moving into a beautiful maine house . one of the other residents is jud  a pleasant old man who knows a few things about the area . one is the highway that runs right through their frontyard . the other is a path leading to the pet sematary  where children for decades have buried the animals killed by the highway . soon enough  ellie creed  s cat  church  is found dead . luckily  this happens while the family  with the exception of louis  the father   is away for thanksgiving . jud takes louis to another burial ground  beyond the pet sematary  where church is to be buried . later  louis is greeted  not so politely  by church . he  s returned  appearing to have chewed his way out of the bag he had been buried in . maybe he was buried alive . maybe not . nothing more i can say without ruining the story .  br    br   of all the king adaptions i  ve seen this would be the most terrifying . the characters are real and the situations are normal . mary lambert does a great job directing the proceedings . suspense is kept fairly high throughout the film  due in part to the plot development . the scene where gage is killed will stick in your mind forever . then  of course  we have the conclusion . easy to determine what  s going to happen  but lambert pulls off some genuinely scary  and sometimes disturbing  moments .  br    br   overall  this is a good film and an excellent adaption . if you enjoy being scared and don  t mind being haunted by some occasionally disturbing images then  pet sematary  is just what you  re looking for . non horror fans will want to avoid this .  
so often with stephen king adaptations  you just get a collection of characters reciting dialogue from the books . this really captures the heart of the book . maybe because they don  t use large chunks of text straight from the book  but it  s a bit more of an improv of the events in the story . a big part of its success is miko hughes as baby gage . dale midkiff and denise  tasha yar  crosby really act like his parents . there  s a scene where louis is cuddling gage  and they are very natural together . fred gwynne is wonderful . he nails the maine accent perfectly without lapsing into parody  and is wise and warm just like jud should be .   out of     
ok  first i have to point the fact that when i first saw this flick i was  years old . if i had seen this one two weeks ago for the first time  id probably have noted that this is just another cheaply  made  cable  tv horror film with some well  made scenes . but when youre nine you just dont care about those facts . this scared the hell out of me back then  especially those aforementioned zelda  scenes  and they still do  . nowadays im kind of hooked to this film . i have to see this maybe once in a month  and on every new years eve i watch this with a    pack of beer  bunch of friends . its like an appetizer for a good party  i kinda agree to those people who said that the acting here is pretty unintense . midkiff and crosby do look like i wanted louis and rachel look like  but one cant see very much devotion or feelings on the faces of these two . hughes and gwynne pretty much save the scenes which  the creeds  underact . what i actually want to say about this is the fact that there really is no other film that has any kind of similarity to pet sematary  and i dont mean the zombie stuff here . the atmosphere of this film is certainly a novelty and one of a kind . honestly  how many times you have seen a film which on superficial level looks like a cable  tv one  but leave you with a chill compared to only the best horror  chillers out there  alright i busted some of the casts balls a minute ago  but i have to say that all pieces in that level too hone the overall acting to perfection . but hey tell me if you really know some film which is similar to pet sematary  i really would love to know . . . and i dont mean night of the living dead here . . . this one is way beyond compare in intelligence compared to that stuff .  
spoilers herein  br    br   what really scares you  killer sharks  or maybe ghosts trying to bring back a message  maybe a chainsaw wielding psychopath   br    br   maybe . but those fears don  t even compare to a horror which people dare not even speak of or consider   and that is the death of one  s own child .  pet sematary  taps this base  primal adult fear  and then takes it to places that most could not bear to explore .  br    br   i  ve read comments about this film that include poor acting  characters making stupid decisions  etc . i disagree . the acting is actually first rate for a film like this . maybe it is impossible for many to imagine the desperation resulting from such a scenario . but the film  s events are not only logical  they may be absolutely inevitable if such a scenario were possible . this is the true horror of  pet sematary   it isn  t that pets and people come back from the dead as evil killers who hunt with knives and scalpels  it is that anyone who has lost a child could become so desperate as to commit the crimes that louis creed does . despite warning  or even past history .  br    br   the movie takes those willing to go with it to the depths of a desperate human heart . the heart of a protector trying to make up for not being able to protect . and the results are horrifying . in fact  when the film dives into slasher territory near the end  it  s almost a letdown  although i believe it  s perfectly logical how it got there .  br    br   i am a true horror fan  and i contend that this is one of the scariest horror films ever made . if you don  t think so  see it again after you have children .  
minor spoiler  br    br   underrated little stephen king shocker . it  s not perfect  by any stretch of the imagination   even if the limp performances of dale midkiff and denise crosby were better  there  d still be the mismanaged mystical story elements to contend with . the old micmac burial ground  rachel  s terminally ill sister  and the jacob  marley  an victor pascow never really come together into anything coherent  and the film in places feels confused and overstuffed . but few horror movies really are perfect  and what this one may lack in other areas it makes up for in its willingness to shock . pet sematary  may actually be one of the cruelest horror films in recent memory  with its murderous zombie baby and its insanely insensitive portrayal of zelda . it  s politically incorrect  it  s tasteless  it  s gratuitous   and yet it makes us squirm with revulsion in a way safer  horror movies never can . add to that one of fred gwynne  s best performances and mary lambert  s witty direction  and you have an intensely satisfying scary movie   even with the hokey ending . highly recommended for genre fans .  .  out of   .  
  pet sematary  succeeds on two major situations . first  it  s a scary horror movie . those that just aren  t produced in these days . second  it  s an emotional  clever movie overall . so if you are looking for chills  scares  creepiness and visually stunning settings  great acting  dialongs  and gruesome effects this is the movie you are looking for . a classic now and truly a must see for any horror fan .  br    br   probably  the best adaptation to any of king  s novels . the events feel a little rushed compared with the novel  but that doesn  t means that this underrated movie isn  t a complete horror  drama accomplishment .  br    br   stephen king  s novel is widely known for being very emotional and gruesome at the same time . the movie captures the same feeling mainly because there  s a great character development and you can feel the loving relationship between it  s members . then  when everything seems to be happiness  technically happy  because the title  pet sematary  does not offers appiness   a tragic event changes the movie  s atmosphere  now it turns very dark . the movie has a sinister feeling since the opening credits  but after gage is killed the movie becomes sad  gray  creepy . dealing with the loss of a baby son is something that can ruin a family  s entire life  and  pet sematary  proves it dramatically .  br    br   the legend behind the pet sematary is more than a myth that no one wants to experience  but sadness and desperation lead an emotionally destroyed father to give it a shot . sadly enough  the legend comes true and baby gage returns from the dead . the previous encounter with the pet sematary legend turned out to be a tragedy but this time it  s something much  much worse . what will happened with the lives of our all american family  could pascow prevent this tragedy  what is it with the surreal nightmares   br    br   watch  pet sematary  to witness one of the most touching  emotional horror movies of recent times . you won  t regret . the acting is very good although i didn  t dig the actor who portrayed the father . he didn  t seem disturbed enough when the situations asked for his desperation . but that  s just my opinion . denise crosby truly delivered a great performance and worked perfect as the noble  tender mother . baby gage was amazing even on his creepy parts . shivers . overall this is a great classic of all time and a disturbing movie that touches people  s deepest fears . . . the loss of someone you love  the dead returning to life  and a feeling of desperation .  br    br   something is for sure . . . i don  t wanna be buried  in a pet sematary    
if you ever have the chance to see sandra bernhard live in person  you better move on it sweetie . i saw her last year in los angeles at the opening of her everything bad and beautiful tour and i still can  t believe that i was in the first row  and lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal show . she is now in new york with the show and it coincides with the release of her groundbreaking stunner   without you i  m nothing  . we have lost richard pryor  lenny bruce  nina simone  but sandra is still with us . patti smith is missing in action  but not sandra . barbara streisand continues to peep her head out once in awhile but sandra more than makes up for where babs leaves off . okay  i want it known  ms . bernhard is a little of these influential entertainers and more . i really wanted to push this film because of its truth  honesty  humor  eclectic songs  ranging from laura nyro  sylvester  nina simone  prince   and a script that defines the decadence  joy  sadness  ups and downs of the    s and    s . it is my opinion that many  and i mean  many  comics have lifted  okay outright stolen  so much from this show if not from sandra herself . i won  t name names but come on  people  you and i know who they are . see  the thing is  bernhard plays by her own rules . this movie shows  as does her live performances  that she is a performer who has stayed true to the old school of show business  as well as pushing forward . her performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs  during the time of miles davis  coltrane  monk      s tv shows  intimate cabaret acts and concerts that are reminiscent of everyone from judy garland to joan jett . most comedians couldn  t even touch where sandra is coming from or going to . so  here i was  a year ago  watching sandra at the silent movie theater  in total awe and joy . i wanted to meet her after the show  give her something that meant something to me  that  hopefully would mean something to her . but i listen to my copy of giving til it hurts  and just thank her in a prayer  of sorts for making me laugh  making me think  making me feel . you can  t deny this lady  s presence and you certainly cannot deny the talent that just rushes from the stage . she  s still here  damn it  even after the release of without you i  m nothing  some   years ago . and she looks great  by the way . i know this firsthand  walking from the theater one audience member said to another   she is so funny . . and she still looks incredible    if you can  t experience her live yet  please see this movie . as for me  i do hope that sandra will see this . you  ve meant a heck of a lot to me  gotten me through some tough crazy times . if you can send me an email  please do . if not  knowing that you are still kicking it out and will continue to do so  is enough for me . come on  people  give it up for the lady      
making a book into a movie by following the story page  by  page is never a good idea . when people read the book  they automatically start making their own  mental movie  of who the characters look like  the places they exist in  how the situations progress . and everybody  s mind  s  eye opus is different  which is why when the  real  movie finally comes out  you  re always going to have a ticked  off segment of the movie  going audience who are disappointed that it just doesn  t measure up .  br    br   all a screenwriter and a director can hope to accomplish is whatever their own vision of the movie is  and hope that it comes as close as possible to what their audience is expecting to see .  br    br   there is no better case for this situation than the movies based on the novels of stephen king . when filmmakers capture at least the essence of his stories  the results can be breathtaking and truly terrifying  carrie   salem  s lot  the dead zone   or they can be what fans consider to be a gawd  awful mess  kubrick  s version of the shining the miniseries for it and the tommyknockers  .  br    br   although it  s not even close to being the perfect king adaptation  pet sematary has so many moments of just skin  and  bone  deep unease that seemed to have bled onto the screen directly from the book  that you can pretty much forgive its shortcomings . for that  we have music video  turned  film director mary lambert to thank   she also directed siesta  not exactly a horror movie  but another freaky  as  hell must  see you should put on your list   working from a screenplay by the  man  ster  himself  and probably one of his better ones .  br    br   since the majority of you know the story  i won  t put you to sleep with too many of the details . dr . louis creed  dale midkiff  has moved his family out to the perfect house in the country . well  almost perfect  except for two nasty little details the dangerously busy stretch of interstate highway out in front  and the large pet cemetery in the woods out back . since louis is a veterinarian and has a young toddler for a son . . . well  even if you haven  t read the book  do the frickin  math . it is a king story  after all  so no mystery where this is headed .  br    br   it  s not so much the destination that counts here  but the spooky stops along the way . certain scenes that are so familiar from the book are brought to shivery  scream  inducing life here rachel creed  s  star trek  s denise crosby  horrific memory of her terminally ill  crippled sister louis  s encounters with the mortally injured jogger victor pascow  brad greenquist   both before and after his death the trip into the  other  cemetery beyond the pet cemetery . and that third act . . . if it doesn  t give you a few nightmares  maybe you should check your pulse .  br    br   good performances by all here  especially the late fred gwynne as the well  intentioned neighbor  jud crandall  who gets the best line in the story that sums it all up  sometimes  dead is better .   br    br   about the only problem with the movie version is the casting of louis  s son  gage  miko hughes  . knowing that it would be damn near impossible to get the kind of performance needed from a kid that age to seal the deal on this  lambert and crew still did the best they could  and unfortunately  hughes at the time was just too damn cute to  sell  his intended role as an evil  demon  possessed zombie . this takes you out of the movie whenever he shows up  though the scenes where he  s featured are still masterfully staged   especially gwynne  s death scene .   br    br   other than that  everything else is still about as good as it gets . carrie still holds the title for best king adaptation as far as i  m concerned but sematary is right up there in the top five .  br    br   still  will anything adapted for the screen based on a king book be as terrifying as reading the story  not bloody likely . . . for now .  
this is one of the creepiest  scariest and most heartbreaking horror movie ever   br    br   dr creed  louise  and his family moving in to new home with his wife  rachel   daughter  ellie  and little son  gage  everything seems normal until dr creed loses one his patient who had a terrible head injury  then he is haunted by the ghost know as victor takes him to the pet sematarty and show him that where the dead come to life .  br    br   louis not knowing if that was all dream and is talking to ellie who worried about her cat that could be killed by lorry and then later on rachel tells louis that it really hard for to talk about death because of her sister zelda who was really sick  as we see in a flashback how sick her sister really was and this is one of the most creepiest scene ever    br    br   the next day louis gets a call from jed saying there cat as been killed by lorry and jed take him to place where victor the ghost told him not to go  and bury the cat  his wife and kids have go to see their grandparents and louise is home alone shocked to see the cat is back and now it as evil in it eyes so he goes to see jed then jed tell him that he also buried his dog there too  as we seen other flashback  .  br    br   later on in the movie the family out having picnic  gage is playing with kite and gage say  s i drop it   the wind blow the rod near the road where a lorry coming at fast past  gage is get closer to road  louis is rushing to get him  the most heartbreaking scene in any horror movie will leave with your jaw on floor or shivers will go down your back when you hear louis screams  soon he missing him so much  louis then buries gage in same place where is buried the cat .  br    br   the scariest thing about this movie is that some scenes in this movie are not too far from really life .  br    br   this movie is just amazing and the acting from everyone was great    out    
i am a fairly big fan of most of the films that have been based on stephen king  s books  this one rates as one of the scariest and most memorable .  br    br   i have just finished rewatching it for about the tenth time and i still find it heart  wrenching as well as scary .  br    br   the scene where gage is on a sure collision course with the monster truck is one which stands out . and the  no fair  uttered by little miko hughes near the end is a touch of brilliance .  br    br    
  pet sematary  is an adaptation from the stephen king novel of the same title . the story follows the creeds  an all american  middle  class family  who move into a house out in the country . the family consists of louis and rachel  and their two young children  ellie and their toddler son  gage . the house couldn  t be better  and the family meets a strange but friendly old man  jud  who lives across the road . he leads them down an old path into the woods one day where a pet graveyard lies  filled with a huge amount of animal graves . and just beyond there  lies a sacred indian burial ground that seems to possess a strange power . when the family cat  church  is killed  louis sees it fit to bury him in the pet cemetery  and strangely enough  soon after  church returns to life . but there  s something evil about him now  he isn  t the same cat he used to be . and when a tragic accident takes the life of young gage  louis decides to apply the same concept in hopes of reviving his dead son . . . unfortunately  he gets more than he bargained for .  br    br   having read stephen king  s novel  i can say that the book is much better than the film . not to say the movie is bad  because it isn  t  the book is just a little bit better . the real strength in this film lies in it  s story  which is both bizarre but extremely original  something that king  s stories are typically known for . the script is very well adapted from the story  and while it minorly differs in some aspects  it  s a pretty good page  to  screen transformation . there are a few plot holes here and there  nothing major though . besides that  this movie is actually pretty scary  and it succeeds in it  s intention to do so . there are some really disturbing scenes throughout the film  and i  d have to say that the flashback sequence of rachel  s sister zelda is the number one . honestly  that is one of the most disgusting  disturbing things i  ve ever seen in a horror film  it  s not gory and bloody  it  s just flat out sickening . one thing  s for sure  that image won  t leave your head anytime soon .  br    br   the performances in this film were all very up to par and i really had no problem there . this film is actually on the gory side  there are plenty of nasty little sequences to please all of the gore hounds out there  including the shocker of an ending . i really liked the way they ended the film  it was abrupt and somewhat inconclusive  but it worked better that way with all things considered .  br    br   overall   pet sematary  is a good horror movie that i  d recommend to those who are fans of either stephen king or just fans of the genre in general . the story is the film  s greatest asset and it  s a creepy one too . one of the better stephen king adaptations i  d say .     .  
louis creed  a doctor from chicago  moves to a large house near a small town  since he is going to be giving classes in the university of maine  s . along with him  is his wife rachel and their two kids  ellie and gage  as well as ellie  s cat  church . soon  they met their new neighbor  and old man named judd crandall . judd not only warns louis and rachel about the danger that is the highway that runs past their house  that is constantly a way used by big trucks  but also show to the family a pet cemetery that is located near their house . judd starts to talk about the importance of the pet cemetery  but rachel is against to talk about death and spirituality with her children  since she has traumas from her sister zelda  s death .  br    br   during the first week of the family in the new house  louis already has dead people to deal with victor pascow  a student who has been fatally injured in an automobile accident  addresses his dying words to louis personally  even though the two men are strangers . on the night following pascow  s death  louis experiences what he believes is a very vivid dream in which he meets pascow  who leads him to the pet cemetery and warns louis to not  go beyond  no matter how much you feel you need to .  louis wakes up in bed the next morning convinced it was only a dream  until he discovers his feet and the bedsheets covered with dirt and pine needles . anyway  he dismisses the dream . many strange things starts to happen and church  ellie  s cat  dies while walking on the highway . louis stays worried in how he is going to talk about church  s death with ellie  but judd  sympathizing with him  jud takes louis to the pet cemetery  supposedly to bury church . but instead of stopping there  jud leads louis farther on a frightening journey to  the real cemetery   an ancient burial ground that was once used by the micmac   . . . indians . . .   . there louis buries the cat on jud  s instruction  with jud saying that animals buried there have come back to life . and that is where the real horror story begins . . .  br    br   i personally find this movie very good . it  s not the most horrifying of all  but it is one of the best horror movies i watched . the way gage dies  is almost impossible to not stay in your memory  specially being a toddler . it  s cool to see stephen king  s cameo as the minister of the funeral .  br    br   of course  there are some script errors how can a rich doctor with two small kids  goes to live in a place where there is a dangerous highway near his house  how gage has no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck  why louis continues to resurrect every member of his family knowing they are all going to stay like monsters  things like that doesn  t make any sense  but i can understand that all horror  s scripts needs to have some surreal ideas to work .  br    br   a good thing i saw in this movie  is the necessity to talk about death with the children  no matter what is your religion or if you are an atheist  and also that avoiding important subjects doesn  t help anything . because of louis being afraid to be honest with ellie  confronting her and saying that her cat wouldn  t be back again  all the nightmare began .  
as this happens to be one of most favorite novels  i was very excited to see the move . i was not disappointed  yes of course there are a few things that i could pick on  but i think that the movie stuck true to the book  and was a really good movie . it seems that stephen king films mostly get a bad review  but this is one of the good ones . it is such a dark story  which i guess is why i like it . . and what is better than the dead coming to life . . and something about animals returning from the grave is quite creepy too . if you have seen the movie do yourself a huge favor and now read the book   it is a well written screen play  the actors could have done a better job  i only say this for rachel  and ellie . . she was so whinny  i liked everyone else a lot . . and most important to me . . it stuck true with the novel .  
in the trivia section for pet sematary  it mentions that george romero  director of two stephen king stories  creepshow and the dark half  was set to direct and then pulled out . one wonders what he would  ve brought to the film  as the director mary lambert  while not really a bad director  doesn  t really bring that much imagination to this adaptation of king  s novel  of which he wrote the screenplay . there are of course some very effective  grotesquely surreal scenes  mainly involving the sister zelda  likely more of a creep  out for kids if they see the film   and the casting in some of the roles is dead  perfect . but something feels missing at times  some sort of style that could correspond with the unmistakably king  like atmosphere  which is in this case about as morbid as you  re going to get without incestuous cannibals rising from the graves being thrown in  who knows if he  ll save that for his final novel . . .   br    br   as mentioned though  some of the casting is terrific  notably miko hughes as gage creed  the little boy who goes from being one of the cutest little kids this side of an    s horror movie  to being a little monster  i say that as a compliment  of course  especially in scenes brandishing a certain scalpel  . and there is also a juicy supporting role for fred gwynne of the munsters  who plays this old  secretive man with the right notes of under  playing and doom in tone . and applause goes to whomever did the make  up on andrew hubatsek . but there are some other flaws though in the other casting dale midkiff is good  not great  as the conflicted  disturbed father figure creed  and his daughter ellie is played by an actress that just didn  t work for me at all .  br    br   in terms of setting up some chilling set  pieces  only a couple really stand  out a certain plot  thickening moment  not to spoil  it does involve a cool ramones song   and the first visit to the pet sematary  the bigger one   including the sort of mystical overtones king had in the shining . for the most part it  s a very polished directing job  though it could  ve been made even darker to correspond with the script . if thought out in logical terms  albeit in king terms  it is really one of his more effective works of the period . but it doesn  t add up like it could  or should . still  it makes for a nifty little midnight movie .  
pet semetary           the creed family have just moved into the small town of ludlow . the family consists of a father  louis  a mother  rachel  a brother gage  and a daughter  ellen . they are greeted with kindness by jud crandall . jud is    and could basically tell you about the entire history of ludlow .  br    br   behind the creed  s new house  there is a path leading to a pet cemetery  spelled pet sematary  . when ellen wants to go up to see it  jud willfully takes the family on a trip . that is the start of hell for the creed family .  br    br   when rachel and the kids are gone  ellen  s cat church dies . jud feels that ellen isn  t ready for the death of her cat  so he suggests louis follow him further up the path  past the pet cemetery .  br    br   jud tells louis of this burial ground  once used by micmac indians . louis buries church  without jud  s help . a couple of days later  church returns  alive  but from hell .  br    br   this movie was one of two horror movies that could actually scare me  aside from  the exorcist .  the greatest performance would ever be zelda  rachel  s sister with spinal meningitis  or victor pascow  a ghost who tries to help the creeds from making the mistake of bringing back things from the dead .  br    br   the music in this movie plays an extravagant part . it is at the same time sad and mysterious . it goes along with the movie wonderfully .  br    br        
i am a big fan of stephen king  s work  and this film has made me an even greater fan of king . pet sematary is about the creed family . they have just moved into a new house  and they seem happy . but there is a pet cemetery behind their house . the creed  s new neighbor jud  played by fred gwyne  explains the burial ground behind the pet cemetery . that burial ground is pure evil . jud tells louis creed that when you bury a human being  or any kind of pet  up in the burial ground  they would come back to life . the only problem  is that when they come back  they are not the same person  they  re evil . soon after jud explains everything about the pet sematary  everything starts to go to hell . i wont explain anymore because i don  t want to give away some of the main parts in the film . the acting that pet sematary had was pretty good  but needed a little bit of work . the story was one of the main parts of this movie  mainly because it was so original and gripping . this film features lots of make  up effects that make the movie way more eerie  and frightening . one of the most basic reasons why this movie sent chills up my back  was in fact the make  up effects . there is one character in this film that is truly freaky . that character is  zelda .  this particular character pops up in the film about three times to be precise . zelda is rachel creed  s sister who passed away years before  but rachel is still haunted by her . the first time zelda appears in the movie isn  t generally scary because she isn  t talking or anything  but the second time is the worst  and to be honest  the second time scares the living  out of me . there is absolutely nothing wrong with this movie  it is almost perfect . pet sematary delivers great scares  some pretty good acting  first rate plot  and mesmerizing make  up . this is truly one of most favorite horror films of all time .   out of   .  
pet sematary is a very good horror film and believe it or not somebody can make a good horror film out of a stephen king novel . mary lambert does a great job with this film and manages to bring across king  s creepy story pretty well . most people may avoid this  but they should check it out .  
well  this might be one of the funniest movies of all time  and sandy gives a tour  de  force performance  alas  her career never quite took off  but  at last  she will always be remembered for her three first  rate pictures  the king of comedy    dallas doll   and  without you i  m nothing  . she dons into different personas from new york socialite to diana ross to create a biting and hilarious critique of popular culture in america . sexy and fierce  tender and sensual  philosophical and melancholic  she convinces the audience in every scene  and she actually is  really pretty  . watch this one  if you  re not from iowa   you  ll certainly enjoy it    
one of the best  if not the best  stephen king  s screenings . dark as dark can be  surprising non  hollywood ending  terrifying atmosphere  amazing book adaptation  outstanding cast  educational  don  t play with afterlife   in short  everything an excellent horror should be . . .  br    br   my favorite horror movie  straight    .  
this scary and rather gory adaptation of stephen king  s great novel features outstanding central performances by dale midkiff  fred gwynne  who sadly died few years ago  and denise crosby and some really gruesome gore effects . director mary lambert has a wonderful sense of visual style  and manages to make this one of the few versions of king  s work that is not only worth seeing  but genuinely unnerving . the depiction of the zombie child gage  miko hughes  later in  new nightmare   is equally noteworthy  as what could easily have been a laughable character is made menacing and spooky . as for the people  who think that this one isn  t scary  watch it alone in the dark  eventually with your squeamish girlfriend  and i guarantee you that  pet sematary  will creep you out . some horror movies like this one or  the texas chain saw massacre  shouldn  t be watched in group . recommended for horror fans   
i have screened this movie several times here at college  and every time i show it  the number of people watching with me grows exponentially . . . in addition to the virgins  anyone i  ve already shown it to needs to see it again  it takes a little while to get into it  but by the end the whole room is screaming  shouting  yelling  rewinding scenes repeatedly  repeating dialogue  and just totally and completely engrossed in the moviegoing experience that is pia zadora in  the lonely lady   scene after scene after scene of the most ineptly filmed  poorly written  horribly acted trash is thrown at you in an all  out assault that ranks as the campiest thing i own  no small statement  friends  . for me nothing compares  u  pia . . . and i don  t suppose i  m the only one who  s ever felt this way   
i kind of liked the lonely lady . give pia a break . she looks great and she has really nice eyes . what  s not to like  the scene where she gets raped by ray liotta with a garden hose was kind of gross and cruel . actually  a lot of stuff that happens in this movie is gross and cruel . but its a trashy movie . a lot of movies that are trashy are not all bad . i liked this better than valley of the dolls  which was not only trashy but boring as well . at least this wasn  t boring .  br    br   pia gets naked a lot and seems miscast as a writer . watching her talk about pushkin and byron with a guy three times her age is flat unbelievable . i  m sure pia  s a nice person in real life  she just doesn  t project the writer vibe . she looked much happier when she was working as a hostess for that guy from saturday night fever and wearing a glittery disco dress .  br    br   a couple of the scenes are funny . the one where she tells the two  timing actor that she  s pregnant and he rolls his eyes and snaps at her to  stop hanging around    all the while he  s practically fawning over every bimbo who flounces by .  br    br   pia  s nervous breakdown scene is good . it was probably a mistake to go so supernova on it  the vortex of floating faces and freeze  frame scream  whoa   and her subsequent catatonic stupor is kind of overdone .  br    br   the acceptance speech is a hoot  though . i want to see someone do that speech in a drama class .  br    br   but  again  this is trash we  re talking about . you could find worse on any movie of the week back in the eighties .  
bad script  bad direction  over the top performances  overwrought dialogue . what more could you ask for  for laughs  it just doesn  t get any better than this . zadora  s over  acting combined with the cliched scenarios she finds herself in make for an hilarious parody of the  hollywood  machine . almost as funny as  spinal tap  even though it was clearly not intended as such . don  t miss ray liotta  s debut film line   looks like a penis .   
the title has many meanings  the boxing ring  where differences and grievances are fought out  a wedding ring  where mabel feels trapped and jack feels his troubles will be over and the cause of the trouble  a ring  like bracelet that bill gives mabel as a love token .  br    br   former professional boxer  danish carl brisson  was given his start in films by alfred hitchcock in  the ring  . a very young ian hunter  who went on to have such a long career in movies  plays bob corby  who catches the eye of a pretty girl  mabel  lillian hall davis  at a fun fair . she happens to be engaged to  one round  jack sander  carl brisson  but that doesn  t stop her flirting with bob . bob is persuaded to go  one round  with jack . he goes several rounds and wins  he is a professional boxer and he and his manager have come to the fair to find out if jack is as good a fighter as they have heard . he offers to take jack on and jack goes off  along with his boorish trainer  the great gordon harker  to make his fortune with plans to marry mabel when he makes good . jack wins his fight and marries mabel the next day  but the deep attraction that she and bob feel for each other is still there . jack is suspicious and puts everything into his training so he can fight bob for his wife .  br    br   at last a boxing movie where the hero doesn  t go off the rails  bob behaves himself and does everything he can to be a champion  if only mabel acted in the same way    she has left him for bob  and the fight at the end is a mighty one . it is intensely realistic  it occupies the last   minutes of the film . from being raw and enthusiastic  jack is almost knocked out  then between rounds  reuniting with mabel  gives him the courage to triumph . the question is why would he even want her back  from the start she thought nothing of starting an affair with bob  why wouldn  t she do it again   br    br   the film is loaded with symbolism . jack  shaking hands with the promoter  changes to mabel  s hands accepting a bracelet from bob . when jack puts the ring on mabel  s finger  bobs bracelet slips down her arm . at the end jack sees mabel  s reflection in a ringside water bucket and that gives him the confidence to go on . this is an excellent film that will not disappoint you .  br    br   highly recommended .  
  one  round  jack sander is called that because he  s a carnival boxer who fights any man in the audience . if they can last one round  they win a prize   a popular way to draw customers into traveling shows long ago . jack is in love with the ticket girl  mabel  though her head is quickly turned when bob corby enters the ring to try his chances with jack . what no one at the fight knows is that bob is the champ  so he  s able to beat jack   though it takes him some work . as a result  bob asks jack to become his sparring partner and give up the carnival circuit . later  jack improves so much that he  too  becomes a legitimate boxer . slowly  he works his way up the rankings until he  s nearly ready to take on the champ .  br    br   in the meantime  the champ and mabel start running around behind jack  s back   even though by now mabel has married jack . so  when the final fight occurs between jack and bob  it  s very personal and jack is ready to kill him . is he good enough  will rise justifiable rage against bob help or hinder his performance  tune in and see .  br    br   this film was directed by alfred hitchcock and while today this sort of film seems strange for a director known for mystery  suspense films  back in the     s  hitchcock had no fixed genre which he directed or wrote  he did both for this film  . in fact  in many ways this film is more indicative of hitchcock  s silent style  as a somewhat similar plot came up in one of his next silents  the manxman  also starring carl brisson as the wronged husband  . so  while this seems a lot like a standard boxing film of the day  it was not a radical departure for this great director   even with its rather formulaic ending .  br    br   overall  while a bit predictable and having ian hunter playing a boxing champ seems silly  the film works well . while far from a perfect silent  it  s well worth seeing and packs a nice punch .  
another silent love triangle film from hitchcock  not a mystery  but very english  very well  paced and photographed . smooth boxer bob corby  ian hunter  recruits circus boxer  one round  jack sander  carl brisson  to be his sparring partner  partly to keep the pretty but fickle mabel  lilian hall  davis  nearby . there are lots of character actors and grotesquesat jack and mabel  s wedding the verger  standing in the aisle of the church  registers shock at the sight of the very tall and the very short men  the fat lady  the conjoined twins who  of course  argue about which side of the aisle to sit  and the wedding feast is amusing . the rest of the movie has jack losing mabel and boxing his way back to her heart  or something like that . it was another era altogether  with the audience in evening dress  and the boxers dressing up  too  when out of the ring . the camera angles  the pace  the use of symbols  the cuttingall very stylish and masterful . the camera  work and editing of the last boxing match is very gripping . brisson  s good looks are well  used in this one his smiling is not so oblivious of what  s going on around him as he is in hitchcock  s the manxman  and so is not annoying . but can boxers have such dimples   
hitchcock displays his already developed understanding for visuals in this early silent film . the plot of the film  involving two boxers fighting over a girl  is straight  forward drama without much to recommend it . hitchcock  s talent  though  is found in his stunning use of images . nearly every shot is filled with visual symbols . especially memorable is the jewelry that one boxer gives the girl just before she marries the other boxer . he slides it up her arm in a clearly sexual way and with one simple movement hitch has shown us all we need to know . the boxing scenes are handled well with some interesting point  of  view shots that again prove how far ahead of his time hitchcock was . the film also gives insight into his later treatment of women . the object of the boxers  desires is driven by money and lust  not reason or love . the only other women in the film are either beautiful party girls who make open offers of sex or old crones who help to destroy happy relationships . all in all  the ring is a must for anyone interested in hitchcock  s early work and his development as a visual storyteller .  
i sometimes grow weary of reading reviews of some of hitchcock  s lesser known films  because almost every single one starts out with someone saying this film is grossly overlooked or this is a hidden hitchcock gem or a true hitchcock great or some other generic if  only  people  would  watch  this  they  would  see  that  this  is  a  great  hitchcock  film  just  as  much  as  vertigo  north  by  northwest  psycho  rear  window  etc . so  that being said  i would just like to say that if  only  people  would  watch  this  they  would  see  that  this  is  a  great  hitchcock  film  just  as  much  as  vertigo  north  by  northwest  psycho  rear  window  etc .  br    br   now  that may be overshooting a little bit  the ring is not by any stretch of the imagination even in the same league as any of those films mentioned twice above  but compared to the other films that hitchcock made in the late     s and early     s  i really think that the ring is one of the best photographed and performed films of mostly all of them . as an almost brand new director  there are some astonishing dream sequences and brilliant segments of editing which show why hitchcock was generating so much attention early in his career .  br    br   granted  the film does start with  among other things  the highly disturbing spectacle of an idiot black circus performer  and i use idiot in the definitive manner  the way stephen king so often does  having eggs and fruit thrown at him by a crowd of not the classiest looking white people . i suppose this only illustrates how incredibly different such circuses and people were back then  but i think it is one of the most off  putting sequences in any hitchcock film i  ve seen .  br    br   the main attraction at the circus is a fighter who claims to be able to knock any man down in one round  but when he meets his match  it is against a man that challenges his authority not only in the boxing ring but also in the ring around his wife  s finger . so begins an entertaining if not very tense challenge for the love of one woman  who seems to sway from one man to the other effortlessly and thoughtlessly .  br    br    spoilers  there is  for example  a scene where her husband watches her from above as she is dropped off at home late at night and  just before going into the building  she is coaxed back to the car for a kiss . this kiss is never explained  and there is also the fact that  even at the end when she proves faithful to her husband  or at least ultimately chooses him  they look into each other  s eyes but do not actually kiss .  br    br   the film is certainly beautifully photographed  even more so than several films that hitch released in subsequent years . there is also a performance by gordon harker as one round jack  s trainer who  in his stone faced expressionism  reminds me quite often of the brilliant buster keaton . hitch leaves it a bit ambiguous  but this is a great sample of his early work .  
sandra bernhard  s without you i  m nothing  the movie released in      followed on the heels of her     off  broadway stage production . . . what she and others refer to in the movie as her  smash  hit one  woman show .   br    br   there were several changes in monologues and one  liners  and the movie version visually re  vamps the story  taking sandra from a fabulous existence as a successful stage performer in new york  during what she calls her  superstar summer   to an illusory  almost desperate existence back in her home in los angeles  her fictional manager in the film refers to it as getting sandra back  to her roots  to . . . upscale supper clubs like the parisian room .   br    br   there  s a point to be made here . sandra tries to appeal her liberal worldview and her sometimes harsh critique of american pop culture to an audience that doesn  t completely see it . in l . a . she  s playing to a predominantly black audience  trying to relate her ideas when all these people seem to want is  shashonna   a madonna  look  alike stripper . and even then  with shashonna dancing to drum beats that resemble those from  like a virgin   there  s not much to be said for the audience  s enjoyment of the show . the scene in the club throughout the movie is dryer than a bone . a funny scene to catch is of a rotund man from the audience helping shashonna out of her pants .  br    br   but  if she  s going down  sandra  s doing so with style and force  conveying everything from foul confidence to punctured vulnerability . . . right to the point at which she  s naked  literally   pleading for acceptance and yet somehow still swimming in the pool of her own transparent stardom . her depictions of interactions with the likes of calvin klein  jerry lewis  bianca jagger  ralph lauren and  what we  re lead to believe is  warren beatty are fictional and hilarious .  br    br   sandra begins her show in her most awkward moment  performing a quiet but mystifying rendition of nina simone  s song  four women  while dressed in a mufti and other african garb  singing lines such as  my skin is black    my hair is wooly   and  they call me sweet thing .   br    br   she resurrects and celebrates the ghosts of underworld art in a tremendously funny description of the frenzied estate auction for andy warhol  leave it to andy to have the wisdom and sensitivity into the hours and hours of toil and labor that went into the indian product . . . that they  ve been so lucky to cash in on this whole santa fe thing happening .   br    br   she expounds on the excessiveness of hollywood  consoling a distraught friend then admonishing him  saying  mister  if this is about ishtar  i  m getting up right now and walking out of your life forever because that  s too self  indulgent even for me    br    br   sandra illustrates the expectations of women in the age of feminism . dressed as a cosmo girl  sandra retells her young  girl fantasy to become an executive secretary and marry her boss . she eventually concludes in relief   i  ll never be a statistic  not me . i  m under    and i  m going to be married    br    br   sandra extols the opening of sexuality in society  when he touches you in the night  does it feel all right  or does it feel real  i say it feels real . . . mighty real .   br    br   finally  she cries for change in progressive american society by channeling disco greats patrick cowley and sylvester and proclaiming   eventually everyone will funk    br    br   all this comes in the form of glitzy  schmaltzy but wonderful cabaret performances of songs written and originated by billy paul  burt bacharach  hank williams and laura nyro  to name a few . at the same time  the idealized  fictional incarnation of sandra   her self  generated mirror image   floats around town  a beautiful black model with flowing gowns and tight bustiers reading the kabala  studying chemistry and listening to nwa rap music .  br    br   in without you i  m nothing  sandra bernhard explores emotions and existences that  up until then  she  d only toyed with as a regular guest on late night with david letterman . her almost child  like enthusiasm for shock  exhibited throughout the    s  is thrown aside in the face of a subtler allure  and her confidence in the face of materialism and american celebrity proves refreshing . this approach to comedy would change sandra  s direction forever and mark the more mature  more personable entertainer to come .  br    br   if you like subtle humor to the point of engaging in inside jokes about glamour  celebrity  sex  loneliness  despair and shallow expressions of love and kinship  this movie will keep you in stitches . it may not be meant to be funny across the board . perhaps it  s a bit unsettling or even maudlin for some . but consider the emptiness of the world sandra paints for you  and you  ll understand just how funny and brilliant she really is .  br    br   but see without you i  m nothing with a friend  in the know  because it  s definitely funnier that way . before you know it  the two of you will be trading sandra barbs and confusing the hell out of everyone else .  
before dogma    when lars used movies as art  not just a story . a beautiful painting about love and death . this is one of my favorite movies of all time . the color . . . the music . . . just perfect .  
this early film has its flaws   a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance   but it already clearly demonstrates hitchcock  s mastery of editing and the use of powerful images . it  s also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically note  for examples  the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery .  br    br   its core  though  remains the final match  which is still among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing . even though you know that the hero has to win  it becomes quite believable that he will lose  and the movement of his wife from the champion  s corner to his  motivating the final plot pay  off  is very well entwined with the progress of the match . the inserts of the stopwatch do exactly what they should you can almost hear the ticking  even though this is a silent film  the visuals often have a surprisingly auditory feel to them  . the pacing becomes astonishingly rapid  and the viewer gets sucked into the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it .  br    br   the only dvd release with which i am familiar is that of laserlight  a public domain company . as with each hitchcock silent they  ve released  they  ve attached various musical selections  mostly orchestral  to the action . the sound editing is frequently sloppy  and the sound quality varies widely  but some genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices  and the music accompanying the final match works extremely well it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be better accompanied than it is here .  br    br   this is a much more impressive film than its present obscurity would suggest . it deserves an honorable place in both the hitchcock canon and the slender list of worthwhile boxing films .  
surprisingly good early effort from alfred hitchcock . one of the only original screenplays written by hitchcock himself  this film shows remarkable story structure . it kicks off with a rousing boxing match in which carnival champ  one round  jack loses to a challenger from the audience who happens to be a professional prizefighter . the movie then slows down to develop the characters and introduce a love triangle between jack  his girl and the professional boxer . the rest of the film is a dramatic buildup to the rematch between the two men  this time for the heavyweight crown . even in this early film  hitchcock shows his talent for meaningful cinematography and prop placement . an armband bought for the girl by the boxer continues to pop up throughout the movie as a symbol of her unfaithfulness . the only big detractor of this film is that the art of filming a boxing match had not yet been perfected in     . the final match  as a result  ends up being somewhat anticlimactic . the story  though  is what carries this film through .  
at first  i thought the ring would be a more than normal movie with it  s ordinary plot . how surprised was i  of course  the plot is simple  one girl is in love with two men  but hitchcock brings it to us on a silver platter  with laughter and fear  with compassion and anguish . the way he depicts the popular crowds of the fair  the strength of the attraction of the girl to both men  the tragic elements that come together with techniques that open the mind to most of his greatest movies  north by northwest  the rope  etc .  . the master did it great even before his thirties   
the ring was made from the only screenplay hitchcock wrote himself and it deals  as many of his earliest pictures do  with a love triangle . at first glance  it looks like a more cynical update of the infidelity  themed morality comedies of cecil b . de mille  but more than that it is the first really competent hitchcock picture . even if he was not yet using the ideas and motifs of suspenseful thrillers  he was at least developing the tools with which to create suspense .  br    br   as well as being a student of the german expressionist style  the rhythmic editing style of sergei eisenstein had had its impact upon hitchcock . but here he keeps tempo not just with the edits but with the content of the imagery . this is apparent from the opening shots  where spinning fairground rides brilliantly establish a smooth tempo . and like eisenstein  the editing style seems to suggest sound  for example when a split  second shot of the bell being rung is flashed in  we almost subconsciously hear the sound because the image is so jarring .  br    br   there is also a contrast  particularly with silent films from the us  in that the ring is not cluttered up with too many title cards . as much as possible is conveyed by imagery  and hitch has enough faith in the audience to either lip  read or at least infer the meaning of the bulk of the characters  speech . and it  s not done by contrived symbolism or overacting  it  s all done by getting the right angles and the right timing  particularly with point  of  view shots  as well as some strong yet subtle performances . there are unfortunately a few too many obvious expressionist devices  particularly double exposures   many of which were unnecessary  but there is far less of this than there is in the lodger .  br    br   let  s make a few honourable mentions for the aforementioned actors . first up  the stunningly handsome and very talented carl brisson in the lead role . in spite of his talent i was at first a bit confused as to why he got the role  as to be honest he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist  but that just goes to show how much i know  as it turns out brisson was in fact a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting . playing his rival is the competent ian hunter  who would go on to have a lengthy career in supporting roles right up to the   s . the most demanding role in the ring has to be that given to lillian hall  davis  torn between two lovers . she pulls it off very well however with an emotive  understated performance  and it  s a shame her career never lasted in the sound era . and last but not least the great gordon harker provides some comic relief in what is probably his best ever role .  br    br   the ring  s climactic fight scene is among the most impressive moments of silent  era hitchcock . martin scorcese may have had his eye on the ring when he directed the fight scenes in raging bull  as his watchword for these scenes was  stay inside the ring  . the fight in the ring starts off with some fairly regular long shots  but when the action intensifies hitchcock drops us right in the middle of it  with close  ups and point  of  view shots . hitchcock  s aim always seems to have been to involve his audience  and this was crucial in his later career where the secret of his success was often in immersing the viewer in the character  s fear or paranoia .  br    br   the ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known the lodger . it  s a much more polished and professional work than the earlier picture  and probably the best of all his silent features .  
the symbolic use of objects  form editing  the position of characters in the scene . . . these were all used with such joyous abandon by hitchcock that you can really see what a fertile genius he had . the way the wife moves from one corner of the ring to the other as the fight progresses  the editing when the wedding ring is placed on her finger . . . while these may seem a bit obvious by todays standards  in the silent era they spoke volumes about the story without a word being spoken . even the title has a least four meanings that i can see the boxing ring  the wedding ring  the bracelet the lover buys  and the love triangle at the heart of the story .  
this movie does a great job of explaining the problems that we faced and the fears that we had before we put man into space . as a history of space flight  it is still used today in classrooms that can get one of the rare prints of it . disney has shown it on  vault disney  and i wish they would do so again .  
i have not seen this movie  at least not in its entirety . i have seen a few haunting clips which have left me gagging to see it all . one sequence remains in my memory to this day . a  very convincing looking  spacecraft is orbiting the dark side of the moon . the pilot releases a flash device in order to photograph the hidden surface below him . the moon flashes into visability . . . . and for a few seconds there it is . parallel lines  squares  could it be . . then the light fades and the brief glimse of . . . what . . . has gone and it is time for the spacecraft to return to earth . wonderful . i have seen some other clips too but would love to obtain the full movie .  
this documentary was nominated for an oscar and it  s easy to see why . even   years later  it is quite an impressive piece of work . why it isn  t in  print is a mystery that only disney can explain . good use of live footage and animation in tandem . this used to run as part of  vault disney  every few months or so  but i haven  t seen it listed in quite a while . sigh most recommended .  
oh  where are you going  my little one  little one . . .  br    br   turn around and you  re two  turn around and you  re four . . .  br    br   i remember these shows when they were first broadcast on disneyland . i remember sitting there  electrified by werner van braune  s explanations of rocket science . i watched as history  science and humor were all interwoven in an engrossing story of possibilities .  br    br   that was fifty years ago . and the shows are back in the disney treasures series  and what a treasure they are . i watched them last night and tonight with my  year old daughter  who at first would not even come in the room  but later changed her mind when she saw they were partly animated . as she watched i watched her  and by the end she was nearly as engrossed as i had been .  br    br   turn around and you  re a young wife with babes of your own . . .  br    br   sure  some of the predictions about reaching the moon were wrong . but there is a lot of information that is still quite accurate  and the overall presentation is still impressive . i found myself thinking my daughter  s teacher might want to show them to her class  not only as a   year old artifact  but also as fun and easy to understand lessons in history .  br    br   turn around  turn around  turn around and again . . . you  re wondering how much has really changed in   years .  
buddy is an entertaining family film set in a time when  humanizing  animals  and making them cute was an accepted way to get people to be interested in them .  br    br   based on a true story  buddy shows the great love that the main characters have for animals and for each other  and that they will do anything for each other .  br    br   while not a perfect movie  the animated gorilla is quite lifelike most of the time and the mayhem that occurs within the home is usually amusing for children .  br    br   this film misses an opportunity to address the mistake of bringing wild animals into the home as pets  but does show the difficulties .  br    br   a recommended film which was the first for jim henson productions .  
not to be confused with the british black comedy of the same name that came out in     . but this shallow grave is a worthy addition to the    s backwoods slasher .  br    br   the plot goes   sorority girls from a convent are planning the spring break of a lifetime in florida  but they  re plans are put on hold when one of them witness a man murdering a local woman  and when he realizes that he was seen  well let  s just say it becomes a deadly game of cat and mouse and things get even worse when he turns out to be the local sheriff .  br    br   shallow grave in my opinion is one of the more enjoyable slashers that came out in the    s  especially the late    s which was when the slashers kinda went downhill  this was one of the few that didn  t and this movie should be more well known  it  s a pity it isn  t . this is one film that actually confounds stereotypes  just try guessing who the final girl is going to be  i got it totally wrong  . the principle cast are all likable and it  s one of those movies that you kinda hope they all get away  which of course they don  t . this  coupled with the fluffiness of the film  s first half  an  hour jars  in a good way  with some flashes of real nastiness  the second murder provides a real jolt  and some unexpected sleaziness  even though this isn  t a high budget thriller i didn  t expect the topless scene where a woman is strangled with her own bra  accompanied by a hysterical religious radio broadcast   in a film from this late in the    s  .  br    br   there are one or two bad things about this movie  well not bad just minor  like the sub plot with the two teenage boys which doesn  t go anywhere and the ending which was stupid and plus the deputy inability to follow logic . there aren  t any sharp implements in shallow grave but  to my mind at least  it  s a slasher flick through and through . the scenes where the girls are hunted through the woods by the malevolent sheriff are tense and exciting .  br    br   all in all a very enjoyable and worthwhile slasher  with great performances from all four of the main girls and that psycho sheriff .  
trudy lintz  rene russo  was one very fortunate lady many years ago . she was the wife of a wealthy doctor and had lots of extracurricular money . her passion was animals and she devoted herself to providing a sanctuary for the furry ones on her property grounds . trudy also raised two chimps in her home to be more like children . they dressed in clothes and had many amenities . one day  she learns of an abandoned baby gorilla . knowing nothing about the large apes  she relies on her husband  s medical abilities and expert advice to save the gorilla  s life . once out of danger  trudy decides she will raise the gorilla  also  as one of her children . this works well for years and buddy  the gorilla  is truly a remarkably intelligent addition to her home . but  buddy is also a gorilla and his strength and curiosity become quite enormous . will trudy be able to keep buddy under control  for those who love animals  buddy is a must  see movie . based on a true story  trudy and her ape develop a relationship that is unique in the annals of animal history and lore . of course  buddy is not a real gorilla but a mechanical one  in the film  but he is very close to seeming totally real . russo gives a nice performance as a lady ahead of her time and the supporting players are also quite nice . the costumes are exemplary  as befitting the earlier era of the story  and the settings and production values outstanding . but  most importantly  animals are here in abundance  not only buddy  but the adorable chimps  the ducks  the rabbits  and so forth . for those who want to watch a film and be transported to animal heaven  here on earth  this is a great movie choice . all animal lovers  and even those who just want to watch a great family film  will go  ape  over buddy .  
i enjoyed the innocence of this film and how the characters had to deal with the reality of having a powerful animal in their midst . the gorilla looks just terrific  and the eyes were especially lifelike . it  s even a little scary at times and should have children slightly frightened without going over the top . rene russo plays her role wonderfully feminine . usually these type of hollywood films that take place in the past feel the need to create a straw  man villain but the only adversary is the gorilla . it  s an interesting look at how close some animals are to humans  how they feel the same emotions we do  and yet how we really can  t treat them just like people because they aren  t . not many films venture into this territory and it  s worth seeing if you want to contemplate the human  animal similarity .  
this picture came out in     and it was the second in the three part series of the life of sheriff buford pusser . bo svenson takes over the role of sheriff buford pusser  and luke askew plays the role of mobster pinky dobson . the last that we saw sheriff pusser he was laying in a hospital bed after him and his wife who was killed in ambushed sunday morning drive . after pusser recovers he goes after the men that killed his wife . is pusser able to complete the revenge that he  s after or does the mob try to take him out before he successes . the only thing that bother me about this picture that this was an actual true story . how could you leave in a town with this kind of crime and yet don  t do anything about it . since there was real no name actress in this picture i can  t give it   weasel stars but i can give   
this second film is just as interesting as the previous one except that there is no suspense . we know what he is going to do and what is going to happen before it is even hinted at on the screen . then the pleasure comes only from the way the various tricks happen and the succession of them . we know there will be dynamite in the car  that he will lose a wheel  that the car will have a crash  just to speak of the car . and that is what happens . now the details and the particulars are for you to discover them in the film . that he may be baited by some dumb woman is obvious and has to come but we know that he has already seen through her and that he knows he is being dragged into a trap . now  how is he going to get out of it  that  s what you must discover by yourself . and don  t worry he will get the main trafficker but how is another story . a speed boat is no match to our busy beaver on the river . we also know when he is going to be wounded . they did not know what bullet  proof jackets were in those days . it  s true recently it was discovered that some gis did not have that kind of equipment in iraq . but what is the meaning of such a film  this insistence on hunting the traffickers and this blindness that does not see that it is the prohibition that creates the problem . but the film is a constant and perfect illustration that there is no value what so ever that can stand in the way of this moralistic crusade against the forces of evil . why not simply legalize these goods so that they can be properly observed and under surveillance  when something is not illegal or pushed out of the way it is all the less fun to use them  to do them . it is the forbidden or the restricted that is attractive .  br    br   dr jacques coulardeau  university paris dauphine  university paris  pantheon sorbonne  university versailles saint quentin en yvelines  
this was the first  walking tall  movie i saw  i think in a   movie theater along hollywood blvd .  so i didn  t have any reference to the first installment done by joe don baker . i remember being shocked at the corrupted system of mcnairy county and the brutality of the  redneck gangs  . i was also amazed at the fact that one man decided he  s not going to let it slide  and went out to do something about it . courageous  i thought so  to a point where it sent shivers up my spine .  br    br   i think this movie is a great story about american courage to stand up and do something about a system that  s only serving its own interest . i was pretty blown away about it  and think this is still one of the best movie of the hero  anti  hero genre  which one might laugh but includes recent movies like the  the punisher   but even more so because it  s a true story . the recent remake starring the  rock  just doesn  t do any justice to the real fire in the story of buford pusser .  br    br   a  classic  that i  m sure will resurface again in the future .  
i first watched the walking tall movies when i was about  years old and i thought both joe don baker and bo svenson did a great job  they must have anyway because since watching the movies  i have tried to learn as much about the real sheriff buford pusser as i can . all  parts of the movie gave me chills and buford pusser was a true hero  i only wish he were alive today and that there were more people like him . i would love to thank him for getting rid of all the crime and being so brave . i am very sorry that his family had to go through such horror and pain . my heart goes out to them . so from a   year old fan of sheriff pusser and of the   part walking tall movies and the actors that portrayed him  please do not be negative about these movies and actors  they were only trying to let us know what a wonderful man the real buford pusser was and what a great family he had . and to all the young people who may have not heard much about buford  i suggest you watch the walking tall movies and learn more about him .  
the story is extremely unique . it  s about these  pilots saving earth from alien beings but they have to use a special speed that makes everything around them age rapidly . the whole series is about the pilots dealing with the loss of time  friends  and mentors .  br    br   the ending could have been fantastic . it started to end on a total down note and leave a real mark but instead ended on a super happy disney note and annoyed me very bad .  br    br   the animation is decent for   but can  t compare to nowadays . i have also heard many complain about the cheesiness of the nudity . i actually found it to be somewhat decent . the nudity for the most part was warranted except in episode  where there was an excess .  br    br   overall it deserves a look but the ending keeps it from being a classic .  
being an otaku since the days of robotech  i can still say that gunbuster is one of my favorite animes of all time . considering when it was made  the animation is of superior quality . there are no loops and sequences in which the art decreases in quality . although the final episode is in black and white  it does not detract from the enjoyment of watching the film . although it has been described as being  sappy   it should be kept in mind that females do not react in the same way that males do . since the main character is a female  it should be obvious that she does not necessarily need to resort to  macho  man  tactics in order to gain the respect of her peers . the seiryuu for noriko  incidentally  also plays akane in ranma    . noriko is as   dimensional a cartoon can get her personality captures the essence of a spirited girl who seems at first to be completely helpless but in the end succeeds through the strength of her will . the only complaint i have is that the mecha looked somewhat like teddy bears . even the gunbuster utilizes a rather dubious  homing laser  and  buster shield   which is nothing more than having the machine wrap a giant velvety cloak around itself in true dracula style  technique . i doubt that scene was meant to be funny  but it cracked me up . yet all in all  i would rank gunbuster in the top   anime of all time .  
this anime is a must  see for fans of evangelion . it  s an earlier work of anno hideaki  but his unrestrained  dramatic style is quite in place . also  those who didn  t like evangelion might find this release to bit slightly more palatable . gunbuster is rather unique to sci  fi anime in that it  s actually based on real science . in fact  the show has several little  science lesson  interludes explaining the physics behind some of the events in the movie . one of the big dramatic points in the film is the relative passage of time at speeds near that of light . the series does a wonderful job of dealing with the imaginably traumatic experience of leaving earth on a six month mission traveling near the speed of light and returning to an earth where ten years have passed . the main character remains age   or   throughout the entire series while almost all of the other characters age considerably . be warned  this show is heavy on the sap at times . it also has a couple of the most wholly unmerited breast shots that i have ever seen . i found it fairly easy to ignore the skimpy uniforms and boo  hoo scenes  because the series is otherwise very good  but viewers with a low sap tolerance might want to stay away from this one . on an interesting note  gainax  as always  managed to run out of money in the last couple of episodes . however  they managed to use black and white film and still action sketches to produce a good resolution anyway . the ending is a bit silly  but it left me with such a good feeling in my gut i couldn  t help but love it . gunbuster is  in my opinion  one of the finest pieces of anime around .  
   slight spoilers    br    br   way back  before evangelion was made  before hideaki anno was an idol and household name for many anime fans  and before gainax had reached the status of fanfavorite  gunbuster was made . with only wings of honneamise made by gainax at that time  and the famous otakon shorts or course  gunbuster had some tough acts to follow up . it didn  t make it easier on itself by picking out a genre that was already done countless times before  space opera .  br    br   luckily  gainax decided to put it out as a six  part oav  direct to video  series . this allows the series to have a bigger scope than would have been possible if it was made into a film . this also prevents it from becoming too boring and overly long  with lots of pointless battles and filler along the way . besides that  they made some effort to stay clear from the tested space opera mechanics used in macross or gundam  and many other popular space operas .  br    br   for one  the shows starts out pretty light  with noriko in the okinawa high school for mechapiloting . noriko is the daughter of a respected ship commander who died in battle  when she was still a little kid . this makes her life at the academy quite hard  as some of her fellow classmates start to suspect that noriko is favored by the professors . the first episode is pretty much a comedy drama  with a very tight focus on the characters and setting of the school . things quickly change when the threat of an alien invasion is announced  and noriko and kazumi  best girl in class  are chosen to help the assembled fleet out .  br    br   the middle bulk of gunbuster leaves our female lead in space  focusing on both personal drama and action . a couple more characters are introduced  and parts of noriko  s past are dragged up again . besides that  the alien threat becomes more imminent every minute  and the gunbuster  mankind  s final hope  is presented . smart as writer okada was  he incorporated the principles of time dilation  to spice things up a bit . in short  time moves slower for those who travel at the speed of light . this means that noriko can be part of a war that takes almost a century to complete . also the dramatic aspect of this is accentuated  when noriko sees her friends again on her return to base  who have aged considerably more than her . the science might not be perfect  but it  s presented in a pretty believable way  with even some sd science theatre shorts in between the episodes  where noriko  kazumi and their coach give a short description of the scientific principles used in the series .  br    br   the animation  for a series made in the   s  is definitely good . the designs are retro   s style of course  but it has it  s charm . animation is fluent enough and the character designs are nice  although the costumes do betray  br    br   some of the fanservice fascination gainax will later exploit to the fullest . the mechas throughout the shows are pretty cool too  with the gunbuster as the ultimate killing machine  strong and vast . the last episode was entirely done in black and white . while it  s generally believed  but not confirmed  that this was done for budget reasons  it lends a whole different atmosphere to the series  which is suited perfectly for the latter part .  br    br   the music is very typical space opera fair . too bombastic in places  very generic  and definitely not worth buying . it does fit the series for the most part  but it can become quite annoying at times . tanaka is not really a famous composer  and the only other respectable series he  s worked on is dragon half . if you think   s anime music  you will know what to expect .  br    br   as the series progresses  the focus slowly shifts from drama to space opera to epic battle  but in such a way the viewer will hardly notice this . step by step the drama will be toned down  and the battles will take the front row . neither aspect is ever left completely out though . with the last episode in sight  noriko and crew are fighting for the further existence of human kind  and with the last battle in sight  certain questions are presented to the audience  concerning to position of the human race in the galaxy  and how far it can go to guarantee self  preservation . while they are never answered later on  they still present some interesting food for thought . the last episode is very epic  with a nice  but quite predictable ending  though not all endings should contain numerous outlandish twists of course . again  it fits the series .  br    br   gunbuster may sound like your average space opera anime at first  with alien invasions  huge battles  and some personal drama  and for the bigger part  it is . but it is done exceptionally well for a change . instead of going for a steady mix of former elements  six episodes long  gunbuster presents us a change from small scale drama to large scale epic heroism . along the way we meet with some various interesting and well fleshed  out characters  which mutual relationships changing heavily due to the time dilation phenomenon . the show is very tightly written  although it does tend to slip up at some points . overly dramatic occurrences and too cheesy mecha attacks could have been easily avoided . overall  the trip gunbuster takes you on is a very relaxed  sometimes sad  sometimes heroic one . it might not have shattered the boundaries and limits of the space opera genre  but at least it bend them a little . highly enjoyable anime classic  but not without flaws .  br    br       
here  s a real weirdo for you . it starts out with another take  off on the psycho shower scene  on campus  then gets crazier when several coeds and their doofy boyfriends head south for spring break . the trouble starts when they drive into the redneck county ruled by homicidal sheriff dean . one of the college cuties wanders into the woods  witnesses a murder by the sheriff and has her head blown open . then it  s lets  rip  off macon county line  time as dean stalks  traps and slaughters the witless witnesses one by one . tony march is on  target as the evil  shotgun  happy dean . the movie  s overall tone is truly disturbing . the ending is so abrupt you almost think the director ran out of film it  s also a study in despair . shallow grave is a must for misanthropes  misogynists and nihilists the world over .  
aim for the top  gunbuster is one of those anime series which has classic written all over it . i totally loved this series  and to this day  it remains my favorite anime . and while it was not gainax  s first animated product  it was their first ova series .  br    br   mainly starting out as a parody of the      s sports drama aim for the ace  ace o nerae    gunbuster picks up steam as a serious drama toward the ending of episode   when noriko takaya is forced to relive the death of her father  who was killed in mankind  s initial encounter with the insect race humanity is at war with . it is because of her father  s death that noriko wants to become a combat pilot . but her lack of confidence proves to get in the way at times and she falters . her friend  kazumi amano  even has doubts about noriko being chosen as a pilot . however  noriko  s coach  koichiro ota  has faith in her . and he has made it his personal mission to see that she succeeds at becoming a pilot  for he was a survivor of the battle in which noriko  s father was killed .  br    br   other characters include jung  freud  a russian combat pilot assigned to serve with the squadron noriko and kazumi belong to  smith toren  a love interest for noriko who is killed in their first sortie together  and kimiko higuchi  noriko  s childhood friend . kimiko  s involvement is also of interest  as while noriko is off in space  kimiko remains behind on earth to live a normal life . and because of the acts of time dilation  kimiko ages normally on earth while noriko is relatively the same age as when she left school . by the end of the series  noriko is roughly   years old while kimiko is in her mid  fifties .  br    br   all in all  this is an excellent anime series to watch if you are a fan of giant robot mecha and of gainax animation . if you like hideaki anno  s other shows  or are a fan of haruhiko mikimoto  s artwork  then give this show a chance . it will grow on you .  
terribly underrated with matt dillon and tom skerritt  good backdrop for solid story and some memorable lines  well acted and well cast  tommy lee jones and bruce dern make you hate them with passion  
very entertaining  and a great cast as noted . i  d like to add that bruce dern did a fine job also  as is usually the case . worth renting if you can find it  which has proved difficult for me . also note that the amazon link from this page currently goes to a different movie of the same name .  
tommy jones and matt dillon do the gambling world proud . the various moves with the wrists had to be learned as throwing craps is a skill in and of itself .  br    br   there are a few surprises . as cynical as we are today  i fully expected the  good girl  to be crying over his grave  instead of his buddy  s . especially with her remarks about  going to the funeral of her best friend   when she first meets matt . and then of course you expect matt to kill the guy who threw battery acid in mr . allen  s face  blinding him  interesting role by bruce dern  . wrrrooonnnnggg    some of the other hollywood endings do happen  but the writing is so excellent  the acting so carefully wrought that you  re blissfully unaware .  br    br   and the music is out of this world . taking us back to the   s when our  native passions  were first being unleashed by the music of ray charles and bo diddley . even a little racism raring its ugly head in chicago  but at a club called  wonderfully   biloxi  with a confederate flag backing up the racist remarks . i  ll be watching it again  just to hear the music . good thing i have the factotum sound track  so i can listen to that in the car . watch both together  and you  ll see how matt has matured . . . . playing bar room characters in both . now that he owns a bar in the paramount hotel in nyc  he probably has great opportunity to do his studies . great actor  just coming into his own . he shows finely nuanced performances . . . the good and the bad in his characters . his  young boy off the farm  is a great study  made especially poignant because of his bassett  hound eyes . he makes love  convincingly as well . since he was in several movies with diane lane as a teen  ager  i wonder how that it . . . making love to an actress you kinda grew up with . adds conviction  i  ll say that .  
considering the big name cast and lavish production i expected a lot more of this film . the acting for the most part is great  although the story they have to work with is mediocre at best . however the film still warrants watching because of the acting and the stars and some and up and coming young talent .  
what a surprisingly good movie this one turned out to be . this is the type of film that i  ve been looking for ages . particularly important for me was the fantastic  looking chicago  which i still keep thinking about . the back cover doesn  t do this film justice  it  s superb  and in my top   for sure .  
star trek hidden frontier will surprise you in many ways . first  it  s a fan made series  available only on the web  and it features mainly friends  neighbors who have the computer programs and home video cameras and sewing machines to  as mickey  judy once put it  put on a show . it  s definitely friends  neighbors to  you can tell . a lot of these people aren  t the most beautiful looking folks you  ve ever seen  or the youngest  or the thinnest some of them stumble through their lines like they  re walking on marbles some of them have thick accents  or simply don  t seem to speak well in the first place  whick makes it virtually impossible to understand a single solitary word that they  re saying . still  you have to admit  for everything these friends  neighbors have put together  it  s actually fun to watch . yes  some of the dialogue is hokey . yes  it  s a little odd  though admittedly a little cool too  watching two starfleet males kiss  although some of the kissing scenes seem to go on and on .  yes  you cringe a bit when they clearly quote from sttos  tng  other shows and the movies  or when you hear the theme from galaxy quest played at the beginning and end of every show . okay . we can get by that . why  the graphics are first rate . better than almost anything you  ve seen . and sometimes  a show or two really stands out story  wise some of them are actually real tear  jerkers .  br    br   hidden frontier is a total guilty pleasure in every sense of the word but you have to give the people involved credit where credit is due . it takes a lot of effort to put on a production of this magnitude . people  sets  costumes  graphics it  s a huge effort on a lot of people  s parts . we watch  we return  and we thank them .  
hidden frontiers  is more than fan fiction  it is well thought out and organized series keeping the worlds of star trek alive and growing . from a fun little fan project to now a well known net series hidden frontiers has a bit of something for every star trek fan in it . set in the late star trek next generation  ds  and voyager time lines hidden frontier takes on topics and issues raised in other star trek series with set stories using a well developed characters  plots  and story arcs . star trek hidden frontier has taken on social context stories that gene roddenberry failed to bring to the screen and has shown the development of characters in long term space assignments  the real things that happen in close quarters as well as an exciting spatial wars and conflicts sci  fi addicts know and love . done in a  green screen  studio hidden frontiers brings a rollicking cast of regulars on to the screen and into your hearts . the large ensemble cast of actors plays well together and lovingly gives their time and energy to the project . inventive use of green screen technology  props  makes up and costumes work to make the hidden frontier worlds of star trek fun and believable . hidden frontier has gone where few tread to go in the world of science fiction  and thrived once they got there . hidden frontier offers a wonderful bonus feature of a well thought out website  with interesting discussion forums  access to creative  production and acting staff and a fun weekly chat . i highly recommend taking the time to down load and watch .  
this is short and to the point . the story writing used for star trek hidden frontier is surprisingly good . acting is all over the map  but the main characters over the years seem to have worked at improving their skills . it is hard to believe that this series has been going on for almost  years and will be coming to end mid  may     .  br    br   i will not rehash what has already been said about the sets and graphics . considering this is all  volunteer  for no profit  it is pretty amazing .  br    br   if this was being ranked as a professional production  i would have to give it a  for a good story but terrible sets . however  as a fan  based production i have to give it an excellent rating as with the exception with a few other efforts  this is in a league of its own . for sheer volume  i don  t think this has been matched . congratulations to the cast and crew for an effort that many admire .  
with the amount of actors they have working on the project they have a wide variety of cast . nice starship cgi in places but their green screen needs some work . anyone heard of adobe after effects   they should buy it get their keying better .  br    br   stories are well thought out  plenty of trek elements in this to keep it in the right context . but but the idea of two guys kissing makes me wind forward the episode . im not homophobic but i cant help that i don  t find men kissing entertaining  dont mind women  . anyway . . . for a fan series this is good stuff . with minor improvement in their green screen  brush up acting and some guidance ratings this series is stunning . anyway i recommend this series to who ever enjoyed tng and ds  .  
four teenage girlfriends drive to fort laurdale for spring break . unfortunately they get a flat tire in medley  georgia and one of the girls witnesses a brutal murder deep in the woods . the local sheriff is behind the crime and the nightmare begins . . .  shallow grave  is a pleasant low  budget surprise . the cast is likable enough  the direction is steady and the violence is particularly nasty and misogynistic . especially the second murder is pretty grim . the murderous sheriff isn  t one  dimensional character  in a couple of scenes it seems that he feels remorse for what he  s done . the subplot involving the two boys they meet in the diner goes nowhere  but the stalking scenes in the woods are tense and exciting .  out of   .  
hidden frontier has been talked about and reported on by several news agencies for their long commitment to creating the best star trek stories and to providing an example of the togetherness that was gene roddenberry  s mission . their focus on homosexuality  depression  war  and acceptance of different races is on par or exceeds those of the other trek series and movies . the production value started off as smaller and choppy but over the  seasons of production the acting has improved  the stories are more complex  and the visual graphics have gotten smoother and more impressive . in season  episode   countermeasures  there is one of the biggest space battles in trek history . the ships are rendered well and the space battles are impressive and exciting . the real draw to frontier is not the ships or the backgrounds  but it is the people and the interplay and growth of characters . there are also nods to other trek series and movies with places and characters we all know . i recommend any trek fan to check out countermeasures and you will be hooked   
i really like star trek hidden frontier it is an excellent fan fiction film series and i cant wait to see more i have only started watching this film series last week and i just cannot get enough of it . i have already recommended it too other people to watch since it is well worth the view . i have already watched each episode many times over and am waiting to see more episodes come out . i rated it a ten but i think it deserves a   loll my compliments to the staff of the star trek hidden frontiers on an excellent job . if u like star trek i highly recommend checking out this star trek fan fiction film . the detail associated with this series of films is excellent especially the ships and planets used in it  
okay  so the first few seasons took a while to get going on the special effects way  but from the beginning  hidden frontier has given consistently good story lines and performances  and have always been willing to mistakes they  ve made . they advice people to see newer episodes first  so they can see just how good the show is  and understand how much it has changed since the first episodes . the cast have a fantastic camaraderie and it shows on  screen .  br    br   the influx of guest actors who make their mark on the show and with fans attests also to the show  as the story lines go from strength to strength . the show has pushed barriers with its various story lines  depression  drug addiction and mainstream homosexuality  and these may have rubbed a few people the wrong way  but that is what star trek is and was all about . it portrays those story lines in a smart and emotional way  dealing with them subtly and smoothly .  br    br   yes  they have used some characters from trek history  but they have done them justice  characters like shelby  lefler and necheyev  vastly underused in the show  had a rebirth in the new frontier books  but they lost their sizzle after a while  when peter david when more towards wild fantasy versus serious sci  fi  and hf shows those characters in a completely different light  which serves them better .  br    br   the site also allows fans to interact with chat rooms and forums and they can get to know the people involved . they release bloopers for every episode  so the fans can see what a laugh they have  because they are people doing it in their spare time  with a dedication that would make many professional actors wide  eyed in shock   br    br   what this series  now drawing to a close after  years  has accomplished on such a limited amount of resources is nothing short of amazing  bringing people together  inspiring others to do the same . hf will live for a long time after it ends  as long as people still enjoy the reason it started in the first place .  
i kind of consider myself as the   fan of hidden frontier  seeing as i am among a somewhat small group of fans who have actually met most of these guys  well  not counting conventions  of course . i have been watching hidden frontier since      and i must say i continue to be impressed by what these guys have come up with .  br    br   hidden frontier is the brainchild of rob caves and his self  made studio  areakt pictures  which operates out of the back room of his house . while not as  fancy  as  say  the tos  based series new voyages  which sometimes gets some of the actors  writers from the original series  like walter koenig  aka mr . chekov   rob and the cast and crew of hf manage to create a series worthy of replacing that ghastly experiment we called  enterprise  . the most controversial and successful story arc has been the introduction of star trek  s first openly gay character  corey aster  who was introduced in the second season   and his search to find a soul mate . somewhere later in the series  he meets jorian zen  the excelsior  s trill helm officer . in the recent story lines with these two characters  warning major spoiler  do not read if you have not watched the series up to this point    zen is joined to an exiled symbiont  causing a great deal of change and some conflict in his relationship with aster . though the future is uncertain  seeing as the most recent episode   beachhead   was just shown to hf fans in the chat room last night  i think that this relationship will endure  but only time will tell .  br    br   gene roddenberry created star trek with the intention that the story be more about his characters rather than flashy space battles . rob caves created hidden frontier for that same reason  and this is what has made this series as popular as it is . as the previous comment stated  i wish i could give it a rating higher than    but it will have to suffice . although next season will be the last  keeping in the tradition of seven season shows started by star trek the next generation  i am willing to bet that we will hear much about hidden frontier after that final episode .  
this is a brilliant and well made contribution by a group of fans  and considering it  s made in a back bedroom on a painted green screen it  s story lines are complex and twisting  and it  s characters show realistic depth and dimension . the cgi created by the crew is breathtaking . while it  s first season might be a little shaky  it  s final few are well thought out and well shot . some fans might have thought that the star trek franchise had come to an end with the early cancellation of enterprise  but these fans don  t take no for an answer . i recommend this to fans and newcomers alike       hidden frontier crew .  br    br   make it so . . .  
nicely done  and along with  new voyages  it  s a great continuation  fab to see james cawley in the latest episode  vigil  check it out   br    br   i like the growing characterisation  and think we have good replacements for the tv actors in a fan  produced piece . this show manages to capture the feel quite well  as they state on the ste  it has improved over the years with experience and i hope with some more experience  a strong script editor  and a pick  up in timing and cgi that hf will becoming more remarkable than it already truly is   br    br   good work to all concerned   br    br    i have a huge soft spot for lefler  mcfarland  great acting   although i  m a bit tired of  lefler  s laws  . enough already  shelby  s great  if a little uptight  and it  s cool she got the ship . commodore ian  s nice  like fred flintstone   but lacks the gritty edge of a commanding officer and does seem too pleased with himself . the doc  counselor  and rawlins are right on the money in my eyes  as is the wonderful nechayev  what a beautiful accent  a real russian   well  i  m guessing rene hails from the czech rep .   br    br   it gets my vote  and the cgi is kewl . some of the greenscreen  s obvious  but on a small budget whaddayagonndo   br    br   really glad i found it   br    br    ok  some of the acting isn  t great but it  s fan  made and is therefore allowed to be variable  sorry cmm . cole   br    br   the gay material is layed on too thick  graham norton  d be embarrassed  . trek doesn  t pay that much attention to hetero couples so why signpost gays with all the snogging  it  s not necessary to showpiece someone  s sexuality to this extent  i hope they tone it down  let aster  zen be people not tokens  i don  t treat my gay friends any differently  they  re just regular guys .  br    br   musically it  s a mixed bag . i can tell its all stock trek ost stuff and works most of the time  but timing can fall flat now  then  the end of  worst fears part   misses the crunch  and the edit . love the fact they use the  galaxy quest  music   br    br   i certainly can  t wait for more   dazza  br    br    never give up  never surender    br    br   viva les frontieres  
for the record  i am not affiliated with the production in any way .  br    br   hidden frontier is probably the star trek fan film with the most episodes produced to date . over  seasons  this is the last  they have produced some   or so episodes .  br    br   this is no mean feat on almost no budget and everyone volunteering their time and energy .  br    br   by their own admission  the earlier seasons do not have as good production qualities as later ones but as they progress the effects  green screen work and acting all improve .  br    br   i did find it difficult to  dip into  so started from the beginning and watched all the way through . hf benefits from story arcs just like all the best sci fi and dovetails nicely into the star trek universe in which it is set . characters and  relatives  from the original series have been brought into the stories and add a lot to the feel of the stories  sometimes improving on the characters over the original .  br    br   the whole experience includes an excellent web site  blooper reels  a high membership forum which is frequented by many of the actors and production staff and a weekly chat .  br    br   if you are looking for high definition  high budget productions  this is probably not for you .  br    br   if you are looking for continued adventures in the star trek universe with stories that does star trek credit and makes you think  this is the one .  
star trek hidden frontier is a long  running internet only fan film  done completely for the love of the series  and a must watch for fans of trek . the production quality is extremely high for a fan film  although sometimes you can tell that they  re green  screenin  it . this doesn  t take away from the overall experience however . the cgi ships are fantastic  as well as the space battle scenes . . . on the negative side  i could tell in the earlier episodes  and even occasionally in the newer ones  that some of the actors  actresses are not quite comfortable in their roles  but once again  this doesn  t take away from the overall experience of new interpretations of star trek . the cast and crew have truly come up with something special here  and  as a whole  i would highly recommend this series to fans of the next generation and deep space  .  
hidden frontier is a fan made show  in the world of star trek . the story takes place after voyager has returned from the delta  quadrant . it has some characters from the official star trek shows  but most of them are original to the show . the show takes place on the star base deep space   and on several space ships  which gives it opportunities the official shows don  t have . the characters have the opportunity of a rising in the hierarchy  which characters in shows with only one ship doesn  t have . the show has good computer animation of spaceships  but the acting takes place in front of at green  screen and it gives a green glow around the actors . not all the actors are equally good  but most do fine . the episodes are character driven and the characters develop over many episodes . that is a bit more like in babylon   than in most official star trek shows . hidden frontier takes taboos that even the official series has shrunk from using . all in all i enjoyed watching it .  
hidden frontier is notable for being the longest running internet  based star trek fan series . while the production quality is not on a par with fan productions like starship exeter  or new voyages  hidden frontier concentrates largely on story  and in that regard it does very well indeed .  br    br   hidden frontier has no physical sets instead actors are filmed against a greenscreen  and the backgrounds inserted digitally . one of hidden frontier  s greatest achievements is the sheer volume of work they have produced . one of the ways in which this is achieved is by inserting the virtual sets at the time of filming  instead of in post  production . while this does save a great deal of time  it  s also worth noting that the quality of the resultant footage is not as high as if it had been produced in post  production  though it still serves its purpose .  br    br   while it may not be everyone  s cup of tea  hidden frontier is well worth a shot  though you might be best to start off watching the third season  since this is where the producers really start to hit their stride .  
i really enjoyed this one  and although the ending made me angry  i still give it   out of   .  br    br   four college girls  baltron  kelly  stahl and cadby  are driving down to florida  on their way they meet  guys  turner  davis   they really add nothing to the plot  but are at least somewhat likable . the girls agree to meet the guys in florida for some fun  but they have car problems and never make it . one of the girls decides to go to a nearby gas station for help  the other three stay by the car .  br    br   soon one of the girls has to use the bathroom  being in the middle of nowhere she has no choice but to go in the bushes . soon she witnesses as a man  march  strangles a woman  in terror the girl flees the area  she doesn  t get very far  but manages to get lost .  br    br   her friends by the car go looking for her  they too go into the woods and run into the same man  one of them sees the dead woman  the man responds by shooting the girls head off  the other girl runs away  manages to make it back to the car where she is also killed .  br    br   eventually the two remaining girls find each other and because they break into the gas station get arrested . this is when i started getting mad  these poor girls are afraid for their lives and the redneck cops don  t believe them .  br    br   they are treated badly and one of them is left alone for the madman to kill her in the cell  the remaining friend manages to escape  but not without getting in dangerous situations .  br    br   this movie has nudity  good actresses  a shower scene imitating psycho  graphic violence towards women and solid story . some women will probably find it offensive and sensitive individuals will not like the ending  but over all  this is a great little unknown movie .  
low budget brit pop melodrama focuses on a girl who wants to be a star  becomes one and then finds it all a bit too much . good cast and a sense of time and place cannot hide the fact that we have all been here before . several scenes are a bit hysterical and o  connor  s voice sounds a lot like mini mouse  she disappeared from sight soon after making this movie  so life can imitated art  a must see if you want to see a punk version of a star is born though .  
i acquired this  one of my all  time favourite films on dvd recently and as usual  during viewing  the whole thing just blew me away .  br    br   i am a massive fan of hazel o  connor and the soundtrack to this film just has me in tears  especially the  will you  track . it  s a pure nostalgia trip for me back to my youth . this rates second best to quadrophenia  which also starred phil daniels  .  br    br   a great soundtrack and a great view of britain in the thatcherite years of the grim    s in which i grew up . the ending is so sad  for hours after the end of the film i am like a blubbering baby .  br    br   i expect to wear out this dvd from repeated viewing  i can watch it over and over again and never be bored  simply for the soundtrack alone .  br    br   hazel  sorry to hear about your dad darling . god bless you all . xx  
anyone interested in pop music  and not familiar with british music trends of the late  seventies  should be sure to watch breaking glass at least once . the movie  about a young woman  s quest to make her mark in the music world  captures the times perfectly  from the overt sexism  rough economic times  social upheaval  to the shift in pop culture from rough  and  tumble punk to terribly fey and pretentious futurism  new romanticism . the music and fashion styles created daily in britain in the late  seventies are still being rediscovered and recycled  there really has been nothing new since      . this was a dazzling time  and breaking glass both tells a very personal story and surveys the cultural landscape  and does both extremely well .  
i first saw  breaking glass  when it was released in england in     . . i loved it then and having just caught it in august     on a canadian station it still is great . the only thing i regret is i can  t find the sound track or the dvd in the stores   . . . anyone care to shed some light or must i order it from some over priced internet company . but getting back to the film the music stands up to the test of time  hazel  kate had something to say about    s britain . . actually it was the same decade i moved to canada for some of the same reasons one being  thatcher  and what she was doing to the country at the time . please if you get the chance watch this movie you won  t be sorry   
one of my best films ever  maybe because i was well into the punk scene in the late   s and went to many of hazels concerts  but the film was a good story line and very good acting by hazel and a up and coming phil daniels not sure about his latest project eastenders   excellent performance by lots of unknown actors who if you keep your eyes peeled will see them in many of the uk soaps today exp carver out of the bill  the more i watch it the more of them i spot  well if you have not seen it yet have a night in with the video  don  t forget to dig out the safety pin for your nose and heavy black eye makeup and shave your head mochanian style . . . . enjoy  
i first saw  breaking glass  in      and thought that it would be one of the  movie classics  . this film is a great look into the music industry with a great cast of performers . this is one film that should be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry . i can  t wait for it to be available on dvd .  
breaking glass is a film that everyone aspiring to be in the music industry should see more than once . it is a very dark tale about the way a record company manipulates a singer to do things their way and to make as much money out of her as possible . looking at some of today  s  search for a star  style tv shows on both in the uk and abroad i am always reminded of this film . though not an expert on the subject  the winners of these shows tend to have one very big initial hit and then its downhill from there . this film predates these shows though the effect seems the same . after getting rid of her manager  played quite brilliantly by phil daniels  slowly but surely the record company changes her lyrics puts her on stimulants and she is eventually totally burnt out . you potential stars of tomorrow . . . . watch this and beware     
i first saw the film when it landed on us cable a year after it came out . it blew my little head away  i was only   and it was the first new wave music i  d heard  having been a strictly folky  classical kid growing up . the music mesmerized me  as did hazel o  connor  s amazing look and charismatic vocal performances  and phil daniels  tough but soft cockney manager just stole my heart . but i think my favorite character was jonathan pryce  s drugged out sax player . he was so out of place in the band and so harmless and pathetic  he just begged for sympathy . favorite scenes  the performance when the lights went out  and the love scene on the train .  br    br   okay  so the movie isn  t the rose  but it was really excellent for its limited budget and for its portrayal of the britain of the early    s  exploding with rebellious youth  looking for a way out of the dole queue . i went to britain only a couple of years later and found the movie to have been very reflective of the atmosphere i found when i was there .  br    br   if you get a chance to  see it . it is a great movie  with some wonderful performances  and the music will blow you away .  br    br    
illudere  to delude  comes from latin verb  ludere   to play   so you  re warned about the  spy game  as a cruel and yet elaborate and intelligent    activity stemmin  from a complex and as it may appear absurd and vain personal history  whatever it may be and yet i feel fascinated by the mechanism of treason and loyalty  the raw material of any relationship  from the personal to the social after  many years ago  i was able to finish the book it was a revelation  at the beginning i was so bored if not for the surprising style of the writing  i really started to love le carre after that novel  . the main character is not wavering at all he has made a choice to redeem his weakness by following the path of faith to friendship and love  or is he not  after this novel you can clearly understand the darker version of green  s  our man in havana  wrote by lecarre with  the tailor of panama   there is no game left  there it ends either in tragedy or in a grotesque comical way  or both . there is no smiley here to upheld decent human qualities in  the service   or at least there is no point to introduce him in this case . the bbc has done a superb work with these series from lecarre  s novels the actors are excellent  as are the locations and sets of course the script here is brilliantly adapted . be warned though  even if someone may find it laughable  the after taste is bitter .  
i have just watched the whole  episodes on dvd . the acting throughout is excellent  no question . there was not quite enough action for me i must say . no real suspense as such  just plenty of first class character development . nothing like tinker tailor in terms of  whodunnit  . if you like a good story slowly and carefully told then this is for you . peter egan as the lead magnus pym is excellent .  br    br   the film portrayed the life of a traitor . a man who should have been a loyal member of the british intelligence service but who was so damaged psychologically by his unhappy childhood that deception became his way of life in all things . as a child he adored his father but his father was exposed time  time again as a crook and a con man . pym betrayed not for ideology or money but because he needed to deceive those closest to him  wife  son  mentor  . pym is fatally damaged by his father  s influence  it has eaten his moral fibre away . he has no real love or loyalty in him .  br    br   heavy psychological stuff and not many light moments in the  hour series . very well done though .  
i agree with all the accolades  i went through a box of tissues watching this film . it had a gritty authenticity and rang true in every way .  br    br   the question i  m about to raise represents a current sensibility regarding the treatment of animals . i had a very difficult time with the beginning slaughter of sheep and goats  and the dying deer with its pulsing neck and pooling blood as its life drained away was hideous .  br    br   this is the age of  no animals were hurt in the production of this move .  iphigenia was made in the late    s before the advent of computer simulation . was it possible to fake these animal deaths  or were these animals slaughtered for art   
having just seen the a perfect spy mini series in one go  one can do nothing but doff one  s hat  a pure masterpiece  which compared to the other le carr minis about smiley  has quite different qualities .  br    br   in the minis about smiley  it is alex guiness  as smiley  who steals the show  the rest of the actors just support him  one can say .  br    br   here it is ensemble and story that  s important  as the lead actor  played excellently by peter egan in the final episodes  isn  t charismatic at all .  br    br   egan just plays a guy called magnus pym  who by lying  being devious and telling people what they like to hear  is very well liked by everyone  big and small . the only one who seems to understand his inner self is alex  his czech handler .  br    br   never have the machinery behind a spy  and  or traitor  been told better  after having followed his life from a very young age we fully understand what it is that makes it possible to turn him into a traitor . his ability to lie and fake everything is what makes him into  a perfect spy   as his czech handler calls him .  br    br   and  by following his life  we fully understand how difficult it is to get back to the straight and narrow path  once you  ve veered off it . he trundles on  even if he never get anything economic out of it  except promotion by his mi  spy masters . everyone  s happy  as long as the flow of faked information continues   br    br   magnus  s father  played wonderfully by ray mcanally  is a no  good con  man  who always dreams up schemes to con people out of their money . in later years it is his son who has to bail him out  again and again . but by the example set by his dad and uncle  who takes over as guardian when his father goes to prison  and his mom is sent off to an asylum  magnus quickly learns early that lying is the way of surviving  not telling the truth . at first he overdoes it a bit  but quickly learn to tell the right lies  and to be constant  not changing the stories from time to time that he tell those who want to listen about himself and his dad .  br    br   his czech handler alex  expertly played by rdiger weigang  creates  with the help of magnus  a network of non  existing informants  which supplies the british mi  with fake information for years  and years  just as the british did with the german spies that were active in the uk before and during the war  they kept on sending fake information to das vaterland long after the agents themselves had been turned  liquidated or simply been replaced by mi  men .  br    br   the young lads who play magnus in younger years does it wonderfully  and most of them are more charismatic than the older  little more cynic  and tired  pym  played by egan . but you buy the difference easily  as that is often the way we change through life  from enthusiasm to sorrow  or indifference .  br    br   indeed well worth the money   
as a fan of author john le carre i  ve slowly been working my way through both his books and the adaptations of them . i found this     adaptation of le carre  s masterwork at my local library and sat down to watch it thinking i would know what to expect . i was surprised to discover that my expectations were exceeded in this miniseries  a fine cross between a spy thriller and a human drama .  br    br   peter egan gives a great performance as magnus pym  the perfect spy of the title . carrying on in the long tradition of le carre  s strong main characters  pym is also quite possibly the best . egan plays pym  who in fact contains many shades of author le carre  as a man forced to spend his entire life lying and betraying sometimes out of circumstance and other times just to survive with the consequence of him becoming  a perfect spy  . egan plays pym to perfection as a man always on the run  if not from others then from himself . egan alone makes the six or so hours of this miniseries worth seeing from his performance alone .  br    br   surronding egan is a fantastic supporting cast . ray mcanally gives one of his finest performances as pym  s con man father rick who  as le carre has said  is based strongly on the author  s own father . mcanally plays a man who comes in and out of pym  s life and is one of the those responsible for pym becoming  a perfect spy  . in fact if it wasn  t for mcanally  s performance a year after this in a very british coup this would the finest performance of his sadly too short career .  br    br   the rest of the supporting is excellent as well . from caroline john as pym  s mother to alan howard as his spy mentor to rdiger weigang as the young pym  s friend turned controller to jane booker as pym  s wife the supporting cast is fantastic . special mention should be made of the three young actors who played the younger pym  jonathan haley  nicholas haley and benedict taylor  who establish the young man who would become the man played so well by peter egan .  br    br   the production values of the miniseries are strong as well . as the miniseries adaptations of tinker  tailor  soldier  spy and smiley  s people proved these stories can only be told in miniseries format . the locations are excellent from the english locations to the those scattered across eastern europe and the usa as are the sets by chris edwards . the cinematography of elmer cossey adds an extra layer of realism to the world of the miniseries . yet the highlight of the miniseries is really the script .  br    br   screenwrtier arthur hopcraft tackled the job of adapting the six hundred or so page novel excellently . the novel was largely  at least in its early parts  autobiographical in that pym  s early life echoed much of john le carre  s life . the script for this miniseries is no exception as it traces the development of magnus pym from young boy to  a perfect spy  . never once does the miniseries deviate from its purpose of telling a fine human drama in the context of the world of espionage . if one ever wants proof that a spy thriller can be tense and fascinating without ever having one gun fight  fist fight  or james bond style car chase this would be the proof . while the miniseries is six plus hours long it never wastes a moment and it all the better for it .  br    br   though it might be overlong for some for those who don  t have very short attention spans here is a must see . from the performances of peter egan and ray mcanally to fine production values and a fine literary script a perfect spy is one of the finest miniseries who can expect to see . it is a fascinating trip down the history of the cold war yet it is more then that . it is also a trip down what john le carre has called  the secret path   the path of the spy the man who must lie and betray to survive . as much a human drama as a spy thriller a perfect spy isn  t to be missed .  
this is my second time through for a perfect spy . i watched it  or  years ago and liked it . i like it still . it  s natural that it gets compared to the beeb  s other big le carre  series  tinker tailor soldier spy . tinker tailor focuses on the  game  spies play perfect spy gives us the other axis  what kind of person a spy is . there are a number of themes that these movies share  along with others in the genre .  br    br   ambiguity  moral  sexual  interpersonal  which creates a multidimensional space of true vs . false  inside vs . outside  love vs . responsibility . in a way  these characters are happiest when they are being treated the most shabbily by those they love and respect   backstabbed  in its various nuances .  br    br   the theme of fathers and father  figures is also important . one of the most intriguing characters in a perfect spy is rick  the main character magnus  perhaps ersatz father . throughout the story he betrays and is betrayed . a rogue who always manages to climb back up the ladder when he  s been toppled  who seems impervious to what others think of him  asks magnus each time they meet   do you love your old man   and never   do you love me   maybe it says this somewhere else  but a perfect spy is a love story .  br    br   another theme is that of malignancy . the nature of the business is to turn others  turn them against their government  against their friends and associates  turn them against their values and beliefs . in each of the le carre  movies i have seen  the spy who came in from the cold  looking glass war  tinker tailor soldier spy  smiley  s people  and a perfect spy  turning and being turned is the foundation of the tragedy .  br    br   finally  not so much a theme as an artistic touch  in each of these films there is usually only a single gun shot  or perhaps two shots bookending the story . violence  torture  cruelty are always just beneath the surface . we see their results not as streams of blood or dank prison cells but in the the objects le carre   s characters cling to as they are ineluctably sucked down into the morass .  br    br   if you haven  t seen the films above  and you enjoy a perfect spy  you are in for a treat . i  d also recommend the sandbagger series  yorkshire tv   the  nd and  rd seasons of which begin to reach the level of this kind of complexity . the ipcress file and burial in berlin are nice  though light weight . for political intrigue try a very british coup  house of cards and yes  minister  yes  prime minister .  br    br   if only a brit would set his hand to making the three kingdoms  there would be a film with intrigue and complexity .  
this is an extremely long movie  which means you may become very bored before it becomes interesting  but its length provides opportunity for its characters to find permanent attachment in your sympathies .  br    br   if you are moved by the guilt of the loathsome you will find it particularly heart  wrenching  because it is a story that finds its heroes among the evil and the weak . if you can love a monster you  ll cry for magnus pym  the spy who betrays everyone  notably his country  his friends and family  a man who has also been manipulated and moulded since childhood by those same people .  br    br   there isn  t one truly likeable character in the entire story  not one loyal   moral  personality to sympathise with . but watching the whole thing without the help of a tissue would be quite remarkable .  br    br   i really enjoyed it in the end . well worth it for people who like inciteful movies about baser human character .  
it  s been a long time since i saw this mini  series and i am happy to say its remembered merits have withstood the test of time .  br    br   most of the components of  a perfect spy   the adaptation of lecarr  s finest novel  in my opinion  are top  drawer . outstanding aspects of it are the musical score and the masterful screenplay  the latter written by arthur hopcraft who was also  i believe  the screenwriter for  tinker tailor soldier spy  with alec guinness a few years before .  br    br   the actors are mostly very good  some superb  like alan howard  s jack brotherhood and ray mcanally  s ricky pym . peter egan is fascinating to watch because his face changes with every camera angle . the passage of time and the effects upon the physical appearances of the characters is very believably done . so much so that i wondered exactly how old peter egan was at the time of filming . the only jolt comes after the character of magnus pym is transferred from the very able hands of a young actor named benedict taylor to those of a noticeably too  old peter egan  just fresh out of oxford . but this is a minor and unimportant seam in the whole .  br    br   egan has trouble being convincing only when the text becomes melodramatic and he needs to be  upset  emotionally  ie cry . none of the actors have a very easy time with these moments  aside from the wonderful frances tomelty who plays peggy wentworth for all she  s worth and steals the episode with ease .  br    br   jane booker is annoying as mary pym . she has part of the character under her skin but often displays an amateurish petulance that diminishes her as a tough cookie diplomatic housewife  which mary pym is . rdiger weigang is splendid as axel  amusing  ironic and brilliant . i also enjoyed sarah badel  s camp turn as the baroness .  br    br   the british view of americans is vividly rendered in some dryly hilarious scenes . when the yanks have come abroad to confab with bo brammell  head of mi   the american contingent are portrayed as empty  headed buffoons who appear to have memorized a lot of long words out of the dictionary and spiced them liberally with american jargon and psycho babble  much to the bemused scorn of the english .  br    br   the humor and sadness are subtly blended . lecarr has a knack for mixing disparate elements in his stories and hopcraft has brilliantly captured the melancholy  yet wistful  atmosphere of the original .  br    br   not a perfect production  what is   and yet the best of the lecarr adaptations to reach film or television to date .  br    br   highly recommended to all spy  thriller lovers and especially lecarr fans . dvd available from acorn .  
this is without doubt my favourite le carre novel and it is transformed to the silver screen with all the love and care one could wish for . i read a review on this site that seems to find the characters loathsome but i believe this misses the point . all le carre stories are essentially love stories and this is no exception . it is an accurate reflection of the period in which it is set . betrayal is the key by everybody for the good of nobody . pym upbringing is so close to my own that i find it chilling watching . peter egan is in his finest role and the late lamented ray mcanally is unbelievably good . even the smallest roles played by such as andy de la tour  tim healy and jack ellis are spot on . this cast is a theatre impresario  s dream . the story should not be spoiled by ill informed description but suffice it to say it relates to a young mans slow but inexorable destruction and descent into espionage and treason . all my sympathies lie with magnus pym and his sole  non sexual  love for poppy  rdiger weigang  as wonderful as always . his only true friendship but also by definition another in the long line of betrayals . outstanding  rent it  buy it . love it .  
without doubt the best of the novels of john le carre  exquisitely transformed into a classic film . performances by peter egan  magnus pym  the perfect spy   rudiger weigang  axel  real name alexander hampel  magnus  czech intelligence controller   ray mcanally  magnus  con  man father  and alan howard  jack brotherhood  magnus  mentor  believer and british controller   together with the rest of the characters  are so perfect and natural  the person responsible for casting them should have been given an award . even the small parts  such as major membury  are performed to perfection . it says a lot for the power of the performances  and the strength of the characters in the novel that  despite the duplicity of magnus  one cannot help but feel closer to magnus and axel than to jack brotherhood and the slimy grant lederer of u . s . intelligence . i have read the book at least a dozen times  and watched the movie almost as many times  and continue to be mesmerized by both . if i had one book to take on a desert island  a perfect spy would be the choice above all others .  
erotic cinema of the      s was tame compared to the triple x romps of today  which is good . because there is a good story around the naked rituals and sex scenes . of course  i wish that they had some vampire effects which they had at the time period and the sex did get in the way of the story a little . plus some of the accents were hard to understand at time periods  but it  s worth watching the unedited version then the edited up version which is titled the devil  s plaything . but if you don  t care for allot of naked women dancing and having sex  then this isn  t the movie for you . however  i did enjoy it and i give it . . .  stars .  
spoilers  classic    s sex trash  the swedish gal  helga  was what made this movie so great . she was beautiful  but what really got to me was how sexual she was . she exuded massive quantities of sexuality throughout the film . her best scenes were when she was  er  stimulating herself . whenever she was on screen  i became transfixed .  br    br   also  the doctor julia  sister of the dimwitted male focus of the film  was very interesting visually . although most   year old girls have bigger breasts than julia  she knew how to use what little she had and her scenes  especially the scenes with the silk blouse and black skirt  also grabbed my attention unmercilessly . you also got to love the major hoaky scene where the bats stripped her nekkid i don  t know if i  ve ever seen anything more ludicrous yet sexy at the same time . classic stuff   
well  if you are looking for a great mind control movie  this is it . no movie has had so many gorgeous women under mind control  and naked . marie forsa  as the busty helga  is under just about everytime she falls asleep and a few times when she isn  t . one wishes they made more movies like this one .  
michael cacoyannis has had a relatively long career but has surprisingly few credits to his name  including some real duds such as the unfunny cold war satire the day the fish came out . iphigenia  however  is a highlight . adapted by cacoyannis from the play by euripides  it  s a superior rendering of the classic tragedy and recently made its first television appearance in many years in the united states courtesy the flix channel . the film is shot on an epic scale but is decidedly not a  big  film  with the emphasis placed on the simple story in supplication to the gods  king agamemnon  kostas kazakos  is compelled to sacrifice his daughter iphigenia  tatiana papamoschou   much to the consternation of queen clytemnastrae  irene papas  . kazakos and papas are both outstanding  but it is the stunning papamoschou who brings the most interesting elements to the screen  blending the innocence of childhood with the dawning realization that she is the pawn in a political game . strongly recommended for fans of international cinema .  
well the story is a little hard to follow the first time  but that  s only because of all the bare breasted    s painted  up vampire  witches dancing to the bongo drums . this of course interrupted by a few vampiric orgies . and there are some very interesting candles and uses for them . and for girl on girl action  vampiric or not . . . this movie just rocks     
this masterpiece of lesbian horror comes from exploitation master joseph w . sarno . it features plenty of soft core sex  really hot lesbian sequences plus a lot of naked women . the acting is pretty good and the film is quite atmospheric and well  made . marie forsa is one of the hottest chicks i have ever seen in a horror movie  it  s a visual pleasure to see her wonderful body . sarno really knows how to pick up hot looking ladies . a must see for fans of sexploitation   
the devil  s plaything is my second attempt at a joseph sarno production  and although i will say it is far more enjoyable than the painfully dull and unerotic swedish wildcats  it is still a little slow and un  explicit for my taste .  br    br   this one centers around a group of vampire girls who live in a castle  that want to resurrect their previously murdered  leader  . in order to do so  the girls have to dance around naked and kiss each other and chant weird stuff  and of course drink some blood  too . when a doctor and her brother  s car breaks down and they have to stop at the castle for lodging  they provide the ideal bloodbank for the horny vampires . . . but they may not be as helpless as they seem . . .  br    br   the devil  s plaything is a pretty good example of early    s exploit sleaze . lots of nudity  including some full  frontal  some sleazy undertones  including incest and of course  lesbo  bloodsucking . . . but these scenes are still pretty tame by today  s standards . some pretty hot women in this one  would have benefited from some more explicit sex  but i guess ya can  t have it all . also would have benefited from some heavier violence  gore  being that it is a vampire film  but i think the purpose of the devil  s plaything was more to showcase skin  not blood . still a little slow  and the acting for the most part is absolutely wooden  but that  s to be expected from something from this era and of this budget . worth a look to exploit fans  others may find it a little too dull for their liking .      
this is an excellent show  i had a us history teacher in high school that was much like this . there are many  facts  in history that are not quite true and mr wuhl points them out very well  in a way that is unforgettable .  br    br   mr wuhl is teaching a class of film students but history students and even the general public will appreciate the witty way that he uncovers some very well known fallacies in the history of the world and strive to impress them upon that brains of his students . use of live actors performing  skits  is also very entertaining .  br    br   i highly recommend this series to anyone interested in having the history they learned as a child turned upside down .  
this was one of the funniest and informative shows that i have ever seen . this is a must see for anyone over the age of   . this show had me and my  boys laughing out loud from the beginning . i don  t know if everything on the show was true but the way it was presented left little doubt that mr wuhl was not only very knowledgeable but he also had a blast presenting this information to the very lucky college kids who were in attendance . if mr wuhl ever decides to do this format again they will have to rent a building the size of the georgia dome to hold all the people who will want to see it . i agree with the idea of making this a hbo series . it would have an amazing following  
i never really knew who robert wuhl was before seeing this . but after seeing it i realized what a funny man he is . this hbo special features him teaching  american history  to new york university film students and the man was just phenomenal . he poked fun at almost every key historic event that occurred not just in the u . s . but some other parts of the world . this documentary  comedy was a great satire that made me question if what i accept as the infallible true history is really true .  br    br   i enjoyed how mr . wuhl managed to mix useful information with great comedy and made learning a lot more exciting . i would recommend this to anyone interested in history and is willing to question what his  her beliefs .  
i recently watched this  but when it started i had no idea what the concept was about  what the topic was . . . . . in short  i had no idea what it was . was it a documentary  was it a comedy routine . . . . . well  it was both .  br    br   it started a little slow  but i think that  s because i had absolutely no idea what type of program i was viewing . but it quickly sucked me in . the episode i watched had robert wuhl discussing fact and fiction in history . mainly how we  american  s  learn history that isn  t really true  and how we got to learn what we did . he did this in such a way as to keep the viewer completely entertained  and interested . i actually learned a few things and that is a true indicator of how effective this type of program can be .  br    br   i would love to see this picked up as a series for hbo . i believe it can be just as fun and effective with a variety of topics  especially if they are  taught  in the same type of manner as this episode .  
robert wuhl is teaching a class of film students at new york university in manhattan  new york .  br    br   he covers fallacies of history and truths that are no longer generally known . i would like to see much more of this show . it is very entertaining . mr . wuhl uses examples and  show and tell  to get his points across . he explained that the person who actually rode the midnight ride of paul revere was not paul revere  henry wadsworth longfellow used revere  s name because it sounded better .  br    br   i  ve watched robert wuhl for many years  from the time he was doing stand  up comedy and all the way through  arli  on hbo . he  s a good actor and a good stand  up comedian  but he  s an excellent teacher  i highly recommend that you watch an episode of this show . it is well worth your time .  
jane porter  s former love interest harry holt  neil hamilton  and his friend martin  paul cavanagh  come to tarzan  s hidden away jungle escarpment searching for the ivory gold mine that is the  elephant  s graveyard  first seen in tarzan  the ape man . . . only we soon discover both men have hidden intentions . . . namely jane . will tarzan stand for that  not likely  in fact tarzan won  t even stand for any disturbance done to the  elephant  s graveyard   and knowing this martin attempts to take tarzan out of the picture only he later finds himself in a world of trouble later he and his party  including jane who leaves with them after she believes tarzan is dead  is captured by a native tribe intent on feeding them to the lions . . will tarzan be will and able enough to get to them in time   br    br   this film is adventure filled with loads of scenes involving tarzan and other facing down wild animals and a climax that grips the viewer  s interest and doesn  t let up . the cruelty displayed towards animals and the portrayal of native people may disturb some today but all should remember this is basically fantasy adventure entertainment and shouldn  t be taken so seriously .  
ever wanted to know just how much hollywood could get away with before the hayes code was officially put into effect  well  unfortunately  convention city  is lost  so well just have to watch  tarzan and his mate  to find out . for      there is a remarkable amount of sexual innuendo and even exposed flesh . just look at jane  s nude swim . while tarzan is often thought of as b  adventure films made for young boys and no one else  this picture proves that the series was originally very adult . over seventy years later  it is still as sexy as it was when it came out .  br    br   in addition to the envelope pushing taboo nature  it is a superb and exciting adventure story . i  ve always enjoyed the jungle films that hollywood churned out in the   s and the   s  but there are few from the genre i  d call great films .  tarzan and his mate  is by far the best film from this long gone subgenre . the sequences of the attacks on the safari by either apes or natives still manage to create tension today . also  the animals are all too cool  espescially the apes throwing boulders  . the acting won  t win any major awards soon  but is certainly more than adequate for this type of picture . the film is once again stolen by cheetah  the smartest monkey in the jungle . one of the most entertaining examples of pre  code hollywood out there .  
my interest was raised as i was flipping through and saw the name iphigenia . my name is eugenia so i thought ok  lets see what this is . i am so glad i stayed on the channel . what a wonderful  wonderful story . drama  sadness  some over the top acting but a wonderful time to be had . i watch this and it makes me sad for all the drivel the movie industry puts out and these beautiful little gems get passed over . give iphigenia a try and i hope you will enjoy it as much as i did . i have even gotten my children          and    to enjoy it . it starts slow  however  the drama builds and you will be drawn in to the story . watching this lovely film made me want to shroud myself in more greek tragedy and pathos .  
make no mistake  maureen o  sullivan is easily the most gorgeous jane ever  and there will never be one more gorgeous . she is visually stunning . that aside  it takes more than a beautiful woman to make a good film . this is a great film . it not only has the classic tarzan aura  but also the feel of the continuing saga . we become involved with the two white hunters who search for ivory  one of them in love with jane  the other  a roguish catalyst whose character may be one of the best defined and best examined in movie history . and these characterizations are what make this great action flick stand out as a classic . there is the uncomfortable racism which is depicted . however  the africans are depicted as individuals  and at the end  two even become more heroic than the white hunters  and stand out as such . in fact  the one not named evokes probably more sympathy from the audience than any other characters . the finale  also  is one of the reasons to enjoy this movie . the great lion attack has never been duplicated  and the horror is well implied with character reactions more so than a modern gore movie would do with graphic depiction . if i left anything out  it is because i do not want to soil the picture for those who haven  t seen it . but it is everything you could want in a movie .  
tarzan and his mate       was the only tarzan movie i didn  t see when i was a kid . it sounded boring . now i have seen it . i have seen the ape man       about a hundred times and i keep a copy on my drive . it  s a remarkable movie . it  s almost flawless . tarzan and his mate       however  falters . it  s not harmonic and it  s parts tend to live a life of there own . the parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great . big budget expensive . tarzan himself is co  starring . jane dominates . she have developed and have become a jungle girl so sexy i tend to forget about criticism and sing her praise instead . well . she let her be duped by a crock who steels a kiss from her and later murder an elephant . she insists tarzan to carry a bracelet who belonged to her father . forever . the thing would split to pieces the moment he went about his businesses in the jungle . stupid  later someone founds it in the river . well it  s supposed to proof tarzan is dead . some cheap drama . the crocks who has an obvious interest in a dead tarzan convince jane that he is gone . she takes their words for granted and want to be taken away  to england  . stupid jane seems to have forgot how tough tarzan is  how hard he is to kill . the caravan is leaving and jane go along . again a pothole . she could easily make the caravan rest for a few hours or more  to pick up a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband . she could be smart . she could dive where they found the floating bracelet  check the banks for traces . she can make fire in   seconds and swing in liana  s . picking up traces shouldn  t be too hard for jungle jane . she could talk to the apes  and so on . if she get home to england without have done this she would become miserable . jane is smart but cheap drama brings her down . and why on earth is she letting the kiss rapist get away with  i blame myself as much as you  . a punishment for being vane perhaps  nonsense . struggle  a hard slap and telling tarzan would be appropriate . still . this movie is far from bad even if the potholes are many and sometimes deep . just lean back and enjoy . it  s tarzan and jane for god sake .  
     tarzan and his mate        released           viewed       .  br    br   john dillinger escapes from prison and robs a bank in iowa . bonnie  clyde kill two highway patrolman in texas . births ralph nader  gloria steinem  alan arkin  richard chamberlain .  br    br   doug after we were rather disappointed with the original  tarzan the ape man   we discovered among fellow users and historians that the second film   tarzan and his mate   was the best in the series . it  s true . i got a huge kick out of this movie . johnny weismuller returns as the titular vine  swinging  animal dueling wild super  hero  and maureen o  sullivan reprises her role as his entirely fantastic lady love jane  who sports a two  piece outfit for the first and last time here  . in my review for  ape man   i stomped on jane pretty good for her obsession with clothes and her incessant screaming  but she  s redeemed herself for me here . make no mistake o  sullivan is the star of this movie  and jane is the most capable character in the entire cast . she acts as the ambassador between holt and tarzan  she can function perfectly in the jungle and get along with the animals  and she knows how to hold off an angry pride of lions when she  s out of bullets . she  s even got her own jungle scream now . the chemistry between johnny and maureen is irresistible . she  s totally got him trained . cheeta is quite charming as well  taking drags off of martin  s cigarette . the plot is mostly an excuse for tarzan to do battle with the jungle  s most vicious animals  especially lions  crocodiles  and rhinos . the effects  though always visible  are much more dynamic and cool and complement the action nicely . oh  and you can  t talk about this movie without talking about the nude swimming scene . all i can say is yes  she is naked . very exciting stuff .  br    br   kevin wow . just wow . when it comes to down  and  dirty pre  code action  adventure  nothing holds a candle to  tarzan and his mate .  the inevitable sequel to tarzan the ape man is a kick  ass  violent and risqu jungle epic . i doubt there will be another tarzan movie in the future that takes no prisoners the way this one does . you  d be hard pressed to find a full scene in this movie that would be code  approved  or animal rights  approved for that matter . the gruesome violence doesn  t even wait for the happy jungle couple to show up before it pushes even the limits of today  s adventure movies . and after tj enter the picture  there  s plenty of early morning cuddling and ass  naked afternoon swims . see it for yourself if you don  t believe me . i love maureen o  sullivan most of all in this film . in the first film  jane seemed like a walking contradiction  like the writers back then just didn  t know how to portray a character like that . but here she is a great precursor to kick  butt females of later cinema . although she still requires tarzan  s assistance in getting her out of most jams  she does a lot more than just waiting around to be rescued . her personality is perfectly believable for a woman who has been living  relatively  comfortably in the jungle for a year . i watched this with my mom  and i enjoyed pointing out to her just how much jane has tarzan  trained   as jeff foxworthy put it . she totally has the ape man at her every beck and call . although there is a host of dated optical effects throughout the film  there is still plenty of hair  raising tarzan vs . predator battles that are performed  mostly  for real . that and the men  dressed  as  apes are a lot more convincing this time around . spoiler the film climaxes as the jungle erupts with a shocking orgy of animal kingdom violence that leaves tarzan and jane the only two humans still breathing . although the couple rides off into the sunset reunited and victorious  i can  t help but imagine how this story will seem to the next safari who will hear about the previous bunch of humans who went to find tarzan and jane and were never heard from again . end spoiler one of things that still bothers me is johnny weissmuller  s smooth  hairless bod and over  styled coif . other than that  this is pre  code action  adventure that is absolutely not to be missed .  br    br   last film it happened one night       . next film twentieth century       .  
a year after losing gorgeous jane parker  maureen o  sullivan  to love rival tarzan  hunter harry holt  neil hamilton  returns to the jungle to have another bash at winning the brunette babe  s heart . mixing business with pleasure  he also plans to grab himself some ivory from the elephant graveyard that lies beyond the mutia escarpment  tarzan  s stomping ground .  br    br   accompanied by his slimy  womanising pal martin arlington and a group of expendable bearers  harry finally arrives at his destination  having narrowly avoided death at the hands of savage natives and rock  hurling apes  only to find that jane is still infatuated with her musclebound yodeller  and worse still  that tarzan is refusing to let the hunters take any ivory from the graveyard .  br    br   nasty arlington decides to resolve matters by ambushing and shooting the ape  man and then telling jane and holt that tarzan was attacked and eaten by a crocodile . of course  tarzan isn  t deadonly wounded after being nursed back to health by cheetah     he swings back into action just in time to rescue jane from a tribe of vicious lion  eating savages who have attacked holt  s expedition .  br    br   tarzan and his mate  the second movie to star weismuller as the jungle man of few words  is often cited by fans as the best of the series although i slightly prefer the original  i can definitely understand the film  s popularity it  s damn sexy and there are some great action sequences  the undeniable chemistry between weismuller and o  sullivan is fabulous and leads to some pretty steamy scenes  and with both stars wearing eensy  weensy outfits throughout  there  s eye  candy aplenty for viewers of both sexes to enjoy  despite o  sullivan  s much  touted underwater nude scene actually being performed by a body double  the lovely lass still shows plenty of skin  even threatening to do a  sharon stone  at one point as her loin cloth flaps to one side   .  br    br   the film  s most exciting moments come in the form of a wonderful underwater fight between tarzan and a crocodile  and the spectacular final where jane is attacked by lions and natives  but is rescued by her beau  his monkey pals  and a load of elephants in full  on lion  crushing mode  once again  the violence is surprisingly nasty at times  although as far as i am concerned  there is nothing quite as shocking as the vicious pygmies and their gorilla pit from the first film  . cheetah also has his fair share of excitement  dodging rhinos  crocs  and big cats  riding on tarzan  s back as he crosses a river  and even hopping onto an ostrich for a ride .  br    br   like it  s predecessor  tarzan and his mate does suffer slightly from some bad effects and unconvincing propsdodgy back projection  a few laughable monkey suits  more indian elephants masquerading as their african cousins  and poorly disguised trapeze swingsbut these shouldn  t spoil your enjoyment of this very entertaining film . if anything  they make it even more fun   br    br    .  out of    rounded up to  for imdb .  
one of the best tarzan films is also one of its most action packed  and graphic  .  br    br   picking up a year or so after tarzan the ape man  niel hamilton  s holt has asked a rich friend to finance a safari back to the elephants graveyard to collect ivory . his friend arrives also carrying dresses and perfumes that holt hopes to use to win jane back from tarzan . before they can leave holt finds his map stolen and it becomes a mad dash to try and capture a competing expedition . when they finally over take the thieves they find the whole party dead and themselves surrounded . they have no choice but to fight their way out and soon find they are out of the frying pan and into the fire . eventually tarzan and jane show up and everyone is off on even more adventures .  br    br   infamous film was heavily censored to reduce the graphic violence  its graphic even by todays standards . it probably would get a pg    and to remove all hint of nudity   there is a several minute long nude swim scene involving jane that is full frontal in its nudity  it was only recently restored  . its clear watching the restored version why this film was reduced by   minutes in its run time for tv . as it stands in its restored version this is a very adult film that is romantic  touching  action filled and everything else that a movie should be . its an amazing film by almost any standard . best of all its the sort of film that plays well both as a stand alone adventure  one need not to have seen the first film to enjoy it  but its also a film that deepens the characters and themes that were set up in that original film . its an amazing thing .  br    br   i really like this film a great deal .  br    br   if there are any flaws to the film  its perhaps that the film hasn  t aged well . the rear screen is often very obvious  there are gorilla suits for many of the apes and some of the other effects are more quaint rather than convincing . however on almost every other level this film is top notch .  br    br   you really owe it to yourself to see this . make yourself a big bowl of popcorn and curl up on the couch and just let yourself drift back to a simpler time . this is one of the great adventures .  
i have the entire weissmuller tarzan series on dvd  fully restored editions   i never tire of watching them . my personal favorite is  tarzan and his mate   due entirely  well almost entirely  to maureen o  sullivan  s costume and the occasional flashes of her genital area beneath that leather flap hanging in front . before anyone claims that a  it wasn  t really her  or b  it wasn  t really what it looks like  let me say that i have watched it numerous time  in high zoom mode  and trust me . . . it is her  and she is completely naked underneath that costume . . . several times  especially during the lion attack at the end  careful viewing in slow motion and maximum zoom will reveal that she was shaved except for a tiny patch of dark hair covering her labia . . . there is no mistake about that at all . as to the swimming scene being a body double in a  skin  suit  yes  it is a double  but she is not wearing any  skin  suit or anything else . . . again  slow motion and maximum zoom shows everything to those who want to see it . now  that controversy out of the way  let  s move on the actual movie . . . i thought the script was really well thought out and written tightly . . . the action sequences were simply great  although it is obviously a stuntman riding the rhino  weissmuller actually wrestles the big male lion . . . the use of background shots that were second unit stuff from africa is very well blended with the studio  us locations making it sometimes hard to tell which is which . don  t complain too much though  remember that    of all films is phony anyway  so just relax and enjoy the damned thing with a big bowl of popcorn  some cold beer  and a fresh pack of smokes . . . a sexy and willing girlfriend  wife isn  t out of line either . . . lol . oh . . . one final word about nudity . . . at the very beginning  while the white hunters are speaking dialogue  keep your eyes on the background extras . . . there are several good shots of nude african girls  obviously shot on location  behind them . one more thing  the movie is not racist by the standards of the      s until the      s . . . that  s the way colored people were thought of and portrayed back then . shaft hadn  t even been thought about at that time  nor would audiences have accepted any other portrayals of them at the time in history . safaris actually did use natives carrying luggage on their heads . . . and tiny  s character did die a heroic death trying to save the white hunters and jane . as a matter of fact  it wasn  t until gene autry treated the native americans and colored people in his westerns like real human beings that hollywood began to see that it was okay to do so .  
hard to believe  perhaps  but this film was denounced as immoral from more pulpits than any other film produced prior to the imposition of the bluenose hayes code . yes indeed  priests actually told their flocks that anyone who went to see this film was thereby committing a mortal sin .  br    br   i  m not making this up . they had several reasons  as follows  br    br   item jane likes sex . she and tarzan are shown waking up one morning in their treetop shelter . she stretches sensuously  and with a coquettish look she says  tarzan  you  ve been a bad boy   so they  ve not only been having sex  they  ve been having kinky sex  a few years later  under the hays code  people  especially women  weren  t supposed to be depicted as enjoying sex .  br    br   item jane prefers a guileless  if wise and resourceful  savage  tarzan  to a civilized  respectable nine  to  five man  holt  . when holt at first wows her with a pretty dress from london  she wavers a bit when holt tries to kill tarzan  and holt and jane both believe he  s dead  she wavers a lot . but when she realizes her man is very much alive  the attractions of civilization vanish for her . and why not  tarzan  s and jane  s relationship is egalitarian he lacks the  civilized  insecurity that would compel him to assert himself as  the head of his wife  . to boot  he lacks many more  civilized  hangups  for example jealousy . when holt and his buddy arrive  tarzan greets them both cordially  knowing perfectly well that holt is jane  s old flame . when holt gets her dolled up in a london dress and is slow  dancing with her to a portable phonograph  tarzan drops out of a tree  and draws his knife . jealous  nope . he  s merely cautious toward the weird music machine  since he  s never seen one before . once it  s explained  he  s cool .  br    br   item civilized holt is dirty minded . savage tarzan is innocently sexy . as jane slips into holt  s lamplit tent  holt gets off on watching her silhouette as she changes into the fancy dress . by contrast  after tarzan playfully pulls the dress off  kicks her into the swimming hole and dives in after her  there follows the most tastefully erotic nude scene in all cinema the pair spends five minutes in a lovely water ballet .  the scene was filmed in three versions   clothed  topless and nude   the scene was cut prior to the film  s release  but the nude version is restored in the video now available .  and when jane emerges  and cheetah the chimp steals her dress just for a tease  jane makes it clear that her irritation is only because of the proximity of  civilized  men and their hangups . where is the  universal prurience  so dear to the hearts of seminarians  nowhere  that  s where . another reason why the hung up regarded this film as sinful .  br    br   item the notion that man is the crown of creation  and animals are here only for man  s use and comfort  takes a severe beating . holt and his buddy want to be guided to the  elephant graveyard  so they can scoop up the ivory and take it home . they want tarzan to guide them to said graveyard . you  reader  are thinking  fat chance   and you  re right . he  s shocked . he exclaims  elephants sleep   which to him explains everything . jane explains tarzan  s feelings  which the two  gentlemen  find ridiculous .  br    br   item jane  the ex  civilized woman  is far more resourceful than the two civilized men she accompanies . holt and buddy blow it  and find themselves besieged by hostile tribes and wild animals . it is jane who maintains her cool . while the boys panic  she takes charge  barks orders at them and passes out the rifles .  br    br   item jane  s costume is a sort of poncho with nothing underneath .  the original idea was for her to be topless  with foliage artistically blocking off her nipples  which indeed is the case in one brief scene .   br    br   lastly  several men of the cloth complained because the film was called  tarzan and his mate  rather than  tarzan and his wife .  no comment   br    br   of course  tarzan  who has been nursed back to health by his ape friends  comes to the rescue  routs the white hunters  and induces the pack elephants and african bearers to return the ivory they stole to the sacred place whence it came . the end .  br    br   so there you have it . an utterly subversive film . like all the other films about complex and interesting women  see  e . g .  possessed with rita hayworth and raymond massey  which constituted such a flowing genre in the early    s and which were brought to such an abrupt end by the adoption of the hays code .  br    br   the joie de vivre of this film is best expressed by jane  s soprano version of the famous tarzan yell . a nice touch  which was unfortunately abandoned in future productions .  br    br   let  s hear it for artistic freedom  feminist jane  and sex .  
tarzan and jane are living happily in the jungle . some men come looking for ivory and to take jane back to civilization . but jane loves tarzan and refuses to leave . one of the men falls in love with jane and is determined to take her back . . . even if that means killing tarzan .  br    br   this is a rarity   a sequel that  s better than the original .  tarzan  the ape man  of     was good but had some dreadful special effects and sort of dragged . this one has much better effects and is a lot more adult . there is tons of blatant racism  a black man is shot to death point blank   and no one really cares  but this was     . there  s also plenty of blood  gore and violence  for a     movie  and uncut prints have jane doing a lengthy underwater swim totally nude  there  s also obvious sexual content and tarzan and jane are wearing next to nothing and  it  s implied  they sleep together and have sex   without being married . this wouldn  t bother anyone today but in     this was pretty extreme .  br    br   that aside  the movie is well  directed  very fast  moving and full of adventure and excitement . seeing weissmuller in that skimpy lion cloth is certainly a treat for the eyes and jane  s outfit is pretty revealing too . i still think maureen o  sullivan is bad as jane but weismuller is perfect as tarzan . everybody else is ok .  br    br   this is easily the best weismuller   o  hara tarzan out there . well worth seeing but not for kids   
the first of the tarzan movies staring johnny weissmuller . the plot has already been summarized so i wont go into it again . just know that the actors who play jane and tarzan were born for the role . if you have not seen this film and you only have the modern day tarzan films as a reference . . you are missing a real treat . doesn  t matter how far we  ve come in movie making  makeup set designs . . . no one will ever play tarzan as well as johnny weissmuller did . he was and is tarzan .  
in the opinion of several of my friends and family members  including myself  this is the finest of the entire gamut of tarzan movies . johnny weissmuller never played the part as well in the following issues in the series . it definitely rates a     in my collection of films .  
i only saw iphigenia once  almost   years ago  but it has haunted me since .  br    br   one sequence particularly stays in mind  and could only have been fashioned by a great director  as michael cacoyanis undoubtedly is .  br    br   the context the weight of history and a mighty army and fleet all lie on king agamemnon  s shoulders . an act of sacrilege has becalmed the seas  endangering his great expedition to troy . he is told he must sacrifice his daughter iphigenia to apollo in order to gain the winds for the sails of the thousand ships . he initially resists  but comes around  and tricks his wife clytemenstra to bring their daughter to the greek camp in order to marry the greatest of all warriors  achilles .  br    br   clytemnestra and iphigenia arrive  find out about the sacrifice  and rage to the gods for protection and vengeance . meanwhile  the proud achilles discovers that his name has been used in this fraudulent  dishonorable way . he climbs a hill to tell iphigenia that he will protect her .  br    br   the shot the camera circles the two young people  without looking directly at each other . they bemoan their fate  and the weakness of men that deceive their loved ones and lust for war . suddenly  they gaze at each other and  for one moment  we feel both their power and beauty  and the unstated   except by the camera   irony that in another time  another place  they perhaps could love each other and be married . it is a sharp and sad epiphany that lasts only for an instant .  br    br   what direction  what camera  what storytelling   
a very interesting entertainment  with the charm of the old movies . tarzan faces the greatest perils without hesitation if the moment requires it  and we all enjoy with him his success . the most insteresting for me is a man without special powers facing the problems and beating them just with human skills  he was a great swimmer and had a great shout   
this splendidly  directed fantasy is the second in the popular by flawed tarzan series put out by mgm . it is a first  class adventure for many reasons  i suggest   fine photography  strong imaginative qualities  a delightful cast  good simulated  jungle locales and a very exciting storyline . johnny weissmuller plays tarzan  a mono  syllabic untutored sort unlike edgar rice burroughs  creation but he is honest  loyal  brave and very courageous  and he needs to be during this narrative . as jane parker  his wife who had been jane porter in the novels  maureen o  sullivan is very attractive and lively  as well as being athletic where the script calls for that quality . the effect of the lighting  the spacious and clever sets is quite unusual . this is an outdoor adventure filmed on the mgm back  lot which really works . the fabulous mutir escarpment is a remote locale which allows tarzan and jane to live undisturbed but into their idyll come people searching from them  emissaries of a civilization jane has left behind and into which tarzan could not really be comfortably habituated . one is harry holt  still in love with her  who with his friend tempts her to come back to civilization with him the gown and perfumes interest her  but she refuses to leave tarzan . tarzan has to protect her against several wild animals  in scenes that look like a humanized king king . the group claim to want to hunt animals  and tarzan agrees for jane  s sake to a bit of big game trapping but at some point  the idea of ivory and of obtaining a fortune turns the expedition  s heads  minds . tarzan is shot  left for dead and the group force jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow a dying elephant to the fabulous  elephant  s graveyard  . but they find the area guarded by a savage tribe and are attacked by lions . tarzan rides in on an elephant he has revived in time to call in a most spectacular elephant  filled scene  he saves jane and what is left of the expedition  who return home little richer but much wise  as jane continues her savage idyll with her new husband . the film was directed by set  design wizard cedric gibbons  and quite beautifully too . his work and the lighting are the outstanding accomplishments of this entertaining and exciting film  which manages to seem real despite all its hollywood shortcomings from start to finish . neil hamilton is a very good harry  paul cavanagh is even better before and after he reveals himself to be thoroughly bad . forrester harvey and nathan curry round out a small cast very professionally . an unusual and well  realized fantasy film with interesting situations and some strong dialogue confrontations as well . recommended .  
this was the second of the series of   classic tarzan  movies featuring johnny weismuller in the title role and maureen o  sullivan as jane .  br    br   as usual  this was a wonderful film in this series and perhaps stands out as an  in between  film in a progression that could almost exemplify the development of cinema from the early     s into the     s . as such  it displayed good pace  though not as good as subsequent films . likewise  the cinematography is less accomplished than later tarzan films in this series . the stock i saw was of uneven quality  containing some grainy scenery and some under  exposed and over  exposed scenes . the crisp display of later tarzan films is lacking here . on the other hand  there is one scene  very early on  in which the jerky movements of a camera with foliage swishing in front of it as the camera backs up  showing safari men forging ahead into the jungle  was really almost modern in its style  and stands in strong contrast to the stationary shots that make up the rest of the movie .  br    br   regarding plot  one interesting feature here was jane  s near  fickleness and inconstancy  when she was being subject to martin  s flirtations . the kiss  and jane  s stunned  and partly guilty  reaction  foreshadow something of the jane we see in the future as well in these films . compare  for example  in tarzan finds a son  jane  s duplicitous actions tricking tarzan and delivering boy to his family . later she admits to tarzan that she was wrong . here  nothing quite so explicit  but we have jane  returning  to the jane parker of yesteryear  and in an almost repentant series of actions  stripping herself of the evening gown brought by martin and harry to entice her away from tarzan .  br    br   there were a whole series of depictions and sequences that especially struck me in this viewing .  br    br   for one thing  the picture we get of the domestic life of tarzan is here  as later  a combination of sensual idyll with always the nearby possibility of violent death . this to me is very much at the core of the tarzan experience .  br    br   i was really surprised by some quite violent scenes even by today  s standards .  br    br   there were a whole series of scenes that gave me special pleasure tarzan leading the elephants into the valley of the elephants  graveyard tarzan being rescued from watery death by the hippo  and then nursed to health by the apes cheetah going to find tarzan when jane and the other men are trapped at the foot of the escarpment cheetah in particular crossing the river on the log . the final battle scenes of savages  lions on the ground and savages  apes in the trees . jane  showing us that she is truly of tarzan  s world now  quickly displaying her enterprising woodcraft to work up a line of fire to keep the lions away .  br    br   the final series of scenes is splendid suddenly tarzan is on the scene  flinging savages from the trees and taking charge of the lions  and summoning the elephants to the rescue  that final cry of tarzan in triumph  holding a happy jane in his arms  with a dancing and delighted cheetah beside them  is a memorably picture and really a fine summation of the story of tarzan and jane .  br    br   all in all  this is another wonderful classic tarzan movie . i would recommend this movie strongly to anyone .  
  tarzan and his mate   the second of mgm  s tarzan pictures  picks up a year after the events of  tarzan the ape man  . tarzan and jane have been living happily in the jungle  and harry holt  one of the expeditioners in the first film  returns  this time accompanied by the less  than  honorable martin arlington  in quest of the ivory from the elephants  graveyard . naturally  a variety of perilous and exciting adventures take place along the way .  br    br   the first film romanticized everything   the jungle  adventure  romance itself  wild animals  and even death . the second film still has a great deal of romanticism and a lot of wonderful action sequences  but a more serious tone underlies the action . the characters dare to ask questions like what if something happened to tarzan  what would jane do if she was stranded by herself in the middle of the jungle and she had to fend for herself  while these are probably the questions real people would be asking in this situation  it creates a certain amount of somberness that isn  t always as much fun as the throw  caution  to  the  wind attitude of the original .  br    br   one of the most enjoyable aspects of this film is the growth we see in tarzan and jane  s relationship . tarzan still speaks very broken english  but he has clearly learned a few new words from his mate . additionally  their love for each other has really blossomed  and we feel like they really have spent a year together in the jungle .  br    br   most people consider  tarzan and his mate  superior to the original  tarzan the ape man  . personally  i liked the first film just a little bit better . the main reason is that the relationship between the harry holt  martin arlington team isn  t nearly as likable as holt  s relationship with james parker  jane  s father  from the original . the mr . arlington character could have worked as a great movie villain  but he plays the hero for far too much of the movie . the movie can never decide whether we should like him or hate him .  also  i don  t want to give anything away  but in one of the scenes where we should clearly hate him  jane never finds out about those events  so the ending isn  t quite as satisfying as it could have been .  all of these detractors are relatively minor  however  and it  s still a great movie .  br    br   like the first film   tarzan and his mate  has amazing action scenes  wonderful wildlife footage  and one of the screen  s all  time greatest romances . if you liked the first film in the series  this is definitely a sequel to see .  
when i was a kid it was lex barker  s time as tarzan . i often heard from older people that johnny weissmuller  was  tarzan and i wouldn  t understand why since i saw a couple of weismuller  s last films in the character and i thought he was sort of out of shape . it wasn  t after many years that i came across  tarzan and his mate   and then i understood . weismuller is in shape in this picture and has the presence and rugged looks the character demands not matched yet by other tarzans such as barker  gordon scott  jock mahoney  denny miller  miles o  keefe and cristopher lambert .  br    br   as for this film i was also surprised by the sensual presence of beautiful maureen o  sullivan a strong  self minded  active and  no  inhibitions  woman as jane way ahead of the times in which the film was made  tarzan pushes her into a pond naked as she is amused one of the explorers kisses her by surprise and though she doesn  t kiss him back she sort of let him do for a bit and makes no big deal out of it   such behaviors were unthinkable with the  janes  to come such as brenda joyce  vanessa brown  virginia huston or dorothy hart  all playing sort of too perfect sweet vulnerable women making it hard to believe they could survive in a hostile place like the african jungle .  br    br   o  sullivan character  s sparkling personality steals the show out of tarzan himself  except of course when it comes to action and weismuller takes the lead easily the combination is perfect . another highlight in the movie is cheeta  s secondary role and not as the main lead like in later tarzan pictures where she often saves the day .  br    br    tarzan and his mate  stands as a fine product in its genre  tarzan films  and perhaps as the best  though i have to admit that i also enjoyed  tarzan  s greatest adventure        made with a higher budget and a strong supporting cast  and in spite of the just acceptable gordon scott in the leading role with his too perfect  all gymnasium  physical looks that doesn  t fit for a rustic ape man  .  br    br   good for jane and her mate   
like tarzan the ape man        only more so . there  s more of everything  more animals  more varied african tribes  and scenes in which the thought must be  if this was good with three or four lions  forty would be better . tarzan wrestles with crocodilesthe the crocodile machine spins in the water like a rolling pin  around and around  jaws flapping . tarzan can kill it with his ubiquitous knife if the blasted saurian would hold still . tarzan kills lions and rhinos and a steadily increasing number of animals . his friends are real chimps  people wearing larger ape costumes  and elephants . in fact  they use indian elephantsfar more friendly and trainable than african oneswith costume ears attached to their heads . the human story another white man  worse than the rest  shows up to join with holt to go after the ivory from the elephant graveyard . tarzan won  t show them the way  so the bad guy shoots an elephant so they can follow it to its deathbed . tarzan intercedes  and the bad guy shoots himbut  of course  he survives and returns to save jane . everybody else dies  holt and the bad guy and every single one of their  boys .  people are expendable  especially africans  and there doesn  t seem to be much distinction between the black fellows who die because they work for the white men travelling through taboo country and those black fellows who kill them . this must be the last tarzan movie before the hays code made jane wear more clothes . there are a number of underwater scenes in which jane swims nude  and though the light is flickering the movement and the glimpses are very appealing . apparently one of weismuller  s friends from the olympic swim team did the nude scenes  and not maureen o  sullivan . she  however  moves through the movie wearing the same sort of loincloth weismuller wears  plus a bikini top   showing a splendid glimpse of thigh and hip . they still don  t need to talk a lot . they sleep together and hang out with cool animals and stay away from cities . no wonder they  re happy .  
i recommend watching this film with your significant other if you  re planning a romantic evening with him  her . the chemistry between johnny weissmuller and maureen o  sullivan as tarzan and jane is so steamy it could fog up your screen .  br    br   after the original film  we begin to see how tarzan and jane have adapted to the jungle and to each other . jane  s skimpy jungle wear and tarzan  s protest when jane covers up for their visitors illuminates that they are not just romantically  but also quite sexually in love .  br    br   one  s imagination can supplement the constant touching and love talk between tarzan  jane to portray how much jane is actually teaching tarzan about love emotionally  romantically and sexually . and jane  s student is not only embracing but also thriving with his previously untapped sexuality .  br    br   the skin show in this film is off the charts . in addition to jane  s two  piece sexy midriff  leg  and hip baring costume  she also has an underwater nude swim with tarzan .  although it is not o  sullivan  but olympic swimmer josephine mckim who doubles for her in this scene  weissmuller  also reveals a tremendous body and perfect pectorals in his barely there loincloth . the ladies will delight when weissmuller emerges from the water after his lengthy fight with the giant crocodile and sounds his yell  with his water soaked loincloth practically falling off his hips .  br    br   it  s a shame that the over  protective censors toned down the adult nature of the tarzan films after this entry . although the weissmuller tarzan films would still prosper in the years to come  they would rarely approach the sex appeal of this movie .  
as noted by other reviewers this is one of the best tarzan movies . unlike others however  i like the beginning of the film as it feels like a pretty accurate depiction of what a trading post must have been like . plus the exposition is needed so we know why harry wants to go back into the jungle . in addition the beginning of the film contains one of the most thrilling and terrifying chase sequences ever made . this occurs when harry  s safari group has to outrun a tribe of cannibals . the pre  censorship production values add a lot of realism  genuinely depicting the terrible dangers that awaited europeans going into the jungle . the film also offers  though perhaps antecedently  an accurate account of how horribly treated the native africans were by their white employers . in addition sexy jane  thousands of elephants  some great sets and two chetas  not to be missed an adventure classic .  
considered by almost all the critics to be the best of the johnny weissmuller tarzan films  i have no argument with that  although there are a couple of others i thought just as entertaining . one thing it  s the longest of the series that i  ve seen at    minutes . i  ve only seen six of them but this was longer than i  m used to and with the drawn  out action finale i thought the whole thing was a bit too long .  br    br   nonetheless  it is a good mixture of action  suspense and romance . the only things missing are color and stereo sound . the primitive special  effects don  t bother me  as that was all that they had back in the     s .  br    br   among some  this film is most noted for one thing skin   jane  never wore anything this skimpy after this film as the hays  code was instituted by the time the next tarzan film was made . her outfit showed what a great figure maureen o  sullivan possessed . the nude underwater scene  however  was not her  by a longshot . the woman under the water didn  t have a good figure at all  whoever it was .  br    br   there is plenty of action in here . up to the finale  it was not overdone  either . the ending went on for   minutes  though  and was so intense that it was almost too much to watch .  br    br   still  this movie offers about everything  except  boy   their adopted son   you  d want to see in a tarzan film  even o  sullivan doing her tarzan yell about a dozen times . with her pair of  lungs   that was no problem .  
there  s something wonderful about the fact that a movie made in     can be head and shoulders above every tarzan movie that followed it  including the bloated and boring     s piece greystoke . once the viewer gets past the first three scenes  which are admittedly dull  tarzan and his mate takes off like a shot  offering non  stop action  humor  and romance . maureen o  sullivan is charming and beautiful as jane and walks off with the movie . weismuller is solid as well . highly recommended .  
although the recent re  telling of part of homer  s epic  troy  with brad pitt was entertaining once   iphigenia  with the incandescent irene pappas is breathtaking . unfolding in a natural setting with greek actors speaking their own language lends such authenticity . a chance encounter with this film on one of directv  s many movie channels kept me interested in spite of my concentration problems . there is no glitter or  bling  in this movie  just a fabulously rich story impeccably told by actors so real one feels they are eavesdropping on a real family in turmoil . i think even homer  if he really existed  would be proud of this telling .  br    br   jlh  
the release of tarzan the ape man  in      caused a sensation . it may be hard to believe    years later  but the film had much of the same kind of impact as the matrix  or the lord of the rings has achieved  at a time when movies and radio were the major sources of entertainment . tarzan became an instant pop icon  the  noble savage  that every woman fantasized about  and every man wished he could be . the only person unhappy about the situation was edgar rice burroughs  who  while he  d agreed to mgm  s creative liberties  and enjoyed his hefty royalty checks  felt the  dumbed down  version of his character  with no plans to allow him to  grow   was unfaithful to his vision  he would start a production company  and soon be making his own  tarzan  films  . mgm  realizing the value of it  s newest  star   knew the sequel would have to be even more spectacular than the original . . . and tarzan and his mate delivered   br    br   the film had an interesting back story cedric gibbons  mgm  s legendary art director  had gotten a commitment from the studio to direct the sequel  prior to the release of tarzan the ape man  despite the fact that he  d never directed before  the studio hadn  t anticipated the film  s impact  and didn  t think a novice director would matter much on a  novelty  film . . . and they wanted to keep their oscar  winning department chief happy  . gibbons  a prodigiously talented and imaginative visual artist  loved the freedom of pre  code hollywood  and decided to have tarzan and his mate  push the envelope  to the limit . . . tarzan and jane would frolic in a nude swim  and jane would appear topless through most of the film . maureen o  sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death  in      that while a double was used for the swim  she trusted the studio  and did  a couple of days  of filming sans top . . . but it became too much of a headache trying to strategically place plants and fruit to block her nipples  and the idea was abandoned  the film shot those days would be worth a fortune   she did do a nude silhouette scene in a tent  flashed her breasts at the conclusion of her  swim   and donned a revised  jungle  costume that was extremely provocative  very thin  and open at the sides . . . and the resulting outcry would help  create  the hays office  and the self  censorship that would soon engulf the entire industry .  br    br   mgm yanked gibbons from the production  the  official  reason given was his workload as art director   and veteran jack conway was listed as the new director  to appease the critics . . . although james c . mckay actually directed the film  as conway was busy on  other projects  including viva villa   br    br   the film incorporated the best elements of the original  safaris  murderous tribes  tarzan fighting jungle beasts to the death to save jane   and actually improved on the storytelling . harry holt  neil hamilton   from the first film  returns to africa for ivory from the  elephants  graveyard   and to try to seduce jane into returning to england  with gifts of silk dresses  underwear  and perfume . he brings with him martin arlington  paul cavanagh   a crack shot and inveterate womanizer  who sneers at holt  s chivalrous pursuit of jane  and stalks her as a potential  conquest   to be had by any means  including killing tarzan  if and when he can get away with it without being seen  .  br    br   tarzan barely tolerates the intrusion into his happy life with jane  and puts his foot down  refusing to allow the hunters into the graveyard . arlington finds his opportunity  catching the ape man alone  and shoots him  then returns to the camp with a fabricated story of his demise . now jane has no reason to remain in the jungle  and she can direct them to the graveyard  before her long voyage back to england  comforted by the oh  so  sympathetic arlington . but a savage tribe and hideous torture await the group . . . can tarzan  being nursed back to health by his ape  family   recover in time to save jane   br    br   while stock footage is again used extensively  the racial stereotypes of the   s are apparent  and the gorillas are obviously actors in ape suits  tarzan and his mate achieves a level of sophistication unsurpassed in any other  tarzan  film  as well as a sexiness that even bo derek  s blatantly erotic tarzan  the ape man couldn  t touch . johnny weissmuller was in peak condition  physically  maureen o  sullivan was never more beautiful  and  africa  never looked more romantic  and dangerous .  br    br   tarzan and his mate was a triumph  although it would be drastically edited for many years   and remains the classic of the series  to this day   
has anyone been able to buy this movie  my uncle  hutch  was a real  not reel  pilot who is seen tossing his wings in the air and then snatching them with his fist as he was awarded his pilot  s wings .  br    br   he  s only on screen a few seconds but my family would love to have the movie . he was killed in a dogfight over italy  he was only   at the time . do we know the film studio that made it   br    br   or has anyone seen it at a video store  like blockbuster  i wish they would make entire catalogs of these old movies available as it is so cheap to make dvd  s these days .  br    br   please email me at nfny   yahoo . com if you know where i can buy a copy . thank you .  
i saw this movie once as a kid on the late  late show and fell in love with it .  br    br   it took    years  but i recently did find it on dvd  it wasn  t cheap  either  in a catalog that specialized in war movies . we watched it last night for the first time . the audio was good  however it was grainy and had the trailers between reels . even so  it was better than i remembered it . i was also impressed at how true it was to the play .  br    br   the catalog is around here someplace . if you  re sincere in finding it  fire me a missive and i  ll see if i can get you the info . cartwrightbrideyahoo . com  
william wyler was to have directed this adaptation of moss hart  s hit broadway play with music  recruiting poster  vivant  but his own military commitments intervened and it went to a most unlikely helmsman george cukor . the  women  s director  has a sure touch on the many documentary  like sequences of air corps training  and he invests it with more unhackneyed humanity than the genre generally allowed  particularly in wartime . sure  the gee  whiz  and entirely white  save for one unbilled chinese  american recruit  bunch of newbies are nicer and more wholesome than in real life  and the speechifying about home and mom and the wife and kid gets pretty thick  but it  s efficient propaganda and undeniably stirring . notable  too  for the all  military male cast  several of whom didn  t reemerge for years lon mcallister  edmond o  brien  martin ritt  red buttons  in drag  as an andrews sister   peter lind hayes  karl malden  kevin mccarthy  gary merrill  lee j . cobb  and don taylor . also for a very early glimpse of judy holliday  who doesn  t show up till an hour and a half into the picture but has some good little sequences as o  brien  s worried  sick brooklyn spouse . too bad its rights are in a tangle and the only print anyone knows of is   mm evidently  after twentieth century fox released it  to considerable success   the rights reverted to the army  and if there  s a good   mm print out there  it probably lies somewhere in the bowels of the pentagon . it  s disingenuous and corny in spots  but it also captures the rigors of military training and the terrors of war vividly  and it deserves to be more widely seen .  
this movie gets it right . as a former usaf aviation cadet  i can tell you this movie has it all . the tedium of the application process . the waiting for word . the joy of acceptance . the worry about making it through the course . the sorrow of watching one  s buddies  perhaps the best of them  wash out . the anguish of paying the ultimate price  the death of fllow student airmen . the glory of graduation . always the flying  the flying  the flying . many are called but few are chosen . we did for pay what we would have eagerly paid to do .  
this movie has always been a favorite of mine since first seeing it as a   year old kid in     when it was shown on a los angeles television station  s  late show  . the characters are very engaging from the start of the picture  and it is too bad that the movie has never been released for video tape  nor is it ever shown on television  apparently due to a prohibition by the estate of moss hart  the playwright  producer  director who wrote the story and first presented it on the new york stage during wwii   the reason for denying its showing is hard to fathom more than   years after it was made  . i did not see the movie again for over   years  when someone who had actually been a major cast member of the movie was able to get me a  bootlegged  copy on vhs  poor video quality  but good audio  . my memory of it was correct it was still an engaging and fascinating movie to watch . an amazing aspect of this film is just how many of its stars  just starting out in their careers at the time       went on to became either major motion picture stars or at least well  known and fully  employed actors  e . g . judy holliday  edmond o  brien  jeanne crain  barry nelson  don taylor  karl malden  peter lind hayes  george  superman   reeves  red buttons  lee j . cobb  kevin mccarthy  and gary merrill  . the scenes with the b    liberators are terrific  especially the close  up shots where the details of the giant  for those times    engine bomber  then        manufactured  now nearly extinct  can be seen . good insight into the different levels of training that a pilot  cadet went through on his way to being assigned to a bomber crew  of course  very gender  biased as was the trend of the day only the men became pilots  the women just supported them in their roles   hardly acceptable in today  s world  . i hope someday it will be released onto video for a new generation to enjoy .  
i had a personal interest in this movie . when i was   and just out of high school i got a job at   th century fox as a member of the laborers and hod carriers union . at the end of my first day  sweeping the deck of an aircraft carrier  i was told to bring a suitcase the next morning with enough clothes etc . for one or two weeks . when i arrived the next morning a bus was waiting and about   of us headed south toward san diego . just short of there we stopped at an army base called either camp callan or camp hahn . once we were bunked in we went north a few miles into camp pendleton  the big marine base . there  on the beach  we started building what was supposed to be a japanese pacific island base . it took us about a week or ten days to complete the installation  which included a water tank  gun entrenchments  sand  bagged trenches and living quarters . all this was at very high pay  sometimes  golden time   which was triple our regular hourly wage . our food was also first rate  prime rib at lunch  etc .  which was amazing because it was wartime and very hard to get good meat at home .  br    br   once the job was finished i waited eagerly for the movie to come out  which was about eight or ten months later . then i waited eagerly through two hours of the movie before my handiwork finally came on screen . then it was no more than three or four minutes  maybe less  of the movie  s heroes dive bombing the base and blowing it to smithereens . a bit disappointing  but still fun .  br    br   in spite of the disappointment i enjoyed the movie and have not seen it since . i learned later that this movie was underwritten by the government and fox was paid on a cost plus basis  which maybe accounts for our extravagant pay and lifestyle down there . bob weverka  
this movie is a ripoff of james cain  s novel  the postman always rings twice . apparently  the director and producer never bothered to pay for rights to this story   perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of fighting the italians in wwii might account for their forgetting to consider royalties  despite this  the movie isn  t really just an italian version of the hollywood movie . in some ways it  s a lot better and in other ways  it is definitely not .  br    br   the three central characters in this movie are really pretty ugly people . in fact  the male and female lovers are a bit icky  looking . the male lead is pretty ordinary except for his profuse body hair  particularly on the back and shoulders  and his lady love is  to put it frankly  unattractive . they are a very  very far cry from lana turner and john garfield in the hollywood version . and the ill  fated husband is really  really obese and loves to walk around shirtless   and his counterpart in the american film  cecil kellaway is definitely better looking  and probably better looking than the other two italian leads  actually  . and this unattractiveness is generally a reason i actually preferred the italian film   since i just could not imagine a finely coiffed  dish  like lana turner in the middle of nowhere married to kellaway   i am     sure she would have had dozens of better offers  whereas  the italian wife frankly might not have been able to do much better and this made the marriage actually believable .  br    br   part of the italian film  s believability comes from the blunt way it handles sex . the sanitized american film tries to make you believe that although turner and garfield kill kellaway  they never actually get around to sex  this is pretty silly and totally unrealistic . in addition to the casual sexuality of the film  it  s also pretty casual in showing the seamy side of life   with lots of sweaty people  a fly strip hanging over the kitchen table and everyone appeared to need a bath .  br    br   the movie is also pretty fast  paced compared to the over  long american film . and what you get due to brevity isn  t all good . the film lacks a lot of the style and polish of the american film   with grainier footage  relatively poor orchestration and sets . it sure ain  t a pretty film  but the neo  realistic  like style makes the film seem more realistic . but it cannot make up for the short  cuts in the plot . many of the plot elements in the later american version are either missing entirely or glossed over . and the ending seems a lot less interesting than the american film   and misses the entire human nature dilemma when turner and garfield turn on each other like rats  the best part of the american film  .  br    br   so which is the better film  well  a lot of this probably depends on you . as for me  the warner brothers film was simply too polished and too unrealistic  though many like this style and may dislike watching films with subtitles    but it packed a great ending . and the italian film was much  much more realistic   until the crappy ending that seemed too rushed . so neither film is exactly great  but i  d give my nod to the italian one being a bit better . it  s too bad they couldn  t have combined the best elements of both films into one exceptional film .  
the ruth snyder  judd gray murder in     inspired ogden nash to write a broadway play called machinal . more famously  it inspired james m . cain to write two short novels which anyone who has actually reached the point where they are reading this review would be familiar with  double indemnity and the postman always rings twice . both became film noir classics of the      s  double indemnity being arguably the most perfect noir ever made . some of the real  life elements of the snyder  gray story were captured by cain  the old age and indifference of albert gray  ruth  s high sex drive  ruth and judd  s passionate affair and complicity in the murder and that famous double indemnity insurance clause . missing elements included the fact that the actual setting was a very urban manhattan  albert snyder being a respected newspaper editor . the numerous incompetent and failed attempts were also ignored in order to cut to the chase .  br    br   cain  s double indemnity was filmed perfectly by billy wilder  let  s ignore stanwyck  s ridiculous wig as one of those interesting accidents of film lore  the postman always rings twice  however  was filmed thrice and ossessione  an italian version and luchino visconti  s first film  was the first of three versions . before commenting on it  i  ll recommend the lana turner  john garfield version of     in its entirety and five minutes of the     jack nicholson  jessica lange version for the great sex scene on the dining table .  br    br   ossessione is not as noirish as the postman always rings twice . it has a strong neo  realist look which makes it a great movie  but a lot of the essential noir elements are missing . it does not have low  key lighting and unconventional camera angles . the dialog is not hard  boiled and instead the film concentrates more on characterization . this is the longest version of the story and goes deeply into characterization . its also a lot more sexual than the lana turner version . we have a very obvious adulterous relationship and giovanna is very obviously a nymphomaniac . a new character is introduced into the story  la spagnola  with very obvious homosexual overtones . there is also a small  but very well  played role for a dancer who moonlights as a prostitute .  br    br   this is a far greater study of the working class than of crime . the audience really gets the feeling of poverty and grime . the drifter is a complete tramp  the wife is no lana turner and may even have been a prostitute before marriage . her husband is an obscene capitalist  obese  rude and arrogant . i think the casting was brilliant for this film . my only beef is with the overlong running time . everything is drawn out too long and it would have been more effective if it had been more economical . nevertheless  fans of noir and realism will definitely like ossessione  as i did .  
well  i  d heard from somewhere that ossessione is a precursor to the italian film genre  and particular favourite of mine  the  giallo  . . . but actually  aside from the fact that this is a thriller that was made in italy the two have pretty much no relation . in the sixties and seventies  italian film  makers would get themselves a reputation for ripping off just about every successful american film released . they  ve not done that here  but ossessione does follow almost the exact same story as the later american film  the postman always rings twice   without giving the book  s author  james m . cain  so much as a credit  anyway  the plot focuses on gino costa  a handsome drifter who  by chance  stumbles upon a caf where a woman named giovanna bragana works . he soon learns that she  s married to giuseppe a big fat annoying man  whom giovanna can  t stand to have even touching her . he wants the pair of them to run away together  but she  s not so keen on the idea . however  fate ends up intervening and her plan to have her husband murdered is successful . . .  br    br   despite the fact that the film loses some credibility for not crediting the author whose story it  s based on  it has to be said that director luchino visconti implements the film noir style well  and in a way i even prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the bigger american noir classics . the story is  as you would expect  extremely strong and the visconti manages to pull good performances out of his cast . visconti drags the film out a little bit too much  however  and with a running time of almost    minutes  i felt that the story was too thin to warrant this kind of length . i almost feel guilty for levelling all this criticism at ossessione as it is a good film  but it  s not a  great  film . the relationship between the two central characters is never really explored properly  and it seems like the film is keener to distract us from it rather than let us into the characters  heads . there  s not much mystery to the plot as we pretty much always know what  s going on  and by not always focusing on the characters themselves the film is not as interesting as it could have been . still  it makes for an interesting viewing and comes recommended for that reason . . . although it  s not as good as the     version of the same james m . cain classic .  
with iphigenia  mikhali cacoyannis is perhaps the first film director to have successfully brought the feel of ancient greek theatre to the screen . his own screenplay  an adaptation of euripides  tragedy  was far from easy  compared to that of the other two films of the trilogy he directed . the story has been very carefully deconstructed from euripides  version and placed in a logical  strictly chronological framework  better conforming to the modern methods of cinematic story  telling . cacoyannis also added some characters to his film that do not appear in euripides  tragedy odysseus  calchas  and the army . this was done in order to make some of euripides  points regarding war  the church  and government clearer . finally  cacoyannis  iphigenia ending is somewhat ambiguous when compared to euripides  .  br    br   the film was shot on location at aulis . the director of photography  giorgos arvanitis  shows us a rugged but beautiful greece  where since the homeric days time seems to have stood still . he takes advantage of the bodies  the arid land  the ruins  the intense light and the darkness . the harshness of the landscape is particularly fitting to the souls of the characters . the camera uses the whole gamut of available shots  from the very long  reinforcing the vastness and desolation of the landscape  as well as the human scale involved  to the extreme close  ups  dissecting and probing deep into the soul of the tormented characters . in particular  the film  s opening  with a bold  accelerating tracking shot along a line of beached boats  followed by an aerial view of the many thousands of soldiers lying listlessly on the beach  is a very effective means of communicating agamemnon  s awesome political and military responsibility .  br    br   no word but  sublime  can describe the stunning performances of costa kazakos  agamemnon   irene papas  clytemnestra   and tatiana papamoschou  iphigenia  . kazakos and papas embody the sublimity of the classical greece tragedy . kazakos  character is extremely down  to  earth  and his powerful look into the camera  more than his words  reveals the unbelievable torment tearing his soul . irene papas is the modern quintessence of classic greek plays . in iphigenia  she is terrible in her anguish  and even more so for what we know will be her vengeance . tatiana papamoskou  in her first role on the screen  is outstanding in her portray of the innocent iphigenia  which contrasts with kazakos  austere depiction of her father  agamemnon .  br    br   cacoyannis is faithful to euripides in his representation of the other characters odysseus is a sly  scheming politician  achilles  a vain  narcissistic warrior  menalaus is self centered  obsessed with his honor  eager to be avenged  and to have his wife and property restored .  br    br   the costumes and sets are realistic no hollywood there . agamemnon  s quarters resembles a barn  he dresses  as do the others  in utilitarian  hand  woven  simple garb . clytemnestra  s royal caravan is made up of rough  hewn wooden carts .  br    br   the music is by the prolific contemporary music composer mikis theodorakis . theodorakis  score intensifies the dramatic and cinematographic unfolding  reflects on the psychological aspect of the tragedy  and accentuates its dimensions and actuality .  br    br   this film and the story it narrates offer considerable insight into the lost world of ancient greek thought that was the crucible for so much of our modern civilization . it teaches us much about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures . euripides questions the value of war and patriotism when measured against the simple virtues of family and love  and reflects on woman  s vulnerable position in a world of manly violence . in his adaptation of euripides  tragedy  cacoyannis revisits all of these themes in a modern  clear  and dramatic fashion .  br    br   the relationships governing the political machinations are clearly demonstrated war corrupts and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither the individual nor the group can function normally any longer . with the possible exception of menelaus  whose honor has been tarnished by his own wife  s elopement with her lover  everyone else has his own private motivation for going to war with troy  which has nothing to do with helen the thirst for power  agamemnon   greed  the army  odysseus   or glory  achilles  . and so in a real sense  helen became the wmd of the trojan war . the war  stripped of all homeric glamor and religious sanctioning  was just an imperialist venture  spurred primarily by the desire for material gain  all else being a convenient pretext .  br    br   another conflict raised in the film is that between the church and the state . calchas  who represents the church  feeling the challenge to his priestly authority and wishing to destroy agamemnon for the insult to the goddess he serves  tells him to sacrifice his daughter . in consenting to the sacrifice  the king comes closer to his moral undoing  but in refusing  loses his power over the masses  his army   who are brainwashed by religion . of course  for agamemnon  it  s a game . the king must go along with the charade whether he honestly believes in the gods or not  until he realizes  too late  that he has ensnared himself into committing a despicable filicide .  br    br   is it a sacrifice or a murder  and how can we tell the difference between the two  by focusing on the violent and primitive horror of a human sacrifice   and  worst of all  the sacrifice of one  s own child   euripides  cacoyannis creates a drama that is at once deeply political and agonizingly personal . it touches on a most complex and delicate ethical problem facing any society the dire conflict between the needs of the individual versus those of the society . in the case of iphigenia  however  as in the biblical tale of abraham and isaac  the father is asked to kill his own child  by his own hand . what sort of god would insist on such payment  can it be just or moral  even if divinely inspired  finally  does the daughter  s sacrificial death differ from the deaths of all the sons and daughters who are being sent to war  these are many deep questions raised by a two  hour film .  
europa  zentropa  is a masterpiece that gives the viewer the excitement that must have come with the birth of the narrative film nearly a century ago . this film is truly unique  and a work of genius . the camerawork and the editing are brilliant  and combined with the narrative tropes of alienation used in the film  creates an eerie and unforgettable cinematic experience .  br    br   the participation of barbara suwkowa and eddie constantine in the cast are two guilty pleasures that should be seen and enjoyed . max von sydow provides his great voice as the narrator .  br    br   a one of a kind movie  four stars  highest rating  .  
ossessione  br    br   luchino visconti  s debut film  this italian noir is generally credited with launching the neorealist movement   well  it says so right on the back of the box   and is a sometimes penetrating  sometimes lugubrious portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux . set in fascist italy  an assortment of supporting characters   including an ingenuous drifter who espouses communist virtues   embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without  drifting phantasms longing for a soul . although visconti  s compassion for the disenfranchised and his ability to express their lamentable conditions was already well  developed  the spider web of deceit is tenuous   although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale  gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it   the cosmic irony too didactic  the illicit relationship strained with bathos . all the same  it  s incisive and essential  although its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable .  
audiences today will probably watch a film like ossessione and not really consider how unprecedented it was during the time when it came out . the structure of the film really divorces from sap  happy hollywood conventionsas well as other major theatrical elements . it relies more upon depicting reality in a very grim and sober light . films of this naturethe neo  realist filmswere made to reflect the darkness felt during post  world war ii times . ossessione tackles some fairly provocative issues that were probably unseen on screen prior to the war  including adultery  conspiracy  murder  pregnancy  etc . aside from the one crane shot and certain musical swelling moments  the film aesthetic is very raw and gritty shot on  location  uses natural lighting and most likely non  popular actors . all of these elements helped convey the issues explored in the film  yielding the following theme negative karmic repercussions will haunt those who deliberately act immorally .  br    br   the two leadsgino and giovannaare polar opposites  yet both carry the mentality we  re bored and we want to be entertained . gino is a drifter a lone traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations . giovanna is a bored house  wife cemented in the familiarly of marital permanence she doesn  t want to leave her home and husband  but would rather remain where she is because it  s safer . gino  s lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle giovanna craves the only difference is that she  s too afraid to live it herselfthat  s why she falls in love with gino he represents everything she wants but doesn  t have the courage to get . she wants to live in a world free from the monotony of living with her corpulent husbandgino is the perfect ticket into that world . the affair that ensues between the two most likely left audiences back in the    s feeling somewhat uneasy . i mean  films prior to the neo  realist age never showed such scandalous behavior on screen before . to say the least it was probably a bit alarming .  br    br   in conjunction with the theme  the neo  realist style helps show the negative repercussions of adulterous behavior . succinctly put  adulterous behavior  as shown in the film  leads to depressing and ultimately deadened lives . when gino and giovanna conspire with each other to  eliminate  giovanna  s husband  karma comes to haunt them like a plague after the deed is done . they return to their home the atmosphere is dark and biting  as can be expected from the neo  realist style  . they are not happy they  re actually more depressed . they thought that by eliminating giovanna  s husband that they  d live happier lives  but they were duped . the film ends with giovanna  s deathit being in karmic similitude of her husband  s death . i think this is a very satisfying ending for several reasons . here  s why .  br    br   there  s a lot of talk as to whether or not evil should be depicted on screen  and if so  to what extent . i think depicting evil is very necessary if and only if the evil depicted is not being glorified  but rather shows what negative consequences evil actions have . as the subtext of ossessione asks  is adultery and murder evil  i think the film eagerly responds yes  the adulterous behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are . ironically though  towards the end of the film when they seem to be healed of their depression and are seen basking in each other  s arms inside the car  the author of the film shows that their happiness is  in fact  a faade the car crashes off the cliff and into the river  killing giovanna the police arrest gino . i think it was the author  s intention to say that even though people sometimes try and justify their immoral behavior  in the end karma will come back to haunt them . i agree . i think the two got what was coming to them because they both were incredibly selfishalways wanting instant gratification and not willing to endure through hard times . this was especially made clear after the first sign of difficulty that gino and giovanna experience in their relationship he can  t handle the pressure of living in giovanna  s husband shadow  so he leaves giovanna and sleeps with another girl . such is typical of the insatiable  hedonistic personality .  br    br   all in all  the film seemed very risky for its time . the audience  however  was prepared to see such a film because of the sobriety the war brought . those pre  war  happy  go  lucky films were no longer being believed . movie  going audiences were ready to see and contemplate difficult films with complex characters they wanted to see characters whose lives were entangled in so  called  sin  because it was a reflection of their own life problems . ossessione  then  acts as a great catalyst for where the future of film was heading . that is  a lot of the naturalism pieces we see today can be said to have been influenced by the neo  realist film movement .  
oh  those sneaky italians . it  s not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the  in this case  author of the novel . of course this is not something that is typically italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema  mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it . james m . cain  s publishers managed to keep this movie off american screens until     but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic .  br    br   the movie is not as great to watch as the     american version but it  s a great movie nevertheless . this of course not in the least is due to the movie it  s great strong story  that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism . it follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story  with of course as a difference that it got set in an italian environment .  br    br   leave it up to the italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it . these early drama  s always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch . unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end  when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts . the movie could had easily ended   minutes earlier .  br    br   nevertheless  i don  t really have much else negative to say about this movie . it  s simply a greatly made one  based on some equally great and strong source material . quite an impressive directorial debut for luchino visconti  who continued to direct some many more great and memorable italian dramatic movies .  br    br        
visconti  s first film has all his trademark visual flair and immaculate technique  accompanied by compelling performances from massimo girotti as the handsome drifter and  best of all  clara calamai as the fabulous  frantic giovanna . remade several times as  the postman rings twice  but never bettered . can  t believe this was the man  s first film  it shows the confidence of someone at the zenith of their career .  
i  m not sure under what circumstances director visconti decided to film james cain  s novel  the postman always rings twice   i  m not even sure if viscounti acquired the book  s rights   but the resulting movie is definitely interesting . it is not the best version of cain  s story  i like the     version best   but thanks to visconti  s excellent direction and the casting of clara calamai and massimo girotti  a very sensual couple   it is a must for noir fans . visconti mixes neorealism with noir sensibilities to great effect . the film is not perfect  though . my main complaint is that the film is a little too long for its own good the story moves at a very slow pace  i don  t think visconti was very good at editing his films  . i think film noir works better with a short running time . fortunately  calamai and girotti are magnetic actors that keep the viewer interested . anyhow  as much as i like this film and the remakes  i think no one has made the definitive version of cain  s much  praised book .  
when people nowadays hear of a     s drama  they usually appear to create a distance of irony claiming that it  s another tearjerker with great stars in the lead of tragic  melancholic roles . this opinion  however  does not resemble neorealist movies  in particular this one directed by count luchino visconti . ossessione as his debut once censored and once cherished as nearly a realistic masterpiece is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others . the contradictory opinions about the film that have appeared in these   years seem to have been caused by the content of the movie itself  exceptionally controversial for modern times as well as the past . at the same time  while being based on the novel by james m . cain  the postman always rings twice  it is one of the most genuine screen adaptations where director remains his own style  view  his own art . i have seen the film twice and the second viewing led me to very detailed analysis part of which i  d like to entail below .  br    br   first  visconti  s movie seems to touch all psychology and actions that people may do in life  in particular those absorbed by desire . these people make such tragic decisions in spite of terrible consequences they are bound to face . gino  massimo girotti  a traveler with  bear like shoulders  turns up at the crossroad of a motorway near ferrara and enters the tavern . although many people go there to have a meal  gino occurs to get something more  much more the indefatigable desire of beautiful giovanna  clara calamai  a woman already married to an elderly man who runs the bar  mr giuseppe bragana  juan de landa  . her body and her song possess his mind totally and from the moment of their first love  the couple plan to get rid of the old obstacle and build up a new life together . . . however  are people bound to wrong deeds in face of desire  can one build love upon murder  what is love and what is loyalty  does desire lead to a dangerous addiction or even obsession  such questions intensely arise while watching the movie  when  to the core  the viewer is supplied with an insight into characters .  we have to love each other affectionately  answers giovanna seemingly giving a cure to all crying conscience but may desirous love justify and cure everything   isn  t it what we both wanted  says one of the couple . . . it occurs that it  s not . therefore  the content of the film appears to be very dangerous if not analyzed with intellect and heart . yet  it constantly remains thought provoking .  br    br   second  ossessione has a very strong point that talks to modern viewers brilliant moments and marvelous cinematography  which go in pair with memorable sequences and visual power . these make a modern viewer realize that a film made almost   years ago is absolutely entertaining to watch . they range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical shots . who can possibly skip that moment in ferrara where gino meets a beautiful girl  a sort of  ragazza perfetta   perfect girl   a dancer anita and buys her ice cream . his desires show him totally different direction . . . do viewers remain indifferent at gino  giovanna  s first meeting  the first focus of camera is on giovanna  s legs seemingly representing carnal desire over love that gino experiences . a marvel of shot is gino and giovanna leaving the investigation room and the closeup of their shadows that directs our attention towards their suspicious look .  br    br   third  ossessione can boast outstanding performances both from the leading pair as well as the supporting cast . massimo girotti once said in an interview that working in this movie had been one of the most difficult jobs he had ever done yet  consequently  what comes out is a flawless acting . he portrays a bisexual man torn within desires who commits a crime but cannot stand any of the objects that remind him of his victim  which represents conscience . his bisexuality is indicated through the character of lo spagnolo  elio marcuzzo  whom he meets in very surprising circumstances in the train for ancona . clara calamai  who was cast in the role after eminent anna magnani had refused  fits very well to the role and we may claim that there is a true chemistry between the couple . they are both very convincing . besides  i liked juan de langa in the role of bragana he portrays an old husband not affectionate to his wife and still crazy about high art . in some of his most witty moments  he asks his wife to wash his back or walks in the empty streets singing his favorite opera songs after sort of karaoke performance .  br    br   in sum  we  as modern viewers who are capable of critical view  have to look at this film very objectively . it is art for sure thanks to the aspects aforementioned  it is a powerful story as well thanks to the controversy it carries yet  is it educational  visconti was not fellini who said that he did not carry any message for humanity . in such case  his films would only entertain  which is  of course  not entirely fellini  s style  too  . visconti always had something to convey . what did he want to say here  is the film against bad marriage  or is it against wrong actions of people absorbed by desire  the final shocking moments say for themselves . though you don  t have to agree with the vision  ossessione is really a wonderfully realistic film  one of visconti  s best      
a deplorable social condition triggers off the catastrophe an impoverished giovanna has ended up in the gutter  but still has an ace up her sleeve beauty and youth . bragana  a fat  bellied gas station tenant  who has been getting on in years  picks her up from the street and offers her bed and home together with his clumsy affection . but the physical contact that giovanna is now exposed to only gives her feelings of disgust  and consequently she does not see a benefactor in him but a tormentor whom she has to get rid of .  br    br   the arrival of gino  a young migrant worker  finally provides her the longed  for opportunity . and you don  t have to ask her twice at the very first encounter she gives him the feeling of being physically desired  and a little later she lets him seduce her without offering any resistance .  br    br   the developping partnership has to submit to the strict rules drawn up by giovanna though . gino  s yearning for freedom is suppressed  his desire to leave the place with giovanna and start a new life far away from the fatso is pushed aside . giovanna aims at another goal to get bragana killed  to inherit and  in addition to that  to collect the insurance premium . in her hands gino degenerates into a self  sacrificing tool . being completely at the mercy of this woman he turns into a cold  blooded killer .  br    br   but in contrast to giovanna he questions the committed crime on a moral level . the very taking over of bragana  s place  which includes the sleeping in the bed of a dead man  causes a deep loathing of himself . and later  after he has found out about the forthcoming payment of the insurance money and seems to see through giovanna  s cunningly devised plan  he also executes a physical separation from his lover and finds comfort in the arms of a prostitute .  br    br   if visconti  s film ended at this point  it could easily be classified as a condemnatory portrait of a cool  calculating and unscrupulous woman with a slight touch of social criticism . but then the last sequences make this carefully built construct of ideas collapse . at last giovanna feels remorseful about what she has done  and by the uncompromising revelation of her innermost feelings she succeeds in inflaming anew gino  s love . her violent death by an absurd road accident then does not only leave him helpless at the mercy of an arbitrary fate . it also affects us  while we realize that none of the acting characters is to be made responsible for their disaster . the culprit is just the state of a society that determines the way of the individual unalterably right from the start .  br    br    
to get in touch with the beauty of this film pay close attention to the sound track  not only the music  but the way all sounds help to weave the imagery . how beautifully the opening scene leading to the expulsion of gino establishes the theme of moral ambiguity  note the way music introduces the characters as we are led inside giovanna  s marriage . don  t expect to find much here of the political life of italy in     . that  s not what this is about . on the other hand  if you are susceptible to the music of images and sounds  you will be led into a word that reaches beyond neo  realism . by the end of the film we there are moments antonioni  like landscape that has more to do with the inner life of the characters than with real places . this is one of my favorite visconti films .  
tcm is keeping me awake all the time . . . they keep coming up with films ive never heard of . . . senso . . . . now ossessione . . . a very early film by visconti   . . . wow . . . the italian version of the postman always rings twice . . . brilliant   beautifully acted and directed . . . never heard of either leads who were excellent  clara calamai  as giovanna  and especially  massimo girotti as gino . . . what a sensual man   more muscular and attractive than anyone else on the screen in        his look was ahead of its time . . . many male stars from the     s were probably inspired by him . . . he should have been a major world wide star   the film is much better than the jack nicholson  jessica lange version and less glossier than the mgm version  which i really like  with john garfield and lana turner remember that white outfit  who can forget . . . . this italian version is different . . more realistic and with a very different ending . . . see it watch it . . . im going to buy it    
a masterful treatment of james caine  s  the postman always rings twice  as luchino visconti  s first film shot primarily around ferrara in a soulless war  torn italy . the original negative was thought destroyed but visconti saved a print and fortunately we can see this early neo  realist work today . a ruggedly handsome massimo girotti and clara calamai  who had recently revealed her breasts in la cena delle beffe         star as the sensually  charged and ill  fated lovers who plot to kill her husband . unusual ending in which  although crime does not pay  one pays in a way not directly linked to the crime . excellent direction  script  acting  and cinematography . reportedly not as good as the french  le dernier tournant        but probably better than the us version       featuring lana turner and john garfield in the lead roles . highly recommended .  
  iphigenia  is the great achievement of michael cacoyannis . this masterful play is masterfully adapted for the screen and brought to life by a wonderful cast . cacoyannis achieved the impossible . he managed to film a greek tragedy to screen without losing its effectiveness and importance . a stellar greek cast helps him in this . newcomer tatiana papamoschou is extremely impressive as iphigenia . equally impressive is irene papas  who even though she sometimes seems over the top  it is very realistic . a wonderful greek film  beautifully adapted and directed by michael cacoyannis  with an excellent music score by mikis theodorakis which is ideal in every scene .  br    br   p . s . rumours say that the film lost the best foreign language film oscar by only  vote     
ossessione  adapted loosely  or if it is as loose or close to the version i saw of james m . cain  s the postman always rings twice with jack nicholson and jessica lange i can  t be certain  by first time director luchino visconti  is no less outstanding with usage of mis  en  scene  music  both diegetic and non  diegetic   and the acting . i didn  t know what to expect visconti to do in his approach to the material  after seeing la terra trema and seeing how sometimes his political motivations snuck in a little bit . but this is a totally character and emotional based drama  bordering on melodrama  however  without the conventions that bog down lesser ones   and with the style in the finest path of the budding film  noir movement  visconti creates a debut that  s as involving as any other neo  realist film . neo  realism  by the way  could rightfully be claimed as this being a forefather  along with de sica  s the children are watching us   which that would take shape after the war . although love and romance is more in play here than in some of the more famous neo  realist efforts  it  s dealt with in a bare  bones storytelling fashion  and it  s laced with other familiar themes in neo  realism  the lower  class  death  desperation  .  br    br   aside from the story  which is simply as it is described on this site  the artistry with which visconti captures the images  and then layers them with objects  a shawl over gino costa  s profile when in guilt   shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many of the later scenes in the film  usually over gian and giovanna   and the feel of the italian streets in many of the exterior scenes . domenico scala and aldo tonti  who would lens some of rossellini and fellini  s films  help in envisioning the look of ossessione  which is usually moving in on a character  then pausing to read as much emotion on their faces  their voices and mannerisms lovely and ugly  sad and dark and romantic . i think i  ve just scratched the surface on how effective it was that the film itself was moving me along  even as i was in fear of the futures of the two leads . the two leads  massimo girotti and clara calamai  portray all the compelling  truthful  and near  operatic emotions  and the key supporting actors are also without their attributes .  br    br   it  s a brilliant  crushing adaptation  and it points as a striking signpost of what was to come for visconti in his career .  
fascinating look at fascist italy and the people who carved out a life under mussolini . street scenes and lifestyle glimpses alone are worth watching . combine this with a masterful plot and premier acting and you get a film that you will want to watch again . . . and maybe again .  
ossessione is in very bad state but is now undergoing a full restoration at digital film lab in copenhagen . the material used is a  master positive   nd generation originally from the print visconti managed to hide from the fascists . it has been scanned on the spirit  k  as  k rgb data  then processed using davinci revival restoration software . after this the rest is manual labor and we do not anticipate finishing before early spring . sometime next year it should be available on dvd and hopefully also released on hd dvd . this film is beautiful and we hope the restoration effort will be enjoyed by many generations to come .  
gino costa  massimo girotti  is a young and handsome drifter who arrives in a road bar . he meets the young  beautiful and unsatisfied wife giovanna bragana  clara calamai  and her old and fat husband giuseppe bragana  juan de landa   owners of the bar . he trades his mechanical skills by some food and lodging  and has an affair with giovanna . they both decide to kill giuseppe  forging a car accident . the relationship of them become affect by the feeling of guilty and the investigation of the police . this masterpiece ends in a tragic way . the noir and neo  realistic movie of luchino visconti is outstanding . this is the first time that i watch this version of the postman always rings twice  . i loved the     version with lana turner  and the     version  where jack nicholson and jessica lange have one of the hottest sex scene in the history of the cinema  but this one is certainly the best . my vote is ten .  
wow  the sort of movie you could watch ten times and still delight in its nuances . absolutely incredible  if this was visconti  s debut film  i shudder to think what would happen if he got any better from film to film . the only other one of his i  ve seen  at time of writing  is death in venice  which was absolutely incredible more dazzling visually than ossessione  obsession  . one of the most beautiful films i  ve ever seen  but its story was not as involving as ossessione . if you click on  miscellaneous  on this page  s links  there are stills from the movie on those websites . they won  t really do justice to the experience of the movie such graceful camera movements  such beautiful composition  such wonderful faces  such terrific characters  such a great story development  the first movie adapted from james m cain  s  the postman always rings twice .   br    br   i can  t believe this was made in    eight years before brando was supposed to have introduced realistic acting to the world with streetcar named desire       . the actors in this may not have used the method technique  ie they may not have truly felt everything themselves  i don  t know anything about it   but they  re some of the best  most genuine and realistic performances up to this date in cinema . also  eight years before streetcar named desire brought a new sensuality to the screen  ossessione was electrifyingly sensual  the most sensual thing since the beginning of cinema  yes  i  m being superlative  but ossessione was just that terrific .  br    br   the reason ossessione didn  t cause the impact streetcar did was that it was made in fascist italy and banned by mussolini  and re  cut in america . american audiences didn  t see its full glory till    eight years after streetcar .  br    br   i won  t say any more about it  just writing to tell you its one of the best  most beautiful and exciting movies i  ve ever seen  and tell you to go out and see it  like another reviewer  i  m going to buy it as soon as i can find it   
luchino visconti was light years ahead of his contemporaries . the great directors of italy of the   s and   s were men who understood the medium  but it was luchino visconti  a man of vision  who dared to bring a film like to show what he was capable of doing . he clearly shows his genius early on in his distinguished career with  ossessione   a film based on james cain  s  the postman always ring twice   which was later made by hollywood  but that version pales in comparison with what visconti achieved in the movie . luchino visconti and his collaborators on the screen included an uncredited alberto moravia  a man who knew about the effect of passion on human beings .  br    br   the film has been well preserved in the dvd format we watched recently . the film is a must for all serious movie fans because we can see how visconti  s vision translated the text into a movie that rings true in a plausible way  something the american version lacked .  br    br   what comes across watching the movie  is the intensity which the director got from his key players . the magnificent clara calamai does an amazing job as giovanna  the woman who has married an older man  but when gino appears in her life  all she wants to do is rid herself of the kind man who gave her an opportunity in life . giovanna is one of the best creations in ms . calamai  s achievements in the italian cinema . the last sequence of the film shows ms . calamai at her best in the ironic twist that serves as the moral redemption for the monstrous crime that was committed .  br    br   equally excellent is massimo girotti  one of the best actors of his generation who appears as gino  the hunky man that awakens the obsessive passion in giovanna . gino is the perfect man for giovanna  something that mr . girotti projects with such ease and sophistication not equaled before in the screen . mr . girotti makes the man come alive in a performance that seems so easy  yet with another actor it might not have been so apparent . juan delanda is seen as giuseppe  the older man who fell in love with giovanna . in fact  his character rings truer than his counterpart in the american film  where he is seen more as a buffoon .  br    br   the film is beautifully photographed by domenic scala and aldo tonti . they gave the film a naturalistic look that was the way italian directors of the era favored . the original musical score of giuseppe rosati is perfect . visconti  a man who loved opera and was one of the best directors  also includes arias by bizet and verdi that fit well in the context of the movie .  br    br    ossessione  is a film to treasure because we see a great luchino visconti at the top of his form .  
  some spoilers  i have not read the james m . cain novel  the postman always rings twice   on which this movie was based  so i cannot compare this film version to it  but i have seen and love the     us version  also entitled postman   .  br    br   even better is this gem from italy  which  i have read  was mutilated  in editing because of too many blatant references to the fascist regime . well  no matter  what is left is a fine piece of cinema  apparently the forerunner of the neo  realist movement in film  making . one can certainly see why  despite whatever harsh editing did go on  a pervading sense of societal and cultural  as well as personal oppression remains  hanging heavy over the protagonists  who therefore face many limits in life .  br    br   consider gino  the young drifter  not well educated  unemployed  and resorting to stowing away  stealing and conning people in order to get by  his one pair of shoes so threadbare as to be virtually useless .  br    br   in giovanna  he sees a way out  yet he should have kept going  as giovanna is oppressed by her loveless marriage to an older man with some money  her job  working at the trattoria for her husband  slaving away behind the bar and in the kitchen   and her sex . in the past  she had limited options  and decided to marry the restaurant  gas station owner  giuseppe bregana  played by juan de landa  anyway  knowing that he would not make her happy . she tells gino that she feels sick every time bregana touches her .  br    br   on the pretext of helping bregana fix his car and sending him into the village to buy a needed part  which he has in fact pocketed   gino wins bregana  s favor  promising also to fix the broken water pump  water symbolizing life  or lack thereof  and is left alone with giovanna . they immediately start a heated  passionate  yet volatile love affair .  br    br   gino soon feels stifled by the relationship  and feels the need to move on again when giovanna proposes that they dispose of her husband . wanting no part of it  gino leaves town on a train ride that he cannot afford  kindly paid for him by another gypsy  type man named spagnolo  a fellow train passenger . to gino  spagnolo represents a sort of freedom  and they become friends  spagnolo also symbolizes gino  s morality and conscience   traveling and finding work at a carnival together . finally gino has steady employment . to his dismay  he is not yet over his love for giovanna   a month has passed when bregana and his wife go to the carnival and bregana persuades gino to go back home  to live and work with them again  as he is handy to have around .  br    br   too weak  willed to resist  knowing this will reunite he and giovanna  gino agrees and goes back to stay with the couple . after a while he gives in to gina  s demands to get rid of her husband . once the evil deed is done  giovanna becomes more cold  blooded than ever  seeming to have very little conscience  while guilt and shame eat away at gino for hurting a man who never did him any harm . as much as he wants to leave her  he does again briefly  they are now inextricably linked  and must face the consequences .  br    br   i liked the way the spagnolo character came back into gino  s life to act as a judge of his misdeeds  that was very good  and interesting  adding another dimension to the story .  br    br   while the    u . s . version with lana turner and john garfield gets a bit lost in a quagmire of peripheral characters  especially the cops and the lawyers  ossessione does well to concentrate much more on the psychological effects of the crime on the lovers alone . this gives the final outcome even more potency  and makes a powerful statement reinforcing the helplessness inherent in the society in which the characters must live .  br    br   a minor quibble the amount of time  hardly any  that elapses before undying love is pronounced by the lovers  how quickly they kill the husband  there is no botched first attempt as in the u . s . version   gino  s very quick  to  escalate relationship with the dancer  hooker  they quickly profess their love as well  and she is willing to risk a great deal for a man she just met   all rather unrealistic  isn  t it  i found this time  frame problem quite distracting  it made me think that i must have missed something somewhere . otherwise  well worth the viewer  s time . the acting and direction were both uniformly good throughout . recommended .  
visconti  s first feature  ossessione is an adaptation of james m . cain  s the postman always rings twice . now  i  m not familiar with that book or the other film versions  but i am a big fan of cain  s double indemnity  much more so than i am a fan of billy wilder  s film version of it  in fact  . the two novellas seem like they must be very similar . both involve an illicit love affair where a ravenous wife complains to a morally weak man that her husband is worthless and mean to her . giovanna  the woman in this italian version  played very well by clara calamai  is not evil incarnate like the wife in double indemnity  but she seems very spoiled . her husband  a great performance by juan de landa  is a bit cruel to her  but she strikes me like she is at least as uncompromising with him . he  s older than her and unattractive  so she  s rather fickle . when gino shows up  a young  muscular man  it takes her about five minutes to get him into bed . she sweats she wants to be with him forever  but she  s stuck with her husband . they break up at first  but when they meet again  they  apparently  although this is intentionally vague  plan to murder the husband . they are successful  and they move back to the woman  s home town to run the bar that her husband owned . gino is very unenthusiastic about this idea . he wants giovanna  but the one thing that he certainly doesn  t want is to sit around in one place for the rest of his life . their relationship quickly crumbles . ossessione is a very complex film with complex characters . it  s always fascinating  but it does go on a bit too long . at two hours and twenty  two minutes  i can  t  for the life of me  figure out how it took that long  this is partly due to the neorealist stylistics that visconti was inventing within this film . it was  after all  the first film that won that label . we see a lot of the action prolonged as it would be in real life  without any hurrying to the next plot point . i  ve seen many of visconti  s films  and the only one i like better than this one is rocco and his brothers       . his direction is as great as it ever was  with the camera moving brilliantly and the editing perfect . i also feel the need to point out the film  s best performance  by dhia christiani as a young  exotic  dancer and part  time prostitute named anita whom gino meets after he begins to try to break away from giovanna . she  s only in the film for maybe five or six minutes  and she has only a few lines . it  s shocking how much visconti and christiani are able to do with this character in such a short time . she  s absolutely heartbreaking .     .  
this is a haunting  powerful italian adaptation of james m . cain  s novel the postman always rings twice directed by the great luchino visconti . what is so interesting about the film is that in every way it transcends it  s source material to become something bolder and more original  interestingly camus also credits cain  s novel as the key inspiration for his landmark novel the stranger  . the film has a greater power and intensity than the novel because visconti is able to create the filmic equivalent of cain  s narrative structure but offer a more complex exploration of gender . cain  s very american novel is also uncritically fascinated with the construction of whiteness  the lead character cora is obsessively afraid she will be identified as a mexican and embarrassed that she married a greek immigrant   which is not relevant to the italian rural context that visconti is working in . this allows the class antagonisms to take center stage and dance among the embers of the passionate  doomed love affair of the two main characters . this film is a complex  suspenseful  rewarding experience .  
watching  ossessione  today   more than  decades later   is still a powerful experience  especially for those interested in movie history and more specifically on how italian filmmakers changed movies forever  roughly from  ossessione  and de sica  s  i bambini ci guardano   both      up to   years later with fellini  antonioni  pasolini  . visconti makes an amazing directing dbut  taking the  uncredited  plot of  the postman always rings twice  as a guide to the development of his own themes .  br    br   it strikes us even today how ahead of its time  ossessione  was . shot in fascist italy during world war ii  think about it     it depicted scenes and themes that caused the film to be immediately banned from theaters   and the fact that it used the plot of a famous american novel and payed no copyright didn  t help .  br    br    ossessione  alarmingly reveals poverty  ridden war  time italy  far from the idealized italy depicted in fascist  telefoni bianchi  movies   but it  s also extremely daring in its sexual frankness  with shirtless hunk gino  massimo girotti  who definitely precedes brando  s kowalski in  a streetcar named desire   taking giovanna  clara calamai   a married woman  to bed just  minutes after they first meet . we watch calamai  s unglamorous  matter  of  fact undressing and the subtle but undeniable homosexual hints between gino and lo spagnolo  elio marcuzzo  a very appealing actor  his face not unlike pierre clmenti  s  who was shot by the nazis in      at   years old   . . . in a few words sex  lust  greed and poverty  as relentlessly as it had rarely  if ever  been shown before in italian cinema .  br    br   all the copies of  ossessione  were destroyed soon after its opening   it was called scandalous and immoral . visconti managed to save a print  and when the film was re  released after the war  most critics called it the front  runner of the neo  realist movement  preceding rossellini  s  roma citt aperta  and de sica  s  sciusci  . some other critics  perhaps more appropriately  saw  ossessione  as the italian counterpart to the  poetic realism  of french cinema  remember visconti had been renoir  s assistant   especially marcel carn  s  quai des brumes  and  le jour se lve   and julien duvivier  s  pp le moko  .  br    br   while  ossessione  may be neo  realistic in its visual language  the depiction of war  time paesan life in italy with its popular fairs  poverty  child labor  prostitution  bums  swindlers etc   the characters and the themes were already decidedly viscontian . he was always more interested in tragic  passionate  obsessive  greedy characters  in social  political  sexual apartheid  in the decadence of the elites than in realistic   everyday  life  characters and themes  favored by desica and rossellini . in  ossessione  we already find elements of drama and tragedy later developed in many of his films  especially  senso   visconti  s definitive departure from neo  realist aesthetics  and  rocco e suoi fratelli  . . . even in his most  neo  realist  film   la terra trema   he makes his fishermen rise from day  to  day characters to mythological figures .  br    br    ossessione  is a good opportunity to confirm the theory about great artists whose body of work approaches  analyzes and develops specific themes and concerns over and over again  from their first to their last opus  no matter if the scenery  background or time  setting may change   visconti may play with the frame but the themes and essence of his art are  well  obsessively recurrent .  ossessione  is not to be missed you  ll surely be fascinated by this ground  breaking  powerful film .  
this is a really fun movie . one of those you can sit and mindlessly watch as the plot gets more and more twisted more and more funny . sally field  teri hatcher  in her hey  day   kevin klein  elisabeth shue  robert downey  jr . . . it  s all these well  known  quality actors acting as if they are soap opera stars  producers . if you have ever watched a soap opera and thought   how on earth did they come up with this idea     you will love this movie . i have seen it multiple times and each time i watch it  the more i appreciate the humor  the more i realize just how well  acted it really is . don  t expect oscar quality . this is a fun movie to entertain  not some artsy attempt at finding  man  s inner man   etc . sit back  relax  and laugh .  
well when watching this film late one night i was simple amazed by it  s greatness . fantastic script  great acting  costumes and special effects  and the plot twists  wow   in fact if you can see the ending coming you should become a writer yourself .  br    br   great  i would recommend this film to anyone  especially if i dont like them much .  br    br   terrific  
when i started watching the show i said  oh  no  it  s as corny as elfen lied and not even that bloody   . and indeed  the setup is almost identical  with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself  then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him .  br    br   but this is where the resemblance stops . the love story is almost as subtle and intense as the one in inuiyasha  while the childish remarks and behaviors are very few . the magical setup is a bit corny  because it  s about seven people  with seven servants  fighting for the holy grail  all servants being someone famous  half of all masters being from the same school  rules of engagement  etc . however  this soon dims and fades from the beauty of the drawing and of the script .  br    br   i actually watched all   episodes in one day and  without comparing it with animes that i liked more  but were from other genres  i have to say that i was very pleased .  
this anime seriously rocked my socks . when the anime first opened itself  i felt it was too slow the story wasn  t quite moving forward  and shirou was quite an unimpressive male lead . once he learns more about tracing  and you learn more about saber and the holy grail war itself  the story pans out and you can see multiple facets of it moving together . it was fantastic .  br    br   additionally  i felt that the way the characters developed was very true to form with the way real people develop  in the real world . there wasn  t any stupid completely obvious things going on the development of ilya and rin was interesting to watch  but i think the way shirou and saber grew in their certain personalities was just interesting to watch all on its on . a few of the  surprise  people that show up  gilgamesh   seemed to also be unique from the rest of the cast in one way or another  meaning we didn  t have  generic bad  ass a  being replaced by  generic bad  ass b  as soon as a died .  br    br   anddd  i loved the music . the opening music rocked  and the finishing theme from the final episode just . . . seriously pushed forward the theme of the last episode even more . good job  type  moon   
fate  stay night is an animated series inspired by a h  game . somehow the producers turned it around making this a successful series without any of the h  stuff . it couldn  t have been any other way because the development of the characters is great just the way it  s pictured in this series and any alteration of that could only ruin perfection .  you  ll understand once you see all the episodes  .  br    br   despite a relatively slow start  the producer took his time on presenting the characters  things gain momentum quickly and soon after mid  series the action gets so intense that glues you to your seat .  br    br   the topic of the series concentrates on the war of holy grail that has been taking place in the fukuky city for the last   years . the pilot actually starts with the conclusion of the previous war and develops from there on . shiro is the only survivor of the fire that started during the last battle and enveloped a large portion of the city . he unwillingly witnesses a fight between two servants that triggers his reiju  holy mark  to summon one of the most powerful servants of the battlefield  saber . his first contact with saber left him stunned  such immeasurable beauty . . . i was at a lost for words  .  br    br   you mustn  t compare this series with any other to fully understand it  s plot . fsn offers much more than some cool sword fights  good animation  spectacular lights  great soundtrack  it offers excellent character and relationship development . it presents the changes that take place within the characters personalities as the events precipitate . the action reveals believable dynamic emotional and behavioral patterns of the individuals  not similar to the linear type other series use  that are constantly shaping their personalities to reveal  from under the mask of perfection  flawed characters .  br    br   the saber character is tied to a medieval legend that has been altered to fit this series and should be accepted as such . you shouldn  t watch fsn thinking that it doesn  t present the viewer with the historic fact  just remember that this is adventure  fantasy series and not a documentary and enjoy this as long as you can . the ending is sudden and unexpected and if there were twice as many episodes i would have watched them in the same breath .  
i have to agree with everyone else that has posted .  br    br   i watched it quite a while ago but i  ll tell you  whenever i hear certain music from this anime i am reminded of the story  the beautiful animation  the characters and the feeling i got when watching it  and it does make me cry  such a happy yet sad feeling  . i do however find that the love story in it felt alittle rushed and they didn  t explain things properly but it didn  t ruin any part of the viewing experience .  br    br   i was into this anime so much that after the end i just had to do some research  and watch the ending a few more times  and i found all my answers and a whole lot more . i love how they configured historical legends to fit into this anime  it was amazing and just made me want to research a whole lot more .  i  ve always been very interested in certain historical figures associated with this anime   br    br   i do think it should have been a longer series but if this is all they had to work with then they pulled it off nicely . i  d recommend this to anyone who likes emotional anime with an excellent story  well built characters  some mysterious  and a bit of fantasy action .  br    br   also  even though this was based on a h  game it doesn  t have any of that stuff in it and i actually prefer it this way .  i have no problem with mature anime  in most cases i prefer it   
when i first heard about this series on animetv  i have to say that out of all the shows that i have seen  this one tops it all off . i had to see this show  and that is what i really did . when i got the first volume of this show  it was the best . i really liked the animation  and all the fight scenes were awesome . i have to say that my favorite characters in the show were saber  and archer and of course i also like illya . and of course  all the episodes on the volumes were interesting  and very cool . another thing i have to say about the series is michael mcconnohie  famous for transformers  and others  playing the voice of berserker . he does have a cool character . and i even watched the entire series all over again before watching the final volume . so if you to see something good  then see this show  it  s the best .  
i  ve watched the first   episodes and this series is simply amazing  i haven  t been this interested in an anime series since neon genesis evangelion . this series is actually based off an h  game  which i  m not sure if it  s been done before or not  i haven  t played the game  but from what i  ve heard it follows it very well .  br    br   i give this series a      . it has a great story  interesting characters  and some of the best animation i  ve seen . it also has some great japanese music in it too   br    br   if you haven  t seen this series yet  check it out . you can find subbed episodes on some anime websites out there  it  s straight out of japan .  
this movie probably had a     budget  and still managed to surpass titanic . i rented this the day i crashed my mom  s car  and it was the only thing that cheered me up beyond belief  it has to be tied with  the assult of the killer bimbos  . things to look for are  . the drive in blow job chinese girl scene  . the bleach blonde in the sassoon shirt who never changes  . the flinstone  like screech out driving  . the clashing ensemble worn by the redhead right before she gets killed  don  t worry  i  m not ruining any surprises  for it  s soooo predictable   . the guy who finds it necessary to howl .  . the mental patient who plays a convincing job of being insane by poking out the eyes of a maniquen .  . the hour long chase at the end involving the teacher and the priest .  . the womman writing grafitti on the bathroom wall .  . last  but not least  the wonderful special effects   especially the stab in the boob that made a . . . heaven help me . . . popping noise .  br    br   enjoy   br    br    
this movie is great . if you enjoy watching b  class movies  that is . this is a classic college    s slasher movie  in which one song is played throughout the entire soundtrack . a horrible film  but worth renting to make fun of  or just to watch old men pop out of closets with knives . kinda funny  if you ask me .  
the combination of the superb black and white photography and the  eugene onegin with a twist  plot made this a real knock out for me . the atmosphere created by the mostly very dark shots contrasted with occasional very bright overexposed white was gripping . there was a superb moment where where transparencies  apparently conventional holiday snaps but where the faces of the actors revealed character and situation subtly but instantly  were shown accompanied by lensky  s heart  wrenching aria from the tschaikowsky opera eugene onegin .  br    br   for me the mark of a good film is that it should take advantage of the opportunities presented by that medium  which means that often the story is less important than imagery and atmosphere  last year in marienbad is a good example of such a film . krisana is in the same mould .  
its hollywood imitating daytiem soap operas at its finest  its the fun that we never see . great characters and great lines . whoopi is hilarious . . . . . sally field is so over the top . . . . gary marshalls lines are a riot . . . . this is what i love about good comedies . never afraid to poke fun at themselves       the sets were great . . . . wardrobe was on point and the backstabbing  montana morehead  was a devilish delight . terri hatcher as  dr . monica demonico  didn  t have enough lines but none the less still gorgeous and fun when on screen . i would love to know how the idea for this movie came up . never have i seen a cast of people have so much fun in making comedy work  soapdish is a must have and i am waiting for the dvd     
this is a lovely tale of guilt  driven obsession .  br    br   matiss  on a lonely night stroll in riga    passes by a woman on the wrong side of a bridge railing . he passes by without a word . only the splash in the water followed by a cry for help causes him to act . and then only too little and too late .  br    br   the film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman . on a troll of local bars  he finds her pocketbook . he pieces more and more of her life together . his  look  changes as his obsession grows . he has to make things right . in a marvelously filmed dialog with the  bastard ex  boyfriend  he forces alexej to face up to the guilt that both feel .  br    br   haunting long takes  a gritty soundtrack to accentuate the guilt  barking dogs . footsteps . lovely film noir with a lovely twist . a good indie ending .  
i am normally not compelled to write a review for a film  but the only commentary for this film thus far on is rather unfair  so i feel it necessary to share my point of view .  br    br    krisana   or as it was titled at the theater i saw it   fallen   follows matiss  a lonely latvian archivist  as he tries to learn about a woman whom he didn  t try to stop from jumping off a bridge  as well as her reasons for doing so . that  s the plot in a nutshell  but this film is not concerned with story as much it is in depicting the guilt of a man who failed to act . as a detective who investigates the incident tells him  we usually don  t bother to care about the anonymous faces we pass every day until after they die .  br    br   comparisons to michaelango antonioni and his  blowup  will most likely abound in any review you read about  krisana .  the influence of antonioni  s philosophical and austere style and the story of  blowup  are clear and  in fact  writer  director fred kelemen makes an obvious reference to that film in scenes in which matiss attempts to come to know the woman who jumped off the bridge  or at least who he thinks did .  br    br   the only other person to share his or her views on the film detracts the  college film class  look and sound of the film . he or she neglects to consider the budgetary constraints that an existentialist latvian film most likely faces  but the atmospheric black and white cinematography and ambient sound succeeds at an artistic level to depict the solitude of matiss . the background sound of wind and street noises lend an ominous aura and reminds one of a fellini film  whether or not that was kelemen  s intention . the filmmakers undoubtedly had little money  but this constraint is used to the film  s advantage .  br    br    krisana  succeeds as a character study with enough humor thrown in to keep it from being too self  serious . it could have easily fell into the trappings of a mystery story  but it avoids that and becomes an intelligent film about loneliness and guilt . if you are more concerned with plot  this film and its ending may frustrate you . otherwise  take the time to be engaged by it . it is well  worth seeking out .  
a very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between . as a child of divorced parents i was totally relating to events in the film . also  a really cool zombie twist which i thought was very original . i  m tired of the same old stuff in movies . a very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between . as a child of divorced parents i was totally relating to events in the film . also  a really cool zombie twist which i thought was very original . i  m tired of the same old stuff in movies . a very realistic portrait of a broken family and the effect it has on the kid caught in between . as a child of divorced parents i was totally relating to events in the film . also  a really cool zombie twist which i thought was very original . i  m tired of the same old stuff in movies .  
just kidding about the weight loss thing well  you might lose weight you never know . anyway  what can i say  i love this film . it has that same sense of youth and innocence found in films like stand by me and the goonies . jake  s closet illustrates the beauty of life  s simple things and how often we overlook them . the film reminds us what it  s like to see the world through children  s eyes and all the magic  mystery  and horror they perceive . jake  s closet presents a tale uniquely human in its compassion that anyone who  s had a childhood can both relate to and fall in love with . watch it with friends watch it with loved ones build a fort  wine optional .  
i would say that this film gives an insight to the trauma that a young mind can face when a family is split by divorce or other disaster . i would highly recommend this film especially to parents or individuals planning to have a family .  br    br   i found the characters to be appealing and highly sympathetic from a multitude of dimensions .  br    br   the scary monster although probably not scary to most adults  has a very real hint of what the overactive imagination of a child who is facing unknown terrors might create .  br    br   i found the film to be delightful   
jake  s closet has the emotional power of kramer vs . kramer combined with the imagination of pan  s labyrinth . even the beginning special effect seems to give a nod to pan  s labyrinth . but this is a story that takes place in modern times  not in a war sixty years ago and in that way it has even more resonance today . jake  s closet is about a boy  an only child  practically alone on summer vacation  dealing with his family falling apart . it  s a horror movie like the others and the sixth sense  a horror movie for the thinking person . if you  re looking for a slasher movie  this won  t be your cup of tea but if you  re looking for a story that is both touching and suspenseful with good acting  this is the movie for you . at the screening i saw  i swear there was one moment where the entire audience screamed . i highly recommend catching this film .  
answer despite that fact that this film was written and directed by a woman  your ex is creepier  nastier  and more irrational than any zombie that ever lurched the earth .  br    br   the acting in this independent film actually is quite good  despite the less  than  wonderful script . it takes a pretty good actor to deliver an overwritten  clichd line and make it sound vaguely believable . young anthony de marco  as jake  puts in a particularly good performance .  br    br   fortunately  the plot of this film is a lot better than the dialog . try it  especially if you  re not a monster fan . this is not a horror flick . even though all the adult females are pretty monstrous  and although all the adult males act as if their brains were eaten in some earlier zombie film   jake  s closet  is suitable for mature adults .  br    br   the whole  this time  is much better than the sum of its parts .  
i  d never seen an independent movie and i was really impressed by the writing  acting and cinematography of jake  s closet .  br    br   the emotions were very real and intense showing  through a child  s eyes  the harsh impact of divorce .  br    br   a definite see   br    br   i  d never seen an independent movie and i was really impressed by the writing  acting and cinematography of jake  s closet .  br    br   the emotions were very real and intense showing  through a child  s eyes  the harsh impact of divorce .  br    br   a definite see   
i saw this at  dances with films   and it was awesome . i really felt for jake . talk about adding insult to injury  not only are your parents getting divorced  but there  s a monster after you .  br    br   it was both heartfelt and scary   there were several moments where the audience screamed in genuine fright . it kind of reminded me of a japanese horror film  except that the story was actually good .  br    br   and that  s what separated  jake  s closet  from the usual indy film pabulum   an excellent script with compelling characters . also  by mixing elements of the horror film with family drama  the movie gets the best out of both genres  and avoids the clichs of both .  br    br   if it  s not coming out in theaters  definitely get the dvd .  
anyone who has experienced the terrors of divorce will empathize with this indie film  s protagonist  a scared little boy who believes a zombie is hiding in his closet . is jake  a mesmerizing anthony demarco  simply  transferring  the trauma of two bickering parents to an understandable image  or could the creature be real  writer  director shelli ryan neatly balances both possibilities and keeps the audience guessing . her choice of using one setting  a suburban house  adds to the feeling of desperation and claustrophobia .  br    br   brooke bloom and peter sean bridgers are highly convincing as the angry  but loving parents . however it is the creepy minor characters  mrs . bender  barbara gruen   an unhinged babysitter and sam stone  ben bode   a sleazy real estate agent that linger in the mind . jake  s closet is a darkly inspired portrait of childhood as a special kind of hell .  
this is a delightful movie that is so over  the  top that my wife  daughter  and i found it irresistible . the plot is just crazy but  rings true  to the world of soap operas in all its outrageous improbabilities and impossibilities .  br    br   i particularly enjoyed kevin kline  s and sally field  s performances . i don  t anyone better than kline at playing thickheaded . field  s character  s truly desperate need for attention and affirmation   and her almost bipolar swings in mood   played nicely against the background of field  s famous  infamous    you like me   oscar exclamation . people who can take themselves with such a large grain of salt are all too rare in this world .  br    br   i think this is the only movie where i didn  t find myself impatient with whoopi goldberg characterization i thought she was  spot on  in every note she struck . robert downey jr .  teri hatcher  cathy moriarty  and elizabeth shue were also first  rate as well . just a great movie if you  re in the mood to go along for the ride and laugh   
every child experiences trauma growing up and every child  s active imagination has gotten the best of them  but for jake  anthony de marco  of the forthcoming clint eastwood film changeling  who resembles henry thomas circa      the combination may prove deadly .  br    br   a lonely six year old whose imagination kicks into high gear when he is crestfallen to learn his quarrelling parents peter  sean bridgers  late of  deadwood   and jules  brooke bloom   cbs miami   suddenly decide to divorce  leaving him to his own devices and unleashing a new tenant  a zombie in his closet .  br    br   jake actually gets this seed planted while playing with neighborhood friend dillon  matthew josten  who provides him with a print out off the internet of faq re zombies . jake is so convinced that one is out to get him  and his family  he begins to hatch a plan of action to protect them before it  s too late .  br    br   indie newcomer shelli ryan  who wrote and directed  blends domestic drama with underlings of horror but the former  smartly  outweighs the latter  with a decent story buoyed by fine acting  de marco is the rare breed of child actor where he is a child and not  acting   all his nuances are very evident of the awkward  shy  introverted child that many can relate too  i certainly can  . bridgers makes his cheating husband empathetic in the realization he really loves his son while bloom has the more difficult job of building sympathy as the somewhat lackadaisical mother who is quick to emotions over rationality  it doesn  t help when dillon  s mother ruth  monette magrath  who resembles laura dern  is constantly feeding her implied information driving a wedge between jake and his dad . magrath also has a tough task to make her manipulative character relatively likable but she proves to in a revealing scene that i won  t go into detail but shows why she is the way she is  and more importantly how she has also affected her own child  .  br    br   the fillmmaker  s subjective camera is also well employed  many angles shown form jake  s pov at waist  level or somewhat skewed i . e . the upside down shot of peter carrying his son in the same position while having some fun in the backyard   and the editing is relatively flawless .  br    br   ryan based the screenplay on personal experiences growing up and also witnessing first hand account of a friend going through the same situation and how the affects of adult relationships can be harmful if inflicting their fears  anger and stress onto their children . here the film is very successful in getting its theme across .  br    br   however the horror underpinnings are a little disjointed to say the least but the homage to george a . romero  s zombie films are shown lovingly by ryan  jake  s mom is asleep in front of the tv as night of the living dead unspools  causing his own belief of the undead to be in their home  . the metaphor of a monster acting as surrogate to domestic abuse may be a bit heavy  handed but again  the child  s fear of a thing under his bed is universal .  
this may just be the most nostalgic journey back in time  through time to when one  s childhood starts a journey to reminiscences back  forth onwards  upwards  forwards  backwards  up  down  all around . the boy jimmy  h . r . puffinstuff  dr . blinky  cling  clang  ludicrous lion   even the evil witchie poo too through  through . the latter day inspirations of lidsville   the brady kids saturday morning preview special  sigmund  the sea monsters  and land of the lost both the new  old are what this very show bridged the gap to as well as the donny  marie show  the brady bunch variety hour a . k . a . brady bunch hour  even the paul lynde halloween special . maybe even other things in between  beyond the buck just keeps on moving on  on  even beyond expectations  as well as unexpected bounds . now as we get updated in march of    we know that jack wild  s gone  so now it make  s it even more symbolic for us to really get nostalgic . including now in august of    both when jack wild guest stars as himself on sigmund and the sea monsters as well as when on a latter episode h . r . puffinstuff does too and to recall all of the other nostalgic journeys of all the syd  marty kroft characters as well including the h . r . puffinstuff goodtime clubthe donny and marie showthe brady bunch variety hour a . k . a . the brady bunch houretc . truthfully  stephen  steve  g . baer a . k . a .  ste  of framingham  ma . usa .  
i used to watch pufnstuf every weekend when i was about   . it was on right after bay city rollers . i saw it come on to family channel one day  and taped it for my then three  year old daughter . i  d forgotten all the things i  d loved as a child  the magic flute  the zoom broom  witcheepoo  s makeup .  br    br   this show is decidedly low tech . the mayor is surely a precedent to mayor mccheese  and everyone is a stuffed creature with annoying googly eyes . but kids love this stuff . they would way  way rather watch a guy work a sock puppet than sit in front of high  tech computer animation . there is  mild  slapstick  but no adult themes such as sex or people dying  and kids accept jimmy  s schemes . kids think it would be neat to carry a bag of smoke around and convince someone their house was on fire  and i loved how every time my daughter saw a jet stream in the sky she thought witchypoo was flying overhead . the music is old  but you really get used to it  and my daughter really loved it . she used to sing  different is hard  different is lonely  in the car . my daughter watched this show at least once a day for about  months  and it  s still one of her favourites .  br    br   i see that a new pufnstuf     is in the works . i really hope they try to keep the old flavour and don  t do anything like computer  animating characters etc . i think a whole new generation would love pufnstuf .  
i remember seeing this on tv in the late   s  and it stayed with me  it  s charming  loud  colourful  a great kids film . i put it on for some friends at a party recently  and naturally they thought i was mad and expected something sick to happen to the puppets a la  meet the feebles  but no  its wholesome clean fun .  br    br   jack wild is in fine form  as is mama cass  and the somehow attractive witchy poo .  br    br   if you like the banana splits and you are in your    s this will re  create that surreal childhood saturday morning vibe   br    br   even if i  ve realised now that puf himself is a bit crap  as all he does is get captured and run away  quality tv movie  if  like me  you are into death metal  you  ll love it   
pufnstuf is what it is . i saw this in the cinema at age  and i have very fond  and vivid  memories of it . seeing this as as adult allows one to catch the references that are way over the heads of the target audience  like the bit where jimmy  s grey witch wig is ripped off and witch hazel  cass  sneers  i knew she had brown roots   . it is of course heavily influenced by the flower power culture of the time  and in some ways quite progressive . the track different  for example sends a clear message to the young viewers about being yourself  not running with the pack  and cherishing what is is about yourself that is different . this could be an anthem to the gay community  it should be  great track .  br    br   martha raye  cass elliot and billie hayes are all great as witches  and the living island cast give it their all in the confines of their character suits  includes billy barty  felix silla and other famous names  . there is a lot of over acting in this film  there  s really nothing subtle  and when little jack wild has to emote his concern for the kidnapped residents of living island it  s really little more than yelling . this is drama and comedy spread on with a trowel . while i think of it  i never could stand the flute though .  br    br   i love the soundtrack  especially the above mentioned different but also zap the world  pufnstuf and even jack wild  s touching if i could . what  s more  it is now out on cd from the tasteful people at el records in london . see here for more www . cherryred . co . uk  el  artists  pufnstuf . htm  
this is why i still have nightmares .  br    br   this terrifying film  a musical  was considered appropriate for children in the     s .  br    br   a boy leaves on a magical journey to an island . the mayor of the island  pufnstuf  allegedly a dragon  looking more like a newt with conjunctivitis to me  and a magic talking flute are targeted by a witch  billie halliday  who was considered  a bit of alright  at the time  .  br    br   the flute is recovered at an  interesting  witches convention  with the witches having a gay old time . the boy dresses in drag then as a  fairy  to recover the flute .  br    br   not suitable for children .  
i grew up with h . r . pufnstuff and the dashingly talented jack wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of jack wild too . this movie is exactly what movies should be fun and entertaining . this movie is not limited to children either . a lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and witchiepoo  s performance is something you do not want to miss . the music in this movie suited jack wild and mama cass beautifully . and as a jack wild fan  i would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing . knowing the hard life that jack had now makes this movie even more wonderful especially when he sings the opening song  if i could  . it makes me pause in loving adoration for him for giving me wonderful childhood memories that i am now passing on to my children . let  s all go to living island where there is friendship and fun  and keep jack wild  s memory alive by passing pufnstuff on to others .  
i two came home from school fast as i could to catch hrpuff and stuff on t . v . that was the most fun time in my life is to watch hrpuff and stuff on t . v . growing up still love it today i am   years old . this year . . . . . .  
i absolutely loved this movie when i was a kid . i cried every time i watched it . it wasn  t weird to me . i totally identified with the characters . i would love to see it again  and hope i wont be disappointed   . pufnstuf rocks     i was really drawn in to the fantasy world . and to me the movie was loooong . i wonder if i ever saw the series and have confused them  the acting i thought was strong . i loved jack wilde . he was so dreamy to an   year old  when i first saw the movie  not in     . i can still remember the characters vividly . the flute was totally believable and i can still  feel  the evil woods . witchy poo was scary  i wouldn  t want to cross her path .  
this film may have a questionable pedigree because it was made for tv  but it is one of the best movies i  ve seen . the film and its actors won several awards . it is gripping  fascinating  and it will absorb you completely . the story of a chase for a killer in iron  curtain russia by people who are willing to risk their careers to try to save lives of future victims would be a compelling story if it were fiction   but it  s ostensibly a true story . i highly recommend it .  
the only part lacking in this movie is shue  s part as the daughter wanting to follow in her  aunt  s  footsteps as a daytime soap star . otherwise it would be a perfect   .  br    br   it seems that every actor enjoyed their parts and overacting to fulfill their own enjoyment as well as the script  i have to wonder if a little ad lib  ing wasn  t taking place in parts . it was well cast and there are some classic lines that will stick with you .  br    br   it  s a fantastic movie everyone should see at least once . i  d recommend not drinking anything that would sting coming out your nose .  br    br   you  ll definitely want to watch the last scene closely   nurse nan  has a little secret she  d rather not have shared with you .  br    br   if you love daytime soaps or despise them  this move pokes fun in all the right places .  
steven rea plays a forensic scientist thrust on the job in sovie russia in     . . in the very first hours of his job a body of a murdered girl is brought in . . he has his workers go back to look for evidence and they bring back five more bodies . . this starts the story of the hunt for one of the worst serial killers in modern day history . . it is a stark depressing dark movie that explores how the bureaucracy of the old soviet union indirectly contributed or caused the deaths of many of the killers victims . it also explores in donald sutherland  s character how the proper usage of bureaucracy in a communist govt can help achieve the ultimate goal of finding a monster a gripping movie not for all but for those who like a good detective story that will hold your interest this is definitely a must see on a scale of one to ten . .   
excellent film . the whole picture was filmed in budapest  so i feel proud . my little problem was that the trains in the film belonged to the hungarian state railways  mv   and it is plain to see that they were used in big train  not in the local railway  according to the story chikatilo picked up his victims in local railway stations . apart from this  the film is superb .  
this is a fascinating account of the hunt for the soviet union  s first known serial killer . i had tuned in  just expecting a half  decent tv movie  but found myself drawn by the compelling way the story was told . as others have said  there is much to admire here that is sadly lacking in many big screen releases .  br    br   much of the credit must go to chris gerolmo  whose intelligent screenplay and direction draw the viewer in  until it is impossible not to feel emotionally involved . the acting by the whole cast is also superb  especially that of the two leads  stephen rea and donald sutherland . their convincing portrayals give their character arcs a great deal of credibility  and the scene where they have their first committee meeting after perestroika is genuinely touching .  br    br   if you prefer your crime films with a bit more depth and a little less sheen  i strongly recommend you look out for  citizen x  .  br    br    
this movie was excellent . it details the struggle between a committed detective against the dedicated ignorance of the corrupted communist regime in russia during the    s . i give this movie high marks for it  s no  holds  barred look into the birth and development of forensic investigation in a globally isolated  thanks to the  regime   community . this is a graphic movie . it presents an unsensationalized picture of violence and it  s tragic remains . nothing is  candy  coated  with overdone blood or gore to separate us from the cruel reality on the screen . this movie is based on russian serial killer andrei chikatilo . i  m familiar enough with the true story to have a very deep appreciation for how real they kept the film . it  s not a comedy  but for those who appreciate dry and dark humor  this movie is a must  see .  
citizenx       is the developing world  s answer to silence of the lambs . where silence  terrorized our peace of mind  citizen  exhausts and saddens us instead . this dramatization of the chikatilo case translates rather well  thanks to a westernized friendship between two rostov cops who become equals .  br    br   citizenx may also argue against    the death penalty far better than kevin spacey  s the life of david gayle       .  br    br   humans are machiavellian mammals  under which lie limbic brains  lizard  logic  . why did two kids  who knew better  stone to death a toddler they kidnapped  why do bloodthirsty women yell li  lilililililii  at acts of obscene terrorism   my own term for this is limbic domination   the lizard  logic urge to dominate an enemy  . if you have the words enemy   vengeance  in your vocabulary  you  re easily capable of limbic domination  .  br    br   in wwii  devastated     s rostov  located at the mouth of the don river near the black sea   nothing suppressed andrei chikatilo  s urge for limbic domination  from overpowering his layers of civilization . chikatilo  jeffrey demunn   s easy victims were paupers  usually children  who rode the interurban train for fun  since they couldn  t afford anything else .  br    br   citizenx reminds us that the denials of a rampant soviet bureaucracy cost the lives of   such lambs  . rostov  s serial killer roamed free for almost  years after the police arrested and let him go .  br    br   the politicization of crimefighting is harmful to police forces everywhere . although policing routinely suffers from corruption all over the world  in the west  vote  grabbing by politicians can set up chronic inter  agency rivalries  stymieing a more coordinated response to crime . in the soviet union of citizenx  however  viktor burakov  stephen rea   s killer department was suffering from a repressive bureaucracy .  br    br   geoffrey demunn plays the psychosexually inadequate chikatilo with faultless but understated authority   to the point of complete obscurity . in real life  too  chikatilo had a lifetime  s experience blending in and evading capture .  br    br   his pursuer  on the other hand  sticks out as a strange bird  given to unheralded  naive outbursts . perhaps by design  stephen rea gives a very strange performance as forensics chief burakov . rea  s russian accent is impenetrable and his burakov is humourless and sullen  at odds with everyone .  br    br   so it  s donald sutherland who walks away with the picture . sutherland  s col . fetisov  burakov  s boss  and at first his only supporter  is an overly restrained  patient militiaman whose dignified carriage bears testimony to decades of bureaucratic machinations . his reawakening as a logic  driven yet still passionate cop becomes the film  s cornerstone idealism .  br    br   joss ackland does another turn as a vicious apparatchik  secretary of communist ideology bondarchuk  overseeing the investigation . naturally  he quashed the arrest of the most likely suspect  a communist  in      a man carrying rope and a knife in his bag  supposedly going home andrei chikatilo .  br    br   soon  he replaced burakov with another moscow apparatchik  detective gorbunov  john wood   insisting that the investigation now focus on known homosexuals  . the funniest scene of this sad  sad film comes during bondarchuk  s  gorbunov  s institutionalized harassment one stupid cop earnestly reports  as i suspected  comrade  it  s fornication . i  ve made some drawings    cue howling laughter .  br    br    yrs after the bodies began piling up  in      the police finally tried soliciting criminal profiles . the only cooperating soviet psychiatrist was dr aleksandr bukhanovsky  max von sydow   who termed the unsub citizenx  . he later also observed to fetisov  burakov that  . . . together you make a wonderful person  . we concur .  br    br   the drawn  out pace  spread over a decade  perfectly captures the institutional inertia of glasnost   openness    that wasn  t . the contrast with perestroika   restructuring    couldn  t  ve been greater for the case . although chikatilo was still prowling railway stations  police plans were about to bear fruit .  br    br   in      col . fetisov was expeditiously promoted to general . his nemesis bondarchuk disappeared off the scene  allowing the investigation to finally proceed without political interference . staff  communications  publicity   suddenly all were available . in just one night of telephoning around  fetisov got his depressed forensics chief access to the fbi  s serial murder task force at quantico  where  fetisov discovered  staff are regularly rotated off serial murder cases to stave off just such psychological damage to investigators .  br    br   fetisov advises his newly promoted forensics chief  now colonel  burakov  of all these changes in an avalanche of confession that becomes the movie  s powerhouse watershed scene . fetisov  s is the most tender apology i  ve ever seen on film privately  i offer my deepest apologies to you and your wife . i hope that someday you can forgive me my ignorance   he almost whispers .  br    br   a hbo production  citizenx is a film of the highest caliber . not only do the exteriors look authentically bleak  shot exclusively in the most run  down parts of otherwise spectacular budapest   but randy edelman  s soaring soundtrack is entirely overwhelming   and frequently our only respite from the bleak brutality . those who speak hungarian will recognize the many hungarian accents and credits .  br    br   chikatilo  s actual murders are depicted as bleak  aberrant behaviour born of character flaws and ignorance in an equally bleak world . this makes the murders seem not  entirely  out  of  place   but of course they were . as president kennedy reminded us  we all cherish the futures of our children  .  br    br   citizenx communicates perfectly that killing is far more grisly and obscene than any vengeance fantasy might imply . serial rapists rape to dominate serial killers kill to dominate . so do some soldiers . such limbic dominators  make poor humans .  br    br   warning  spoiler                                                the real andrei chikatilo was the world  s most prolific known serial killer . convicted  he was executed in     in the manner of all soviet union death sentences one shot  in the back of the head . foolishly  such methods destroy any possibility of studying a deviant brain after death .  br    br   conclusion                                                             the best outcome is always the prevention of killings  not their prosecution . executions merely guarantee society  s failure to learn from the complex reality of victims  deaths when we dispatch even anecdotal evidence of how  why they died . nor do killers learn regret if they  re dead .  br    br   vengeance doesn  t unkill victims . baying for the killer  s blood constitutes nothing better than counter  domination   once it  s too late .  br    br   vengeance on behalf of the grieving isn  t justice for the deceased   it  s appeasement of the living .         
i was surprised at how fascinating this movie was . the performances were extremely good  especially by rea as the compassionate no  nonsense detective .  br    br   despite a low budget  no big fx or flashy camerawork  citizen x somehow manages to surpass the majority of similar big hollywood films by just . telling . the . story .  br    br   true stories tend to end with a whimper rather than a bang  and that  s the case here  but apart from that  this is a highly recommended detective yarn .  
this is an excellent movie . it is about many things the hunt for a serial killer  the bureacracy of soviet russia  the drive of one man  and the relationship between this man  the lead detective  and his superior .  br    br   the thing that sticks with me the most is the relationship between durokov  rea  and fetisov  sutherland   excuse bad spelling  please   . for some reason  it is moving to see their evolution from hostility and offense turning into respect and cameraderie and working together . one line in the movie sums it up for me  he would say something witty  but he is overcome with emotion .   br    br   excellent acting by all of the cast  even the smallest parts were done with believability .  br    br   this is not a fast  paced action thriller in fact  it moves at times like a slow drama  but it is worth it . very satisfying and not exploitative about the crimes at all .  br    br    
  citizen x  is the superbly told true story of the hunt for one of history  s worst serial killers . what makes this story even more compelling is where and when it took place the soviet union in the      s .  br    br    mild spoilers   br    br   viktor burakov  magnificently played by stephen rea  is a newly promoted forensic investigator for the rostov oblast militia . he discovers past and present unsolved murders  apparently by the same person . the murders are unsolved because no one has ever taken the trouble to properly investigate the evidence . he is driven to find and stop the killer . his only tools are his dedication  skill and honesty . his obstacles are the corruption and political ideology of the soviet system that discourages the search for truth . his naivet would have led to failure were it not for his boss  col . mikhail fetisov  donald sutherland  . fetisov is a politically astute cynic who understands the game and knows how to deal with the soviet bureaucracy . however  he also shares burakov  s desire to bring a murderer to justice  even if the official party line is  there are no serial killers in the soviet union    br    br   the cast is outstanding . the locations and sets are perfect recreations of latter day soviet life . randy edelman  s score is particularly good .  br    br   more important  this film shows a dark and disturbing criminal phenomenon with both intensity and poignancy . this was a made  for  cable movie by hbo films and they have become a great resource for films that would otherwise never be made .  
the poor dvd video quality is the only reason why i gave this movie a  instead of a   . that could have been so much better  this movie deserves it .  br    br   this is truly a movie that covers several themes simultaneously . if you do not like movies about serial killers  but are fascinated by the astonishing bureaucratic culture in the former sovjet union  this movie is a must  see anyway .  br    br   i can  t compare it to  silence of the lambs  for several reasons . the way the serial killer is portrayed  has been done far much better in citizen x . you see several details of his private life  because you  travel  along with the killer  which gives you some idea of the source of his constant anger and sexual frustration .  br    br   the only other movie i have seen that is as realistic as this one was  henry  portrait of a serial killer  . if you were fascinated by that movie you definitely need to take a look at citizen x .  
citizen x tells the real life drama of the search for a serial killer dubbed  the rostov ripper  this great film shows the long journey it took to try to apprehend a killer . the film shows how politics may haver helped the killer to continue his rampage for over   years .  possibly over   victims  mostly women and children  the performances of stephen rea as the lead detective and donald sutherland as the overall investigation lead was superb . jeffrey demunn as the ripper andrei romanovich chikatilo . this is the type of film which will mesmerize you and immediately have you on the internet researching the real case . this a film not to be missed . it debuted i believe on hbo and never did get a theatrical release to my understanding . great film  
i first saw this in the movie theater when it came out  and the crowd was really into the movie which made the experience all the more fun . this is a great cast of characters  many big names in it  a few of which were not as recognized then as they are now . i think it  s a great idea if you follow any of these actors  or have loved them in other movies  to add it to your watched list . some of the scenes actually remind me of the type of well  done comedy as in the birdcage or even the clue  kind of odd spontaneous  appearing comedy  with some really professional delivery from these beloved actors . the movie did a great job at giving you some insight  perhaps even very realistic  into the culture of a daytime soap .  
chris gerolmo took care not to simply give us a jack  the  stripper  type of list of murdered people he delved into the psychological characterization with convincing results . perhaps mostly due to stephen rea  s excellent performance playing off against donald sutherland with good empathy by both . it was the playing of these two parts  above all  which made the film something more than just a morbid account of the history of the butcher of rostov . supporting actors  especially max von sydow  carried out their parts really well . good directing . the photography was good too . needless to say  the fact that the film was shot in hungary was bound to produce a couple of aberrations  but  frankly  given the depth of the story  telling and interpretations  we can completely forget these little trivialia .  br    br   for once  a made for tv film from hbo has come up trumps . recommended  especially if you like to analyse characteriology and forget some of the morbid scenes  which  i hasten to add  are never exaggerated .  
though i saw this movie years ago  its impact has never left me . stephen rea  s depiction of an invetigator is deep and moving . his anguish at not being able to stop the deaths is palpable . everyone in the cast is amazing from sutherland who tries to accommodate him and provide ways for the police to coordinate their efforts  to the troubled citizen x . each day when we are bombarded with stories of mass murderers  i think of this film and the exhausting work the people do who try to find the killers .  
i believe this is the most powerful film hbo pictures has made to date . this film should have been released in theaters for the public to view on the big screen . it is available on video so make sure you look for it and check it out . chris gerolmo did a great job with the direction and the screenplay . the performances from stephen rea  donald sutherland and jeffery demunn are flawless . a masterpiece of the genre .  
imagine being so hampered by a bureaucracy that a one man spends  year  s of his life  and has a mental breakdown trying to solve a mass murder case virtually by himself  the murder technique is clear  but a government unwilling to admit the truth let  s a monster destroy dozens of lives . when i think my job is stressful  i merely remember the true story behind this wonder flick . the devotion to duty of the main character was masterfully portrayed by rea . the comic  and almost tragic at times  relationship between rea and the sutherland character made this one of my favorite movies of the last  years . the catching of one of the worst mass murderers in history had me on the edge of my seat . while not nearly as well advertised and talked about as  silence of the lamb  s   the plot was just as suspenseful . rent or buy this movie today   
rea  sutherland  demunn  and von sydow  in a small role  are all brilliant in their performances . sutherland is particularly adept at this sort of role  where he must portray a character whose morality is  at first  uncertain to the audience . as is so often the case with sutherland  s characters  we must ask  is he a villian in this case  a minor one  or a hero    br    br   this is a disturbing story  intelligently told  about the incompetence and fearful bureaucracy in the old soviet union that impeded the efforts of extremely competent people . as sutherland  s character wryly notes   the measure of a bureaucracy is its ability not to make special exceptions  . the  committee meeting   between rea and sutherland  s characters  after perestroika is enforced  with its revelations  has enormous emotional impact . you can feel the suffering of the dedicated people who labored in that system .  br    br   the handful of dramatic scenes portraying victims  family members adds emotional resonance to the impact of the story . this is seldom a feature of a film with this sickening subject matter  but effectively reminds us that the victims had lives  and were loved .  br    br   this is a sad  but very important film  which deserved its showcase on canada  s history television .  
okay  let  s start off by saying this film is not an exact rendition of the crimes and legal pursuit of andrei chikatilo . while it may have been  official policy  in the politburo that the ussr had no serial killers  in actuality the legal system had handled others  and  killer x   as he was actually called  was already being sought when fetisov brought burakov onto the case . in fact  as soon as it was realized they had multiple murders on their hands  the authorities assigned a task force of dozens of officers to track down and end the killing spree of a man that did not fit into what is perceived as normal serial killer parameters . it  s good the director and writers consistently remind the viewer that the story is only  based upon actual events   for a docudrama this ain  t .  br    br   spoilers follow  br    br   that said  this is a damn good example of a fast  paced hollywood  style thriller that still gets across the basics of what happened . it is easy to follow and has just enough truth behind its version of events to make for compelling viewing . yes  chikatilo raped and murdered both children and adults  both male and female . yes  shoddy lab  work set him free to continue killing for years . yes  innocent men were accused of the murders and  confessed  to their crimes at police urging . yes  the gay community was harassed while the crimes were being committed  albeit with burakov  s committed assistance  . and yes  chikatilo was brought to confession not by the haranguing of the special prosecutor  gorbunov  but by the gentle understanding of a psychiatrist named bukhanovsky  though gorbunov was really nowhere near the egotistical martinet portrayed in this film  . quibbles about truth and veracity aside  all of these events are dramatized in a manner that consistently tightens the tension and fear .  br    br   it doesn  t hurt that director and co  writer chris gerolmo has a pitch perfect cast . stephen rea  s growing emotional involvement in the killings and developing expertise in detecting clues  donald sutherland  s snarky manipulation of the soviet party hacks and subtle spine that becomes evident when it is needed  jeffrey demunn  s seething undercurrent of rage hidden by a fear  filled demeanor  max von sydow  s boyish excitement at being part of a criminal investigation all enhance the sharp dialog and crisp editing in ways that cannot be underestimated .  br    br   taken for what it is   citizen x  is almost pitch perfect  the  almost  due to one moment of self  congratulation at the end that just does not fit  . highly recommended as fiction well  told  not fact being presented . . . but considering the junky  serial killer  movies that hollywood usually spits out  that  s good enough for me .  
a superb and compelling drama about the hunt for the notorious russian serial killer andrea chikatilo . magnificent performance from stephen rea as the forensic scientist put in charge of the investigation  who finds the biggest obstacle to his progress is the russian government  in particular the old communist party members who want to maintain a closed society .  br    br   the film is has an underlying theme about the decline of the communist society  and progress in the hunt for the killer is reflected by progress in social and political change in russia  which is subtly put across . there is a conflict of old ways and new ways  and these are represented by the two viewpoints of rea  s superior  played by donald sutherland   and rea himself . these are at first polarised  with sutherland  high  in system looking down  and rea  low  on the ground  looking up . however  they have a common cause  to catch the serial killer .  br    br   throughout the film the relationship between these two develops  and the tension gradually eases until at the end of the movie rea and sutherland and rea and sutherland have mutual respect for each other  the killer is caught  and glasnost symbolically comes . excellent script .  br    br   further credits go to sutherland  s performance  which is superb and sympathetic  jeffrey demunn as the killer whom we despise but can  t hate  and max von sydow  who is thoroughly convincing as the humble psychologist who risks his reputation to help .  
caution may contain spoilers . . .  br    br   i  ve seen this movie  times  i  ve liked it every time . upon seeing it again  i  m always reminded of how good it is . an hbo tv movie  very well done like most of their movies are  this would  ve gotten oscars for it  s performances had it been released for general distribution instead of made for tv .  br    br   as i  m sure anyone knows from reading other reviews here  this is the story of serial murderer  andrei chikatilo . he murdered   people over  years in the former soviet union .   victims were buried  couldn  t be found so he was only convicted of   out of   of his murders .  the story actually focuses more on the forensic analyst  victor burakov played to perfection by stephen rea . a man that becomes tortured and obsessed with finding this killer despite the additional obstacles placed by party hacks  his part is essential to be sure . there is a very touching scene towards the end of the movie that mentions how in america  investigators are routinely taken off serial killer cases after   months whether they want to or not due to the mental strain  frustration . according to this acct  burakov worked for over  years before getting his first break from it . he followed the case to its conclusion   years later . in this scene  his superior  general fetisov  played by donald sutherland  actually tells him he admires his dedication and apologizes for not knowing he should  ve given him a break sooner .  br    br   rea  s performance is so well done  he doesn  t overact  chew up the scenery or do anything that distracts from his portrayal of a man who is hell bent on finding his killer . he is a man with passion  but doesn  t show it in the same manner as is so usually portrayed in detective movies . he only occasionally gives outbursts after quietly putting up with more than most could stand under such circumstances . rea does so much with his face  his eyes  he doesn  t need to overact . he just is  his character  so frustrated after so long  at one point  driven to frustration  he actually says he  d rather find  at one time than none in a year . of course what he means is not that he wants more people to die  he just wants some clues to catch this man . rea makes us feel for this man . he makes us understand but a glimpse of what it is to live with such horror and futility .  br    br   a mutant to be sure  chikatilo  s childhood was one which produces such  monsters .  the character of chikatilo is very well done by jeffrey demunn . he somehow  impossible though it may seem  elicits some modicum of sympathy for himself . perhaps he is the worst of us gone terribly wrong  either way  his performance is very well done .  br    br   donald sutherland as colonel fetisov  later promoted to general  also does a great job . he starts out seeming to be a cynical worldly official that doesn  t seem much more interested in helping the investigation than anyone else blocking burakov . but he eventually becomes more than just an assistant  he actually actively participates in helping burakov . there is also a very nice turn by max von sydow as the psychiatrist brought in to help profile and figure out what kind of deviant they are looking for .  br    br   although this movie deals with a morbid  grotesque and violent story  it really is more about what it takes to catch a killer than the killer himself . all around a very well done movie with fine performances and a great screenplay . the screenplay manages to do what the best of this type of movie does give factual events  place them meaningfully inside a dramatic framework that makes you feel like you know the people behind the facts .  br    br    out of   stars  
a surprisingly complex and well crafted study of  the first  serial killer in the ussr . set in the days of perestroika this intense piece is brought to full life with the performances of stephen reah and donald sutherland .  br    br   this examination of cicatillo as a killer is well rounded and by hinting at some of his behaviors while out right showing others there is a subtlety that is compelling without being overtly graphic . not for the weak of heart however as it  s subject matter is often disturbing but necessary to it  s full development of the main participants in this fact based story .  br    br   hbo has furnished us with an excellent film in an unusual manner . congrats to the director and editor of this great piece . it is in my top   must see list .  
there i was sitting alone in my flat on a saturday night with the choice of watching citizen x or the eurovision song contest  and for the benefit of americans reading this i  ll explain that tesc is an annual event where musicians from countries all over europe and asia minor have a song contest . at the end of the contest countries vote to see what the best song was . it  s a contest that is even less exciting than it sounds and it may not come as a shock when i say that singing and songwriting isn  t of the calibre of lennon and mccartney . and i should correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word  choice  is misleading because being a music lover i wasn  t going to watch tesc under any circumstance .  br    br   so i sat down as the credits rolled for citizen x expecting a run of mill serial killer whodunnit  but i  d be misleading everyone calling it that . it  s obvious within the first   minutes of citizen x whodunnit . what the film does is point out the failures of communism   a serial killer comrade  this is the soviet union  serial killers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems  this farcical attitude goes far beyond denial  there  s a scene where an undercover cop sits in a freezing train station keeping an eye out for potential suspects whilst wearing his police jacket because it  s the only warm coat he  s got  and of course all suspects who are members of the communist party are released without interrogation something which will affect the final death toll . all this is very well done as we are shown that it  s the communist party system that  s on trial but about two thirds of the way through citizen x we find ourselves in     as communism is on its last legs and reforms to the police investigation have taken place . it  s at this point that the film becomes rather uninteresting due to a lack of political subtext and the film descends into an average manhunt film . but don  t let that put you off  citizen x is an intelligent thriller well played by the cast especially donald sutherland as a paternal police chief  br    br   strangely enough a few years ago i read something written by the famous criminologist colin wilson in which he said something along the lines that serial killers let themselves get caught so that they will be the center of attention in the media spotlight  and i found myself almost sympathising the party chiefs denying there could be a serial killer in the soviet union . after all media is controlled by the party and anyone who  s old enough to have listened to radio moscow or read english translations of pravda will know that the ussr only reported news stories like potato harvests  coal production and thank you letters from afghanistan  cuba etc for soviet assistance . the concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical . but i guess if a tree falls in a remote siberian forest it will still make a sound even though no one is around to hear it .  
i  m not sure that this comment contains an actual spoiler  but i  m playing it safe  so don  t read this if you haven  t seen the movie .  br    br   i adore this movie  and so does everyone i work with   and that is the point . i spent a large part of my working life in cinema  without being an actor . such people are the  sung  heroes of this movie the gaffers  the pullers  the on  air directors  the lighters and writers  the costume people etc etc  and the whole thing is told from their point of view  at least to a great extent . most actors are nuts and self  absorbed to the point of absurdity  which is what this movie spoofs so well  but you have to have worked with actors to recognize that this movie is real  life drama  possible spoiler alert in one great scene  the two leads  both actors  are  discussing  how to  discuss  something personal  something entirely  out  of  script   with another actor  and they start making up lines  rehearsing them  and critiquing each other  s performance .  br    br   since this movie appeared in  what was it      it has become fashionable to do this  especially on tv . but hardly anyone has done it so well .  
spoilers  in as far as i describe characters and their relation to the plot .  br    br   this is a quality film . the subject matter is at once grim and gripping . the dogged determination of stephen rea  s character  burakov  is simply captivating . with any due apologies to him  his hangdog  continually put  upon expression serves the character well . he is  as we in england would say of the inspector taggart tv series character  bound to be grim because he sees three murders a week . well  that  s not strictly accurate as chikatila operated over a number of years . . .  br    br   you get a real sense of the blankwall resistance of the ussr bureaucracy  brilliantly portrayed by joss ackland  who often seems made for this sort of role  .  br    br   a key character  and i write this as the remake of invasion of the body snatchers is being shown on bbc   is the donald sutherland character  mikhail fetisov  . his quiet support of burakov is steadfast . and it endures through perestroika  and drives the involvement of the fbi for profiling . brilliant .  br    br   this is a must  see  as far as i am concerned .  
this is a truly remarkable piece of cinematic achievement . from the very start i was utterly hooked into the  true  story when lt . viktor burakov  stephan rea  weeps while performing the autopsies on the remains of the children  s bodies . this then is the compelling story of andrei chikatilo  wonderfully played by jeffrey demunn  the green mile  . in fact  he plays it so well and so sympathetically that the viewer almost starts to pity him  until we remember what he is . the psychiatrist dr . alexandr bukhanovsky  wonderfully played by max von sydow was utterly believable in every detail  and the point he makes when talking about paranoia in the soviet union  is made all too apparent by the behaviour of the local communist commissar bondarchuk played by joss ackland . for me though  the outstanding performance was from donald sutherland  proving once again what a superb character actor he really is . i was almost in tears when he told burakov how the fbi had so closely followed and admired his work . this film puts silence of the lambs into the shade  from the atmospheric and bleak soviet landscape  to the superlative performances by everyone involved .  br    br   i rate this film       
  citizen x  tells the story of  the butcher of rostov   nickname for a heinous and perverse russian serial killer who claimed   lives from        . the film focuses on the novice detective  rea  who doggedly pursued the killer against all odds in the face of an uncooperative bureaucracy in self  serving and convenient denial . an hbo product for t . v .  the film offers a solid cast  good performances  spares the audience much of the grisly details  but plays out like a docudrama sans the stylistics of similar hollywood fare . an even and straight  forward dramatization of a serious and comparatively little known story more interesting than  jack the ripper  .  b   
here  s an oddity a modern  day film about a serial killer that has no fight scenes  nobody seen dying  no car chases and no loud noises . . . . . and it takes place in russia . there are only two short action scenes but they are horrific .  br    br   the rest of the story is detective work  and how much red tape the poor detective had to go through to solve the murders . this is a very somber movie  and  somber  best describes the personality of the hero  stephen rea   as well . yet  the story is not depressing and it  s very interesting all the way through .  br    br   rea is outstanding as the determined  harried  looked detective . jeffrey demunn is downright scary as the killer . donald sutherland  s russian accent is suspect but he plays the only character in this film that has some warmth .  br    br   once again  the story is dotted with liberal agendas  here and there  with not one but two references to bias against gays  the total validity of secular psychology  police and government officials being boorish  crude  bigoted  yadda  yadda  yadda .  br    br   otherwise  it  s an intelligent and refreshingly low  key crime film . this is a somewhat unique film that probably is not well  known but is well  liked by the people who have seen it . since it  s based on a true  life account of this killer  it  s all the more chilling . don  t pass this by just because you haven  t anything about it .  
there are some excellent comments and observations on this film . i was pleased to note the comparisons to fritz lang  s  m   forget the    s abortive remake with lightweight david wayne  . the real villain is not the tortured murderer  extraordinarily fine performance by jeffery demunn   taking out his sexually frustrated anger on his victims   mostly children . he is the objective . the real villain is the stifling bureaucratic soviet system  drowning in its own corrupted incompetence . the frustration of an uncompromisingly dedicated man  rea in his best role since  the crying game    a facile pragmatist who  s willing to use the system to his advantage  sutherland always successful in this kind of role   a hesitant  frightened but determined psychiatrist  the incomparable max sydow   the bumbling  boopous bureaucrat of a prosecutor  brilliant brit actor john wood  and the quiet  supporting wife of the driven investigator  delightful supporter  imelda staunton  . this is one damn fine film . its darkness and bleakness are supported by the portrayal of a corrupt  incompetent system which works against success . the is no need to dip into gore  laden slice  n dice sensationalism that has characterized so many recent films . gore is present   it  s a ghastly story   but it adds to the depicting of a pathologically twisted human being . the success of the story is precisely that these were acts perpetrated by a person  a human like you or i . where you and i choose to vent our frustration by reasonable means  chikatilo took his anger out on the most innocent and vulnerable of us  our children . the superb premise of this story is made manifest by an equally superb cast of excellent actors .   sadly  i note that our australian friend didn  t like the speech and no doubt would have preferred to hear them speaking in aussie dialect . well  too bad . this fine film sure worked for me and everyone else i  ve talked with who has seen it .  
this movie tells an amazing story with history and compassion . from the careful descriptions of the crime scenes to the mental health of the lead investigator  you  ll be entranced . it  s an absolute must  see for anyone interested in criminology . interpol relations and how the agencies work together are also great . not overly done either . i recommend it for anyone interested in russian history  too . how the police work with the political party being what it was . . . it is truly fascinating and frustrating . the settings are beautiful . it  s been a while since i saw this movie the first time . it doesn  t diminish it  s impact . not overly dramatic or graphic  it leaves enough to the imagination  well  you  ll see .  
this has to be one the best movies about serial killers that i  ve ever seen  and this is coming from someone who absolutely loved silence of the lambs . hbo has hit the jackpot here . this film is compelling from the first moment until the last .  br    br   this film has so many underlying themes its hard to tell exactly what it is about . it chronicles the decade  long search for the russian serial killer andrea chikatilo . stephen rea gives a brilliantly reserved performance as the inexperienced forensic expert who is put in charge of the investigation  and donald sutherland gives an even more involving performance as his cynical superior  and the only person in the russian government willing to help him . both of their performances are subtle masterpieces    rea begins naive and unwilling to compromise  while sutherland begins detached and almost amused by the situation . towards the end  rea becomes more world  weary and beaten by the system  while sutherland finds himself more passionate and idealistic .  br    br   in any other movie  i would have said that sutherland  s performance stands out above the rest  but here even it is rivaled by jeffrey dumann  as the serial killer himself . dumann brilliantly creates a character here who inspires empathy rather than the hatred we think we would find    he is a monster  but he doesn  t want to be  and we get the idea that he is just as disgusted with what he does as we are . he is tortured  ashamed  but vicious as well .  br    br   if you can take the incredibly dark subject matter   and it is very disturbing   then you should see this movie .  
citizen x tells the story of andrei chikatilo  the ripper of rostov  who killed   people in  years time  mainly women and children . it shows how the investigation was obstructed by soviet bureaucracy  how hard it was to investigate the crimes . it does the job in such a brilliant way that it will leave no  one untouched . in the beginning it  s perhaps a little bit slow of pace  but it really grabs you as the story unfolds . i can only say that  next to  the silence of the lambs   this is by far the best movie about a serial killer i  ve ever seen .  br    br   it is very hard to say which actor  s performance stands out above the rest in this movie . stephen rea is really brilliant as the inexperienced forensic expert who is put in charge of the investigation . donald sutherland  s performance as his cynical superior  and the only person in the russian government willing to help him  is as outstanding as rea  s . and what to say about jeffrey dumann  playing the serial killer  dumann brilliantly created a character who inspires empathy rather than hatred . yes  he is a monster  but he is also a sad figure  oppressed and ridiculed by his wife  his boss  his co  workers . . . he is tortured  ashamed  as well as extremely vicious .  br    br   i can only recommend this movie to everybody who  s interested in a well  made docu  drama  where the actors are still more important than the special effects . it deserves at least a      perhaps even more if you ask me .  
i remember following the case of andre chicatillo in the newspapers while i was living in south africa . they had photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in court . not  as it turned out  to protect the court members  but to protect him from the public . this was fascinating  albeit morbid  reading . i later heard that a film had been made by hbo about the case  but it was made for american tv . bummed  strangely  citizen x got a limited cinematic release in south africa . i charged down to the local ster kinekor complex and duly bought a ticket  i was alone my girlfriend at the time was only interested in the likes of steel magnolias and fried green tomatoes  . wow  what a brilliant film . why wasn  t it released to a wider audience  had it not been made for tv  it could have got an oscar nomination or  . there is no way to spoil the ending who the killer is is never kept from the audience . jeffrey demunn portrays a truly terrifying psycho . he is calm  downtrodden  considered a failure by his wife and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation by his superiors at work . by committing these horrendous acts  he gets to feel strong  powerful .  br    br   fighting to catch him against all odds is a pathologist  played to excellent turn by stephen rea  in one of his strongest performances . he must battle the snail  pace of russian bureaucracy  the primitive resources he has at his disposal and  above all  the refusal by his superiors to acknowledge that the ussr even has a serial killer . the general in charge  joss ackland  says that serial killers are  a decadent  western phenomenon  . only donald sutherland is willing to help  but his help must be under the counter . the ever  brilliant max von sydow plays a russian psychiatrist who breaks protocol and decides to help the investigators in their quest . it is the first time in russian history that a shrink is used to build a profile of a serial killer still on the loose  and he has everything to lose if his involvement is made public .  br    br   citizen x is brilliantly acted  well written and the music and editing only add to the tension and theme of the film . excellent support from a horribly underused imelda staunton and a real sense of impending doom make citizen x a film worth seeing . this was too good to be made for tv  
blood castle  aka scream of the demon lover  altar of blood  ivanna   the best  but least exploitation cinema  sounding title  and so on  is a very traditional gothic romance film . that means that it has big  creepy castles  a headstrong young woman  a mysterious older man  hints of horror and the supernatural  and romance elements in the contemporary sense of that genre term . it also means that it is very deliberately paced  and that the film will work best for horror mavens who are big fans of understatement . if you love films like robert wise  s the haunting        but you also have a taste for late     s  early     s spanish and italian horror  you may love blood castle  as well .  br    br   baron janos dalmar  carlos quiney  lives in a large castle on the outskirts of a traditional  unspecified european village . the locals fear him because legend has it that whenever he beds a woman  she soon after ends up dead   the consensus is that he sets his ferocious dogs on them . this is quite a problem because the baron has a very healthy appetite for women . at the beginning of the film  yet another woman has turned up dead and mutilated .  br    br   meanwhile  dr . ivanna rakowsky  erna schrer  has appeared in the center of the village  asking to be taken to baron dalmar  s castle . she  s an out  of  towner who has been hired by the baron for her expertise in chemistry . of course  no one wants to go near the castle . finally  ivanna finds a shady individual  who becomes even shadier  to take her . once there  an odd woman who lives in the castle  olga  cristiana galloni   rejects ivanna and says that she shouldn  t be there since she  s a woman . baron dalmar vacillates over whether she should stay . she ends up staying  but somewhat reluctantly . the baron has hired her to try to reverse the effects of severe burns  which the baron  s brother  igor  is suffering from .  br    br   unfortunately  the baron  s brother appears to be just a lump of decomposing flesh in a vat of bizarre  blackish liquid . and furthermore  ivanna is having bizarre  hallucinatory dreams . just what is going on at the castle  is the baron responsible for the crimes  is he insane   br    br   i wanted to like blood castle more than i did . as i mentioned  the film is very deliberate in its pacing  and most of it is very understated . i can go either way on material like that . i don  t care for the haunting  yes  i  m in a very small minority there   but i  m a big fan of     s and     s european horror . one of my favorite directors is mario bava . i also love dario argento  s work from that period . but occasionally  blood castle moved a bit too slow for me at times . there are large chunks that amount to scenes of not very exciting talking alternated with scenes of ivanna slowly walking the corridors of the castle .  br    br   but the atmosphere of the film is decent . director jos luis merino managed more than passable sets and locations  and they  re shot fairly well by emanuele di cola . however  blood castle feels relatively low budget  and this is a roger corman  produced film  after all  which usually means a low  budget  though often surprisingly high quality  quickie   . so while there is a hint of the lushness of bava  s colors and complex set decoration  everything is much more minimalist . of course  it doesn  t help that the retromedia print i watched looks like a    year old photograph that  s been left out in the sun too long . it appears  washed out   with compromised contrast .  br    br   still  merino and di cola occasionally set up fantastic visuals . for example  a scene of ivanna walking in a darkened hallway that  s shot from an exaggerated angle  and where an important plot element is revealed through shadows on a wall only . there are also a couple ingmar bergmanesque shots  where actors are exquisitely blocked to imply complex relationships  besides just being visually attractive and pulling your eye deep into the frame .  br    br   the performances are fairly good  and the women   especially schrer   are very attractive . merino exploits this fact by incorporating a decent amount of nudity . schrer went on to do a number of films that were as much soft corn porn as they were other genres  with english titles such as sex life in a woman  s prison        naked and lustful        strip nude for your killer       and erotic exploits of a sexy seducer       . blood castle is much tamer  but in addition to the nudity  there are still mild scenes suggesting rape and bondage  and of course the scenes mixing sex and death .  br    br   the primary attraction here  though  is probably the story  which is much a slow  burning romance as anything else . the horror elements  the mystery elements  and a somewhat unexpected twist near the end are bonuses  but in the end  blood castle is a love story  about a couple overcoming various difficulties and antagonisms  often with physical threats or harms  to be together .  
it  s very very funny . you know  just like a comedy is supposed to be . it also looks very very good  like a hollywood spectacular should . so  what more do you want  howz about a very very good sally fields . she is so much better here than in anything else i  ve ever seen her in  and she looks so damn good . this movie is all you need to understand why she  s a star . those eyes  like a silent movie star  but better . in fact  everyone  s eyes are so good . i used to pretend to be a bad tv soap actor with my girlfriend . we  d do that thing where you look real fast from one eye to the other of your partner . they don  t do that at all in soap dish . great . the eyes have it   sorry   br    br   there  s so many terrific performances  its fun just waiting for each of them to reappear . there  s a whole workshop going on with kevin kline on how to overact very very subtly . got that  yeah  he  s damn good . so is robert downey  jr . who has since made sumthin of a career of playing the slick  slimy executive . cathy moriarity  while not the most gifted actress  is so charismatic and riveting  especially when she  s angry . and even whoopi goldberg is decent  her natural timing giving here somewhat flat delivery a little zing . ok  no whoopi bashing  i hear ya .  br    br   and then  there  s the hair . soap dish was made at the end of the big hair eighties  so the ridiculous doos are like a great character in themselves . they get bigger and sillier  just like your  s did . yeah  we got pictures .  br    br   soap dish is better than i thought it  d be  better that i wanted it to be . i  m sick of movies that tell me i  m supposed to care about shallow  self centered  semi  talented egomaniacs  ie . tv soap actors . soap dish seems happy just to have me laugh at  em . thank you .  
although the word megalmania is used a lot to describe gene kelly  and sometimes his dancing is way too stiff  you have to admit the guy knows how to put on a show . in american in paris  he choreographs some outstanding numbers  some which stall the plot  but are nonetheless amazing to look at .  check out gene kelly  s  getting out of bed routine  for starters   br    br   gene kelly stars as a gi who is based out of paris  he stayed there to paint  soon he is a rich woman  s gigolo  but he really loves someone else  hoary story sure  but the musical numbers save the show here  i really loved georges gutary  s voice work in this one . his  stairway to paradise  and his duet with le gene on  s wonderful  is  s marvelous  . oscar levant and leslie caron i can take or leave . all in all  a pretty good  but not dynamite movie .  
the best part of an american in paris is the lengthy ballet sequence at the end  where gene kelly and leslie caron are the living personification of several major painters . kelly has earlier been established as a pavement artist in paris  so the sequence is the logical ending to a musical bursting with life and energy  gershwin tunes  and cast members like georges guetary and oscar levant . kelly was at his best here  it  s a little different to singin  in the rain  and the effect of all the film as one topped with the ballet gives it a definite wow factor . no wonder the sequence ended  that  s entertainment  after all other mgm musical highlights had gone by   
what makes for best picture material  the oscars have come in for a lot of stick for rewarding overblown spectacles that have aged poorly  and ignoring the  auteurs  who would be deified in decades to come . it wasn  t because hollywood was against art or creativity . the academy awards are the selections made by the industry itself  and that is why  at least in the classic era  they tended to reward the greatest collaborations  the most sensational meetings of creative minds .  br    br   the arthur freed unit at mgm had been bound for oscar  winning glory for several years by this point it was only a matter of time before freed  aided by his strongest director vincente minnelli and some the finest musical stars in the business  would land a best picture . freed had arguably done more to raise the status of the musical than anyone else  crafting pictures which wove story and song together without losing the dynamic spectacle of the   s musicals . the point about freed musicals  is that the lyrics of the songs  unlike those of hammerstein or lerner  don  t have to tell or even relate to the stories . what  s important is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit into the structure of the film .  br    br   an american in paris was the first of three freed musicals  the other two being singin  in the rain and the band wagon  which took existing classic numbers out of their original context and made them work in a completely unrelated story . the words don  t fit the plot  but the routines fit the show . so  when gene kelly sings i got rhythm  he hasn  t even got a girl yet  but the way it  s done with the french kids joining in is a great bit of characterisation  and the upbeat tune and dance gives the movie the little lift it needs at this point . an american in paris also uses the rule  breaking allowed in the genre to add little unconventional flights of fancy to tell the story  such as the series of dances which accompany the description of leslie caron  s character .  br    br   and what better director for this project than minnelli  himself a painter and a pianist  at this time there wasn  t really anyone who had a better feel for technicolor . while some directors would saturate each scene in one colour or fill the screen with clashing shades  minnelli  s colour schemes are tightly controlled but never look forced . in the opening scenes the tones are fairly muted  but not drab  and in particular there is an absence of red . during oscar levant and georges guetary  s meeting in the caf  a few more vibrant shades are introduced . then  during the first musical number   by strauss  minnelli gradually brings in splashes of red  a table cloth  a bunch of roses  until it eventually dominates  as if the song has awoken the picture  s colour scheme . for most of the songs  the colours are choreographed as intricately as the people . however  in some numbers  such as  tra  la  la  he keeps the shades the same and instead opens out the space as the song swells up and the characters become more animated .  br    br   the achilles  heel of an american in paris is its story . i personally find the romantic angle particularly unpalatable  playing as it does like a last hurrah for the misogynistic love stories that reigned supreme in the   s the headstrong  independent woman gets rejected while the meek  delicate girl is harassed into loving the hero . even if you don  t mind that  it is difficult to connect emotionally with the story because it is constantly overshadowed by the songs and dances . compare this to singin  in the rain  which doesn  t really have as many great routines or memorable set  pieces as an american in paris  but it has a winning storyline . singin  in the rain was overlooked at the     oscars  yet it is regarded as a classic of the genre today . but i think people sometimes forget that cinema is an all  encompassing form of visual entertainment  not just a means of telling a story . an american in paris is not deep or engaging or tear  jerking but  like a certain demille picture that won the top award the following year  it certainly is a great show .  
this is a fine musical with a timeless score by one of my favorite composers  gershwin  and a nice  parisien  atmosphere which gives the movie a lot of charm  but in terms of a story . . well it  s not really there . or at least  not very well worked out . the acting is also not so smooth by caron . but i liked some of the dialogues  i liked the scene at the seine  i liked the character played by levant  the colors and the dancing of course  which is quite magnificent .  br    br   a  .    seems on the dot to me .  
the dazzling seventeen  minute dance sequence of george gershwin  s     orchestral piece   an american in paris   is an indisputable masterwork . choreographed with precision and unparalleled flair by gene kelly  the vibrant combination of color  music and dance is still eye  poppingly startling as the piece is broken down into scenes inspired by selected master artists  dufy in the opening place de la concorde piece  manet in the flower market  utrillo in a paris street  rousseau at the fair  vincent van gogh in the spectacular place de l  opera piece  and toulouse  lautrec for the moulin rouge where kelly wears his famous white bodysuit . the   minutes that precede this finale are not as exciting  not by a long shot  but there are certain charms to be had in viewing the entire     oscar  winning musical .  br    br   director vincente minnelli and screenwriter alan jay lerner have fashioned a surprisingly sophisticated if rather slight romantic story focused on jerry mulligan  a former g . i . who has remained in paris after the end of wwii trying to make a living as a painter . with his braggadocio manner and athletic dancing style  gene kelly can be concurrently ingratiating and irritating as a screen personality  but he seems to find his oeuvre as the carefree jerry . the love  triangle plot is focused on jerry  s involvement with milo roberts  a self  proclaimed art patron but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists . on their first date in a crowded montmartre nightclub  jerry unapologetically falls for lise  a young woman who turns out to be the fiance of henri  a professional entertainer and friend of jerry  s pal  adam  an out  of  work concert pianist . romantic complications ensue until the inevitable ending but not before several classic gershwin songs are performed .  br    br   the best of these is the most imitated  a swooningly romantic song and dance to  our love is here to stay  along a faux  seine river in a blue hazy mist with yellow fog lights . the way kelly and leslie caron circle each other is transcendent as they approach each other tentatively at first and then synchronize beautifully to the music leading to the final clinch . few films have so elegantly and succinctly shown two people falling in love .  i got rhythm  and  s  wonderful  spotlight kelly  s nimble tap  dancing and agreeable singing  while  embraceable you  is danced impressively by caron in a five  scene montage of henri  s all  over  the  map description of lise to adam . designed to show off caron  s dancing versatility  the sequence is similar to the one in  on the town  where vera  ellen showed off her considerable dancing skills when kelly  s sailor character described his multi  faceted vision of miss turnstiles .  br    br   as lise  the nineteen year  old caron  in her first film  dances superbly throughout and handles her role with unformed charm with her acting talent not to bloom for several years . looking quite glamorous  nina foch plays older as the manipulative milo and manages to be likable enough for us to care about her fate  while oscar levant is just his sardonic self as adam . performing an elegant  i  ll build a stairway to paradise   george gutary plays henri so agreeably that you feel bad that he does lose the girl at the end . this is not the best all  around mgm musical  but there is certainly enough movie magic to make this quite worthwhile . the     dvd contains a fairly pristine print but little else in terms of extras .  
this is your typical cheerful and colorful mgm musical from the early     s and it  s definitely on of the better ones to watch out there .  br    br   the movie got directed by the genre expert vincente minnelli and stars gene kelly in the main lead . both did quite a few movies together back in those days  of which this one is probably their best known one .  br    br   the movie itself actually managed to win the best picture oscar over the year  which meant it beat out movies such as  a place in the sun    a streetcar named desire    the african queen    quo vadis    the blue veil    death of a salesman  that year . a real accomplishment of course but at the same time also a bit too much credit for this delightful  bright and entertaining movie .  br    br   when you watch this movie you surely will be entertained by it all  which is also thanks to the movie its beautiful color look and the many nice characters within this movie . the musical numbers are also all nicely done  which is no big surprise when you have people such as vincente minnelli and gene kelly at work .  br    br   but really  couldn  t had everything that got told in this movie been done in halve an hour less or so  i mean  we already know where the movie is heading to but yet it manages to stretch it out all for as long as possible . not that it makes the movie drag in any parts  it just makes it a bit overlong . the movie could had also definitely been done with a few less musical numbers in it .  br    br   one of the better mgm musicals  that is not without its flaws though .  br    br        
an american in paris is an integrated musical  meaning that the songs and dances blend perfectly with the story . the film was inspired by the     orchestral composition by george gershwin .  br    br   the story of the film is interspersed with show  stopping dance numbers choreographed by gene kelly and set to popular gershwin tunes . songs and music include  i got rhythm     s wonderful   and  our love is here to stay  . it set a new standard for the subgenre known as the  songbook  musical with dozens of gershwin tunes buried in the underscore . the climax is  the american in paris  ballet  an   minute dance featuring kelly and caron set to gershwin  s an american in paris  featuring an impressionistic period daydream in the style of various painters  is one of the longest uninterrupted dance sequences of any hollywood film . the ballet alone cost more than half a million dollars  a staggering sum at the time .  br    br   it  s funny to think of such a work of art being born over a pool game between film producer arthur freed  singin  in the rain  wizard of oz  on the town  meet me in st . louis and the band wagon  and ira gershwin . it was freed  s idea to buy the title so he could use if in a film about paris and gershwin  s idea that it would only use gershwin music .  br    br   original cast was to have cyd charisse but she discovered she was pregnant before shooting began . a major reason gene kelly suggested leslie caron as the female lead was because he felt this movie needed a  real  french girl playing lise  not just an american actress playing one . gene kelly discovered leslie caron while vacationing in paris where he saw her perform in a ballet . when she got the call to audition  she said   who  s gene kelly   according to leslie caron  her introductory dance sequence  which included a seductive dance with a chair  was considered too suggestive by some censors . gene kelly directed the brief fantasy dance sequences shown as lise is introduced .  br    br   vincente minnelli first wanted maurice chevalier in the georges gutary part  and  celeste holm  in the  nina foch  part .  br    br   minnelli was a groundbreaking director of musicals with meet me in st . louis        an american in paris  and the band wagon       . he used color and songs in ways they hadn  t been used before . he used space and time imaginatively . best of all  though  he allowed himself to cut loose for the long ballet sequences that end all his movies . the ballet in an american in paris may be his best work .  br    br   even though vincente minnelli is credited as the sole director  he was sometimes tied up with his divorce from judy garland and other directing projects  leaving gene kelly to take over the directing duties .  br    br   other highlights include guetary  s rendition of  stairway to paradise   oscar levant  s fantasy of conducting and performing gershwin  s  concerto in f   see why it was oscar levant  s favorite .   br    br   the ballet sequence  now that we know it was successful everybody now wants to take credit for it  freed  minnelli  kelly but before the film was completed the new york office of mgm said no to spending a half million dollars on a ballet . so freed went to studio head louis b . mayer himself and got him to agree  new york said no . finally gene kelly showed the new york office how a british film  the red shoes used a long ballet sequence and that film became a world wide hit  and is still considered today the premium example of a successful art film . well the financial guys finally gave in and signed the checks .  br    br   there was a break in production after  november      at which point gene kelly began rehearsing the ballet choreography . by the time production for that final sequence resumed on  december  vincente minnelli had finished directing another film  father  s little dividend       .  br    br   irene sharaff designed a style for each of the ballet sequence sets  reflecting various french impressionist painters  raoul dufy   the place de la concorde   edouard manet  the flower market   maurice utrillo  a paris street   henri rousseau  the fair    vincent van gogh   the place de l  opera   and henri de toulouse  lautrec  the moulin rouge  . the backgrounds took six weeks to build  with   painters working nonstop .  br    br   roger ebert said after viewing the recent restoration   an american in paris has many qualities  not least its famous ballet production number  with kelly and leslie caron symbolizing the entire story of their courtship in dance .  an american in paris is often compared to singin  in the rain as to which it the greatest musical ever made  and one critic put it best when he said   singin  in the rain makes me happy and an american in paris makes me feel good .  the ballet represents kelly  s fantasies as depicted by the great french artists  renoir  rousseau  lautrec  dufy  he admires . arranging a screening for the then ailing raoul dufy  the actor and producer ducked out until the end credits . there  relieved  they found the artist  moved to tears  requesting a second helping of the sumptuous finale .  br    br   the film was also the first to win a golden globe award for best motion picture  comedy or musical .   br    br   gene kelly received an honorary academy award that year for  his versatility as an actor  singer  director and dancer  and specifically for his brilliant achievements in the art of choreography on film .  it was his only oscar .  
an american in paris is a wonderful musical about an american painter living in paris for inspiration . he meets a rich woman who admires his paintings on the street and she believes she can get his work to be even more popular to the public  e . g . in a museum . golden globe nominated gene kelly as the artist jerry mulligan is just perfect at both singing and especially dancing . he also meets the main girl lise bouvier  leslie caron  who is engaged to his best friend . he can  t help his feelings for this girl  even after he finds out who she is engaged to . filled with nice romance and wonderful song and dance  this is a very good musical film . it may drag slightly with his dancing dream sequence  i . e . the american in paris ballet  but there is a good happy ending . it won the oscars for best art direction  set decoration  best cinematography  best costume design  best music  scoring of a musical picture  best writing  story and screenplay and best picture  and it was nominated for best director for vincente minnelli and best film editing  it was nominated the bafta for best film from any source  and it won the golden globe for best motion picture  musical  comedy  and it was nominated for best director for vincente millenni  liza  s father  . gene kelly was number   on the    movie stars  and he was number   on    years     stars  men   i got rhythm  was number   on    years     songs  the film was number  on    years of musicals  it was number   on    years     passions  it was number   on    years     movies  and it was number   on the    greatest musicals . very good   
if i remember  ira gershwin  the lyricist and brother of george  offered the gershwin catalog for this film and it was snapped up by the producers . in many respects  it was a typical    s movie musical by the freed unit at mgm and directed by vincente minelli with a lot of help from gene kelly .  br    br   the gershwins were  of course  among the greatest of all broadway musical teams but  in my opinion  george himself was among the greatest of all american composers  period    gene kelly was  of course  one of the two greatest male dancers of the movie musical  one guess as to the other   and i don  t imagine his casting was ever in doubt . but  i think the rest of the cast needs some explanation oscar levant was a noted personality in his time and  as an actual friend of george gershwin  he had to be in this film . he was a talented pianist and even a moderately talented composer as well as a noted neurotic and hypochondriac and here  as always  he plays himself .  br    br   leslie caron was an unknown at this time and she was of the french  gamin  type . a talented dancer  she was never a real beauty . george gutary who plays the part of maurice chavalier  oops  i mean henri baurel  was greek and not french but he certainly is more than ok as a french boulevardier even if a little too young for the part .  br    br   gene  s hoofer  s voice is serviceable here but gutary has much the better vocal equipment . though gene was better cast elsewhere as  obviously  in  singin  in the rain  where his character is much more calculating  even here he shows himself to be something of a heel at times  he was  not for nothing  cast as the original heel joey in pal joey  the broadway musical .  i was not so enchanted with his  i got rhythm  scene with the children which does not appear as spontaneous as was intended in my opinion .  br    br   i also found nina foch  s character milo to be rather irritating .  br    br   but the highlight of the film is obviously the lengthy ballet at the end of the film based on the title music with sets and costumes in the styles of the great french impressionist painters .  br    br   i found it difficult to believe gene and oscar  as struggling artists  and i don  t think the musical numbers are as well set up as they might be but  on balance  the gershwin music is very well served in this film .  br    br   the dvd is well  done with fine clear graphics  when they are supposed to be  and the mono sound is good but a trifle shallow .  
 . . . oxford  mississippi  at least . okay  the paris we get is paris  culver city apart from the establishing library footage of the real mccoy but it is paris in spirit than which nothing  nowhere  is better . okay  kelly is no astaire but then who is and caron is no hepburn  ditto but alan lerner is light years ahead of the vastly overrated comden and green who scripted kelly  s other  big    s musical singin  in the rain  a curious replication of lyricists writing screenplays featuring songs by other lyricists and just to balance things the gershwin numbers are far superior to the arthur freed  nacio herb brown numbers so alan lerner didn  t have to feel too outclassed  . the story needn  t detain us any more than the anomalies  kelly hasn  t got change of a match and is a painter  i . e . bohemian  yet he is able to scare up a perfectly good suit at a few hours notice when foch invites him to dinner at her hotel in the well  documented love is here to stay sequence the lovers are strangely unmolested by passers  by  other lovers and the bridge in the background is totally free of both pedestrian and vehicular traffic  this is  after all  a feelgood musical so it stands or falls by the score and in this case it stands four square . as feel good musicals go it  s definitely in the top   .  
when i was a kid of   i always watched movies and television that i wasn  t supposed to  and this was one of them .  br    br   it  s one of my favorite movies of all time  and it has to be the funniest movie i have ever seen in my life  the acting is excellent  they don  t make comedies like this anymore these days  movies that are actually funny and make you laugh without resorting to excrement or some type of vomit  inducing body fluid as in those retarded judd apatow movies starring unfunny non  actors like seth rogen  barf  .  br    br   this movie is a classic with actors who can actually act  and deserve all the accolades .  
the story and music  george gershwin   are wonderful  as are levant  guetary  foch  and  of course  kelly . one thing  s missing  and that thing is a good leading lady . i  m sorry  leslie caron bothers me . anyway  despite her  the plot moves along nicely with the famous  and deservedly so  ballet . oh the colours  the dazzling reds  blues  greens  and yellows . musn  t forget the beiges as well .   i just adore the contrast between the beaux arts ball  completely black and white costumes  and the ever  so  brilliant ballet .  br    br   so i suppose what i  m trying to say is this please  by all means see it  and enjoy it  because though it isn  t the best  it is marvelous . but be sure not to forget that other gene kelly musical with the   year old girl that was catapulted to stardom just afterward .  
an american in paris is a showcase of gene kelly . watch as gene sings  acts and dances his way through paris in any number of situations . some purely majestic  others pure corn . one can imagine just what kelly was made of as he made this film only a year before  singin  in the rain  . he is definately one of the all time greats . it is interesting to look at the parallels between the two films  especially in kelly  s characters  the only main difference being that one is based in paris  the other in l . a .  br    br   some have said that leslie caron  s acting was less than pure . perhaps cyd charisse  who was originally intended for the role could have done better  however caron is quite believable in the role and has chemistry with kelly . oscar levant  s short role in this film gave it just what it needed  someone who doesn  t look like gene kelly . filling the role as the everyman isn  t an easy task  yet levant did it with as much class as any other lead .  br    br   the song and dance routines are all perfection . even the overlong ballet at the end of the film makes it a better film with it than without . seeing that there really wasn  t much screen time to make such a loving relationship believable  minnelli used this sequence to make it seem as if you  d spent four hours with them . ingenious   br    br   i would have to rate this film up with singin  since it is very similar in story and song . singin  would barely get the nod because of debbie reynolds uplifting performance .  br    br   full recommendation .  br    br       stars .  
paris is the place to be to enjoy beautiful art and music  and to fall madly in love  as is the case in this film . boy meets girl  they fall in love  but something stands in their way of eternal happiness  the classic story .  br    br   the wonderful music of george gerschwin complements the great dancing by gene kelly and leslie caron .  an american in paris  is a humorous  light  hearted  loving film well worth watching .  br    br        br    br    
uggh  i really wasn  t that impressed by this film  though i must admit that it is technically well made . it does get a  for very high production values  but as for entertainment values  it is rather poor . in fact  i consider this one of the most overrated films of the   s . it won the oscar for best picture  but the film is just boring at times with so much dancing and dancing and dancing . that  s because unlike some musicals that have a reasonable number of songs along with a strong story and acting  such as meet me in st . louis   this movie is almost all singing and dancing . in fact  this film has about the longest song and dance number in history and if you aren  t into this  the film will quickly bore you . give me more story  as a result  with overblown production numbers and a weak story  this film is like a steady diet of meringue   it just doesn  t satisfy in the long run .  br    br   to think . . . this is the film that beat out  a streetcar named desire  and  a place in the sun  for best picture  and  to make matters worse   the african queen  and  ace in the hole  weren  t even nominated in this category  even more amazing to me is that  ace in the hole  lost for best writing  screenplay to this film   even though  an american in paris  had hardly any story to speak of and was mostly driven by dance and song .  
while the story is sweet  and the dancing and singing in the main part of the film are a joy  the uniqueness of the film  and what makes it a masterpiece  is the dream sequence . it features the combination of the highest form of truly american music  gershwin   the engaging beauty of french impressionistic art  kelly  s enthralling choreography  including his rapturous  pas de deux d  amour   really a separate genre   with the most magnificent palette of color ever devised for the set . matching the surging music and the visual explosion with those dances was a true work of a creative genius and a great artist .  
i dug out from my garage some old musicals and this is another one of my favorites . it was written by jay alan lerner and directed by vincent minelli . it won two academy awards for best picture of     and best screenplay . the story of an american painter in paris who tries to make it big . nina foch is a sophisticated lady of means and is very interested in helping him  but soon finds she loves the guy . meanwhile gene kelly falls for lovely damsel  leslie caron . his main dancing partner  and i must say they are fantastic together on the floor and otherwise . famous french singer georges guietary sings  too . so if you like good smooth dancing and fun filled scenes filled with oscar levant  s nimble piano fingers  the songs of george gershwyn will live on forever in this colorful gem .      
released two years before i was born  this oscar  winning movie has it all  lavish technicolor sets and costumes  breathtaking cinematography  superb wall  to  wall gershwin music  superior choreography  a lighter  than  air screenplay  and great performances by kelly  levant  foch  guetary  and caron . hollywood doesn  t make  em like this anymore . definitely  this is my favorite movie of all time  a standard by which i judge all other films . enjoy  enjoy  enjoy   
timeless musical gem  with gene kelly in top form  stylish direction by vincente minnelli  and wonderful musical numbers . it is great entertainment from start to finish  one of those films that people watch with a smile and say  they don  t make  em like they used to   but they never did quite make them like this . the climactic   minute musical sequence without any dialogue is among the most beautiful in film history . movie magic  clearly derived from the heart and soul of everyone involved . a must see   
i enjoyed this film . it was lighthearted  delightful  and very colorful . you can see that mgm was showing off technicolor . there are hardly any colors that do not appear in this film . every scene is packed full . the choreography was great . gene kelly is a wonder . he is so talented . the dance numbers in this film are all perfectly executed  and perfectly designed . he understands that the dances can tell the story as much as anything else . the last section of the film  the grand dance sequence  is very impressive . what makes this film very special is gershwin  s music . few american composers have had a better gift for melody . i very much enjoy gershwin  s music . it is enchanting . ira gershwin is definitely one of the greatest lyric writers . he is so witty and charming . this was a highly entertaining film .  
okay  so the plot is on shaky ground . yeah  all right  so there are some randomly inserted song and  or dance sequences  for example adam  s concert and henri  s stage act  . and leslie caron can  t really  um  you know . . . act .  br    br   but somehow   an american in paris  manages to come through it all as a polished  first  rate musical   largely on the basis of gene kelly  s incredible dancing talent and choreography  and the truckloads of charm he seems to be importing into each scene with caron .  he needs to  because she seems to have a . . . problem with emoting .   br    br   the most accomplished and technically awe  inspiring number in this musical is obviously the    minute ballet towards the end of the film . it  s stunningly filmed  and kelly and caron dance beautifully . but my favourite number would have to be kelly  s character singing  i got rhythm  with a bunch of french school  children  then breaking into an array of american dances . it just goes to prove how you don  t need special effects when you  ve got some real talent .  br    br   not on the  classics  level with  singin  in the rain   but pretty high up there nonetheless . worth the watch   
there are few comedies like this  where almost every line and every character come close to flawless . this is soooo funny   and it has quite a bit of satire there to . sally field is heading the field of truly outstanding actors and does a good  if not perfect  job with her daytime tv  diva . sometimes her acting is just a little to broad and over the top  but    of the time she is a riot  in the same league is kevin kline  robert downey jr and whoopy goldberg  who unfortunately has too little to do here  . downey jr may not convince entirely as a comedian and has not the timing right all the time  but he struggles with his part which is  to be honest  the most ungrateful one . but the shining star here is cathy moriarty as celeste  a true bitch if there ever was one with more than one nasty secret  you will see in the absolutely stunning finale   . sadly elisabeth shue never seems to be quite comfortable in her part . i normally like ms shue  but here she acts as a fish out of water and sometimes seems to be in a different movie . but it is not something damaging and for the most part she is at least adequate . otherwise  brimming with memorable lines and situations  this is a comedy to watch whenever it is on tv or wherever .  
i haven  t seen this movie in about  years  but it still haunts me .  br    br   when asked about my favorite films  this is the one that i seem to always mention first . there are certain films  works of art like this film   dark city   and  breaking the waves   that seem to touch a place within you  a place so protected and hidden and yet so sensitive  that they make a lifelong impression on the viewer  not unlike a life  changing event  such as the ending of a serious relationship or the death of a friend . . . this film  shook  me when i first saw it . it left me with an emotional hangover that lasted for several days .  
i felt it necessary to respond to the comments posted on the front page of this film  s page because some of it was slightly misinformative .  br    br   originally i posted quotes from the original poster  but i wasn  t sure if it was proper given that this is the  comments  index and not a message board  though we used to use  em that way back before imdb added the film message boards  so i will edit this to make it unnecessary .  br    br   well  first of all you may not be aware of this  but gene kelly first became famous for playing  pal joey  on broadway in the original production . when vincente minnelli decided to make a gershwin  panorama  film  he wanted kelly  s character to be more sophisticated than the  goody two shoes  roles he had been playing in most his films  with the exception of  for me and my gal   . alan jay lerner was instructed to construct a new story set in paris based on the story of  pal joey  . this gave kelly a chance to play his famous role from broadway even though warners had outbid mgm for the rights to  pal joey .  in my opinion  the wb film  pal joey  is a wreck  though sinatra was suitable for the role  but other problems sunk the film  script changes and poor direction .   br    br   you complain that kelly  s pictures are not well done  even citing your art education to prove the point . but you miss the fact that kelly  s bad art was clearly designed to be bad  and it is necessary for the story  characters . the pictures are so bad  the audience knows that kelly isn  t ready for an exhibition . even he knows it  though milo has sort of sugared him up to the point where he almost believes her . but it  s important that the audience not be sitting there saying  but  he  s a great artist  if he only had the chance   . you want the audience to be fully aware of his deficiencies .  br    br   then you complain that he sabotages his interest in the show again you are not understanding the structure of the story . he refuses because he doesn  t want to feel like a gigolo  and because he knows he  s not really ready for the exhibition . his enthusiasm for the exhibition is certainly not as great as  joey  s  enthusiasm to  start a nightclub  . but it serves the same function in the plot . remember  it  s essential in  pal joey   the play  that joey gives up his nightclub after he realizes that he doesn  t deserve it . same with the art show . if kelly  s paintings were actually good  it would undermine this whole point .   br    br   then you complain that caron and kelly have no  chemistry  . i guess it  s in the eye of the beholder . i agree  the chemistry between them is not as strong as it should be  but for me it was fine . compare it to even worse  forced  romances like the one between cary grant and sophia loren in  the pride and the passion  .   br    br   when you say that the big dance finale has nothing to do with anything else in this film  it just shows that you haven  t dug beneath the surface of the film into its symbolism . many elements in the dance sequence relate to the story and characters  and through the dance the plot is resolved through images and symbolism . it  s about finding love  enjoying love  then losing love  he looks around and his love is gone  . the movements of the symphony are constructed so that part of each dance scene mirrors a separate phase of parisian art and also a separate phase of their relationships . if you didn  t  see that  it  s not the movie  s fault . it  s certainly not a  load of crap  .   
an american in paris was  in many ways  the ultimate mixture of art and hollywood musical . made at the height of mgm  s powers as a musical powerhouse  the film features memorable music from the gershwins  who rightly have been called the   th century  s equivalent of beethoven and mozart .  br    br   gene kelly was also at the height of his powers in this film  though it could be rightly argued that this movie was just the warm  up for his best work in singin  in the rain       . the two films are actually closely linked . aside from the arthur freed connection  the broadway melody segment in  rain  owes its existence to the incredible american in paris ballet sequence in this film . this might well have been the only time a dance number is specially mentioned in the opening credits of the film . and it deserved to be  as it showcases gene kelly  s skills as a dancer and choreographer to their utmost degree .  br    br   the film  s cast is uniformly excellent . leslie caron  incredibly making her film debut  shows a maturity that makes you think she  d been making films for years . her introductory dance sequence  and later her work on the ballet  provides some surprisingly sexy moments rivalled in mgm musicals only by cyd charisse  s work in singin  in the rain and the band wagon . oscar levant is hilarious as kelly  s stoic pal  who gets two of the film  s best moments during the end party sequence  which i will not give away for anyone who hasn  t seen the film   and one of the film  s most memorable musical numbers which couples his incredible piano skills with state  of  the  art  for the time  special effects .  br    br   less memorable are georges guetary as kelly  s romantic rival  though he does get a few musical highlights  and nina foch as leslie caron  s romantic rival . the may  december relationship between kelly  s character and nina  s reminded me of the same  kept man  relationship seen between george peppard and patricia neal in breakfast at tiffany  s .  br    br   there are a few elements of the film that made it less satisfying for me than singin  in the rain . the ballet  though lavish and well  produced  doesn  t really fit with the rest of the movie . without giving away the plot  the ballet just happens  with no real rhyme or reason . and unlike the broadway melody sequence  it really doesn  t have anything to do with the plot   and in the best musicals  the songs always have some sort of raison d  etre .  br    br   making matters worse is the ending of the film which happens immediately after the ballet . although the ending shouldn  t be a surprise  this is an mgm musical  after all   i was hoping for a bit more . . . movie after the ballet ended . it  s as if director vincente minnelli felt that he couldn  t follow the ballet with anything else . the film literally left me in the lurch .  br    br   that negative aside  an american in paris rightly ranks alongside the best of hollywood  s musicals . it doesn  t quite reach the heights of singin  in the rain  but it comes close and it remains a testament to gene kelly  s skills as one of the greatest dancers of all time .  
i saw  an american in paris  on its first release when i was still at school and fell in love with it straightaway . i went back to see it again the next day and have lost count of the number of times i have seen it since  both in the cinema and on tv . it makes fantastic use of some of the best music and songs by the greatest popular composer of the twentieth century  george gershwin  and features the greatest male  gene kelly  and female  leslie caron  dancers in hollywood history . the supporting cast of oscar levant  as quirky as ever   georges guetary  why didn  t he make more movies   and nina foch  brilliant in an unsympathetic role  are at the top of their form . the closing ballet  superbly choreographed to the title music  makes excellent use of the sights and sounds of paris and of the images of impressionist and post  impressionist artists . all the gershwin songs are beautifully staged  but the most memorable are  it  s very clear   caron and kelly on the banks of the seine  and  i got rhythm   the kids of paris joining gene kelly in  une chanson americaine   . if you love paris  see this movie . if you  ve never been to paris in your life  see it . but see it   
gene kelly came up with some really grand ideas for musicals while with mgm . here he  s at the top of his creative powers working with the arthur freed musical unit . hard to believe when you watch an american in paris that the players never left the back lot at mgm .  br    br   the magic of an american in paris is due to the creative editing under the direction of vincent minnelli and the sets that mgm designed blended with some background establishing shots . the idea of the film originated with kelly who wanted simply to do a film with a lengthy ballet sequence involving george gershwin  s tone poem an american in paris . it sounded good to arthur freed who approached ira gershwin who said fine with him as long as they used other gershwin material .  br    br   gershwin got the kind of deal for gershwin music that irving berlin normally got . not one note of non  gershwin music is heard in an american in paris . listen to some of the background music and you will hear things like embraceable you and but not for me which are not real musical numbers .  br    br   another guy who was a fair hand at writing lyrics  alan jay lerner  wrote the story which admittedly is a thin one . all about an ex  gi played by gene kelly who after world war ii never left france  just settled into an apartment on the left bank and proceeded to become a starving artist . he lives with eccentric composer oscar levant and does that ever sound like a redundancy .  br    br   two women are interested in him . another expatriate american played by nina foch who wants to sponsor him as a painter if he  ll reciprocate in other matters . but kelly falls for a shop girl played by leslie caron in her film debut . caron also has musical comedy star georges guetary interested in here .  br    br   of course the plot is just an excuse to sing and dance to the music of george gershwin . an american in paris happens to be the first film i ever saw as an in flight movie on the first airplane trip i ever took . i still remember flying back from phoenix arizona to kennedy airport seeing gene kelly doing i  ve got rhythm . my favorite number in the film however is tra  la  la which kelly sings and dances all over the apartment with oscar levant playing the piano . at one point kelly dances on top of the baby grand piano .  br    br   in a book about arthur freed  i read a quote where he said in the american in paris ballet sequence was to be done with the background of the french impressionists which he felt the public would take to rather than a realistic setting on the streets or back lot . so it happened that way . kelly had done lengthy ballet sequences in words and music  the pirate  and on the town . but this one topped them all . still does in my opinion and that includes some of gene kelly  s later films .  br    br   in a surprise upset at the oscars  an american in paris was chosen best picture for      beating out the heavily favored a streetcar named desire . i guess fantasy trumped realism that year . big budgets also have an upper hand in these things as well .  br    br   still an american in paris is one of the best movie musicals ever done and since the studios no longer have all that creative talent under one roof  something less likely to be repeated .  
vincente minnelli directed some of the most celebrated entertainments in cinema history . . . he was among the first hollywood directors to show that a profound love of color  motion and music might produce intelligent entertainment . . .  br    br    american in paris  is the story of an ex  gi who remains in france after the war to study and paint . . . he falls in love with a charming gamine lise bourvier . . . their romantic love affair sparkles as brightly as the city of lights itself . . . the whole movie brings a touch of french elegance where technique  artistic style and music all come together in perfect synchronism . . .  br    br   the first musical sequence introduces the exciting personality of leslie caron in her screen debut . . . she is like a diamond  a touch of class . . . george guetary describes his fiance ambiguous grace in a montage of different dance styles  sweet and shy  vivacious and modern  graceful and awesome . . . the number leads to an unpretentious bistro  where kelly and his very good friends in paris share a gentle parody of viennese waltzes . . . later kelly celebrates a popular tap dancing with a crowd of enthusiastic children singing with him  i got rhythm   and at the massive jazz nightclub kelly spots the girl of his dreams . . . he is instantly hit by her sparkling sapphire blue eyes  and only one clear thing is in his mind  to pull lize onto the dance floor and sing to her  it  s very clear  our love is here to stay .   br    br   to the joyful  tra  la  la   kelly provides humor  wit and talent all around oscar levant  s room  and even on the top of his brown piano . . .  br    br   when he meets his pretty cinderella along the seine river  kelly is swept away by his happy meeting with caron . . . he expresses all his emotions with  our love is here to stay .  the piece had a definite nighttime feel as the two lovers were bathed in soft  blue smoky light . . . they start an enchanting dance  duet juxtaposing differing elements . . . caron dances with her head on his shoulder  then tries to run away in a fluid way . . . they move backward  away from each other  then pause to rush toward each other  for a little kiss  and a warm hug . . .  br    br   the film  s weakest numbers were those that bear little relation to the story . . . in one  georges guetary performs an entertaining stage show with showgirls in giant ornaments floating down to the stage . . . in another  oscar levant imagines himself conducting a concert  and playing not only a piano recital  but the other instruments as well . . . he even applauds to himself as members of the audience . . .  br    br   the extravagant climactic super ballet of the film is quite an adventure  a breakthrough in taste  direction and design . . . it is a blaze of love  fury and vividness . . . it is kelly  s major fantasy of his lost love and of his feeling about paris as viewed through the huge backdrops of some of france  s most impressionist painters . . .  br    br   the number starts at the beaux arts ball after kelly finds himself separated from lise  and begins a sketch with a black crayon . . . it gathers the important parts of the film  s story through a constantly changing locations  all in the style of the painters who have influenced jerry . . . the tour  richly attractive and superbly atmospheric  includes the place de la concorde fountain  the madeleine flower market  the place de l  opra  to his rendez  vous at montmartre  with the cancan dancers in a representation of lautrec  s moulin rouge . . .  br    br   kelly seems to defy the boundaries of his physical self . . . caron seems to dominate her space and sweeps you away to another time and place . . .  br    br   nina foch appeared very attractive and elegant in her one  shouldered white gown . . . in one of the film  s most famous lines  kelly asks her  that  s quite a dress you almost have on . what holds it up   nina  cleverly replies   modesty    br    br    an american in paris  garnered six oscars  including an honorary award to gene kelly . . . the film gave us a wealth of memories to take home . . .  
parsifal       starring michael kutter  armin jordan  robert lloyd  martin sperr  edith clever  aage haugland and the voices of reiner goldberg  yvonne minton  wolfgang schone  director hans  jurgen syberberg .  br    br   straight out of the german school of film  the kind that favored tons of symbolism and ingmar bergmanesque surrealism  came this     film of wagner  s final masterpiece  parsifal  written to correspond with good friday  easter and the consecration of the bayreuth opera house . this film follows the musical score and plot accurately but the manner in which it was filmed and performed is bold and avant  garde and no other parsifal takes the crown in its bizarre cinematography . syberberg is known for controversial films . prior to this film he had released films about hitler and nazism  richard wagner and his personal anti  semitism and a documentary about winifred wagner  one of his grand  daughters . this film is possibly disturbing in many aspects . parsifal  sung by reiner goldberg but acted by michael kutter  is a male throughout the first part of the film and then  after the enchantment of kundry  s kiss  is transformed into a female . this gender  bending element displays the feminine  masculine  ying  yang nature of the quest for the holy grail  which serves all mankind and redeems it through christ  s blood . in the pagan sorcerer klingsor  s fortress  there are photographs of such notoriously sinister figures as hitler  nietzche  cosima wagner and wagner  s mistress matilde wesendock . the swaztika flag hangs outside the fortress . parsifal journeys into the   th and   th century throughout the film . the tempting flower maidens are in the nude . kundry is portrayed as a sort of beautiful but corrupt mary magdalene or eve from genesis  played by edith clever but beautifully sung by mezzo  soprano yvonne minton  . ultimately  this film is for fans of this type of bizarre germanic  european symbolic metafiction and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism  the history and lovers of wagner opera . indeed  the singing is grand and compelling . reiner goldberg  s parsifal is a focused and intense voice but it lacks the depth and overall greatness of the greater parsifals of the stage  james king  wolfgang windgassen  rene kollo and today  s own placido domingo . yvone minton is a sensual  voiced  dramatic and exciting kundry  delving into her tormented state perfectly . while the production is certainly unorthodox and as un  wagnerian as it can possibly get  wagner  s concept was christian ceremonial pomp with grails  spears  castles  knights and wounded kings  a dark sorcerer  darkness turning into light  etc typical wagnerian themes  . . it is still an enjoyable  art  house film .  
this very peculiar setting of wagner  s last opera definitely grew on me . when i first saw it  i was somewhat annoyed by many of the films surrealistic images  and felt that far too much was superimposed upon the story . however  if you can put up with a fair amount of rather recherch  gimmicks   i think you will find that the film does manage to capture the very strange  other  worldly atmosphere of the opera  and that there are moments which are particularly fine .  br    br   personally  i never really understood the role of kundry until i saw how edith clever portrayed her . her performance  a lip  synchronized mime of the singing voice of yvonne minton  is nothing short of dazzling  from end to end  and alone justifies the hours it takes to absorb the film .  br    br   another reason to delight in this film is that it captures the spectacular interpretation of robert lloyd of the crucial role of gurnemanz  one which lloyd has performed to a crisp at opera houses throughout the world . i have been privileged to enjoy him in the role of gurnemanz on the stage of the metropolitan opera several times  and the lusciousness of his voice  and the warm  fatherliness of his interpretation of this noble character really needed to be preserved  as did his performance in the character  s two major monologues  the karfreitag scene and the recounting of the prophecy in act  .  br    br   the version i have seen was a videotape made for america  and so there were subtitles which  alas  could not be done away with . this is especially unfortunate because the translation used is very inaccurate and forces an extremely christian interpretation on a film which is already forcing layers of interpretation on the opera . this seemed to me to be quite contrary both to wagner  s clear avoidance of christianity  and his very deliberate attempt to  generalize  the christian elements of the story .  see footnote with spoiler at the end of this review .  i find it nearly impossible  when viewing a film with subtitles  to keep from absorbing them  and strongly recommend that  if in the dvd versions you have the ability to turn the subtitles off  you do so  and instead  if the opera is unfamiliar to you  that you read the libretto carefully beforehand .  br    br   the bottom line is that there is much in the film which i dislike  and would just as soon have seen done differently . . . but it has risen steadily in my estimation over the years since i first saw it  and i find myself drawn to enjoy it again and again .  br    br                                                                      br    br   footnote containing a spoiler a good example would be kundry  s famous line   i saw him . . . him . . . and laughed .  this gets translated  in the subtitles  for reasons which escape me  as  i saw the savior  s face .  it is especially irritating to me  because throughout the libretto  wagner very deliberately and carefully refers to this unseen character who need not be the biblical jesus as  der heiland   i . e .  the german for  the healer    a reference to the wound of amfortas  and to all wounds and maladies and the need for healing .  
updated january  st       br    br   parsifal is one of my two favorite wagner operas or music dramas  to be more accurate   meistersinger is the other .  though it  s hard to imagine it as the  top of anyone  s pops  . the libretto  by the composer as usual  is a muddle of religion  paganism  eroticism  and possibly even homo  eroticism  and its length may make it seem to the audience like hearing paint dry .  br    br   wagner  being a famous anti  semite   klingsor may be one of his surrogate jewish villains .  naturally entrusted the premiere to an unconverted  not for want of rw  s trying   hermann levi  who was his favorite conductor   go figure   kundry  a most mixed  up  gal and another likely jewish surrogate  is both villainous or benevolent  depending on the scene .  br    br   considering that many video versions of parsifal seem on the stodgy side  this film of the opera is  in comparison  a breath of fresh air . hans  jrgen syberberg  the director  has brought considerable imagination to it but it  s hard to know why he made some of his choices . for example the notorious dual parsifals  of each gender    the puppets  the death  mask  of  wagner set and various dolls and symbols such as the nazi swastika in one of the traveling scenes .  if i remember  the  real  engelbert humperdinck wrote the actual music to pad out the scene changes .  though wagner himself died much too early to be an actual nazi  many of his descendants  as well as his second wife cosima .  were at least fellow  travelers  including their grandson wolfgang wagner who still runs the bayreuth festival at an advanced age . in fact  wolfgang  s son gottfried wagner  in complete opposition to his father  has tried to come to terms honestly with his great  grandfather .  br    br   syberberg  too  seems politically ambiguous from what i  ve read . in      he made a well  known film on hitler   hitler ein film aus deutschland   sometimes called  our hitler  in english .  . since it lasts all of  hours and hasn  t been widely distributed  most people have not seen it  including myself .  .  br    br   armin jordan  the conductor of the audio cd on which this film is based  plays amfortas  sung by wolfgang schne  edith clever  yvonne minton  plays kundry  michael kutter and karin krick play the dual parsifals  both sung by reiner goldberg .   and robert lloyd and aage haugland both play and sing gurnemanz and klingsor .  br    br   though the opera takes place over a long period of time and all  except kundry   have been described as having aged considerably between acts  and   no one looks a day older by the end of the opera .  the magic of the grail  in this opera the grail is the cup from which jesus drank at the last supper and not mary magdalene as in more recent times  an idea i find preposterous   .  br    br   the conducting and singing are all quite serviceable and the dvd seems to have improved the sound  if not the picture  to a great extent .  yes  i agree that  kna  s  approach is superior  even on the second  stereo  version but he is probably superior to all recorded versions on the whole .   br    br   not a parsifal for all wagnerites but i think it works quite well as a filmed opera .  
etienne girardot is just a character actor   the sort of person people almost never would know by name . however  he once again plays the coroner   one of the only actors in the philo vance films that played his role more than once . i  ve already seen him two other times and loved him every time because he was so funny and a breath of fresh air . this film also is great to watch because in addition to girardot  there are many other wonderful character actors along for the ride   including grant mitchell  gene lockhart  henry walthal  kent smith  h . b . warner and nat pendleton . this is quite an impressive cast  and they sure made the job easier for leading man and woman edmund lowe and virginia bruce .  br    br   these great character actors are one of the big reasons i love these old b  movies . while the mystery itself is rarely that terrific  because of the breezy writing and acting  the films really satisfy . as for this film  vance is played wonderfully by lowe but  like i said  the mystery itself is only an after  thought   with a silly plot involving hypnosis and suicides . unfortunately  you cannot hypnotize anyone to do anything of the sort   i have training in clinical hypnosis and if i could do anything like the evil guy could do in the film  i would have done it  used car salesmen and a few of my old bosses would have been obvious targets    br    br   overall  while not the best philo vance film  it was very good and it  s a darn shame lowe only played this role once . in fact  aside from william powell  who played vance five times   the series was hindered by a long  long succession of actors such as basil rathbone  wilfred hyde  white and warren william  and many others  playing vance . this is a similar problem that also plagued the bulldog drummond series   just too many different actors playing the leading man .  br    br   well worth seeing and exciting   though also quite impossible .  
when philo vance  edmund lowe  is standing precariously on the edge of a balcony high above the city  apparently hypnotized and just about to step to his death  it immediately reminded me of a nearly identical scene in another film made nine years later   the woman in green  in which sherlock holmes  basil rathbone  is similarly about to hurl himself into space while being hypnotized .  br    br   happily  both philo vance and sherlock holmes survive these attempts at murder by unscrupulous criminals . exciting cinematic suspense in both these scenes . when will they learn you can  t cloud the minds of great fictional detectives   
i have been a fan of this movie for years and years . because of teri hatchers move into the forefront  i had to take the movie off the shelf and watch it . why people back in     did not see how wonderful this movie was in beyond me  sally field and kevin kline are beyond fabulous . although i never have watching daytime soap operas  this movie kills me every time i watch it . the acting is second to none for a comedy and the writing is so smart . i highly recommend that you watch this if you haven  t already . you will get to see elizabeth shue  whoopi goldberg  teri hatcher  and carrie fisher . . . to name a few . . . all give splendid performances .  
edmund lowe  who reminds me somewhat of warren william   heads the nice cast of an interesting little mystery that moves at a brisk pace and runs just a little over an hour .  br    br   douglas walton plays the unlucky jockey who appears to be intent on his own demise  hypnotism  anyone    and the suspects include a good number of the supporting cast   everyone from virginia bruce  kent smith  frieda inescourt  gene lockhart  jessie ralph  benita hume  rosalind ivan and h . b . warner . as an added bonus  there  s nat pendleton as a dimwit detective   and furthermore  get a load of that art deco set decoration for the fancy interiors of a wealthy home . must have been a set that was used in many a subsequent film .  br    br   on the plus side  the mystery is not so complicated that anyone can follow the plot with reasonable assurance of not being too baffled . it  s all suddenly clear to detective philo vance   and then he has a final confrontation with the murderer that gives the film a nifty five minutes of unmitigated suspense .  br    br   nicely done and passes the time in an entertaining manner .  
s . s . van dine must have been a shrewd businessman in dealing with hollywood . most of the film series  from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios . but apparently van dine must have sold his rights to each book about philo vance one at a time . note that paramount  mgm  warner brothers  and more all released philo vance films . only tarzan seemed to get around hollywood more .  br    br   mgm produced the garden murder case and starred edmund lowe as the fashionable detective . of course mgm had the screen  s original philo under contract at the time  but bill powell was busy doing the thin man at the time and i guess louis b . mayer decided to concentrate him there .  br    br   edmund lowe is a pretty acceptable philo vance . lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with what price glory and then with a string of films with victor mclaglen with their flagg and quirt characters . but after mclaglen got his oscar for the informer  lowe seemed to fade into the b picture market .  br    br   the garden murder case involves three separate victims  douglas walton  gene lockhart  and frieda inescourt . the sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator kind of gives it away  the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished .  br    br   i will say this though . vance takes a very big chance in exposing the villain and the last   minutes are worthy of hitchcock .  
nicely and intelligently played by the two young girls  mischa barton as frankie  and ingrid uribe as hazel  although the plot is rather a stretch of the imagination . young hazel running for mayor seems out of place  to be honest .  br    br   while the acting is well done by all concerned the movie tends to lack a genuine atmosphere of drama . perhaps we  ve grown to expect gritty reality in movies  rather like comparing pollyanna to how green was my valley  never mind  each of them are good in their own way .  br    br   i do admire joan plowright even if her role is somewhat subdued here . middle of the road entertainment well suited for younger viewers  and how nice at times to be exposed to fine classical music which is almost a rarity   br    br   i find this movie to be a welcomed change as it reflects quieter  thoughtful values for the growing up years  and no violence thank goodness . a warm family film to enjoy .  
i thought that it was a great film for kids ages     . a little sappy  but the story is uplifting an fresh . it proves that the dreams of an adolescent can truly come true . i think that it  s a great story for any kid who is feelings down  or feels as if there trying to juggle too many things among them . very  cute  film . bravo .  
a great storyline with a message . joan plowright is superb as  phoebe   mike kopsa is hilarious as  coach  and richard de klerk plays the role of  carmine  superbly . mischa barton as  frankie  puts in a good performance and ingrid as  hazel  plays her first lead extremely well . this film is superbly directed by jo  beth williams . the editing is first rate .  
this is a great movie to see with your girlfriend . my friend and i both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store . we had to get it . with no violence and such a warming story its a great movie to relax to and just enjoy your night . i would recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie .  
an excellent family movie . . . gives a lot to think on . . . there  s absolutely nothing wrong in this film . everything is just perfect . the script is great  it  s so . . . real . . . such things could happen in everyone  s life . and don  t forget about acting  it  s just awesome  just look at frankie and you  ll know what i thought about . . . this picture is a real can  t  miss     
this film struck me as a project that had a lot of the right ingredients  but somewhere along the way they didn  t quite come together . i don  t know who made it  but it has a slightly disney  esque feel . while parts of it are improbable  like when a pre  teen runs for a public office  and tend to prevent the story from being taken seriously  there is a healthy dose of normalcy  whatever that is  to keep things balanced and in perspective . the acting is alright . strangely  the relationship between frankie and her grandmother is convincing  but the relationship between hazel and frankie is a bit . . . off . it  s interesting to see how she has to work hard to keep a balance between her best friend  her grandmother  and her two passions ballet and baseball . being a baseball player myself  it was quite painful to watch frankie try to hold her own on a team of boys  but it does a good job of showing the struggle she faces . i read somewhere that she isn  t really ballerina  but the editing in this film did a very good job of making her dancing look not only natural but beautiful . overall  it was a good film about honesty and ambition  but its star mischa barton didn  t quite achieve the level of realism we saw during her performances in  lawn dogs    lost and delirious   and her small but shocking performance opposite haley joel osment in  the  th sense .   
i first saw this film during and international film studies course . i am a  non  traditional  student  and  perhaps for reasons of years  lived or wisdom  accrued  appreciated the slow  reflective pacing of the film  s narrative . languorous with the heat and dust of an arid clime  the story is deeply psychological  replete with multi  layered symbolism  and an articulate inversion of the theme of being the  other  in a land that one does not understand . the understanding that does come is fraught with the unresolved memories and subjectivity of the outsider . made nearly   years ago  it is also a forerunner in a genre of numerous other international films that explore the themes of colonials in colonized spaces  clueless to the nuances of the cultures into which they have entered . much more lavishly filmed    and heavily financed    works that have been made since reflect the same themes indochine  nowhere in africa are two that in comparison perhaps make chocolat seem pale and boring . it has no adrenaline  pumping action or extreme violence . the struggles are mental  emotional and subtle . but  that being said  it is a fine film  worth a viewing .  
claire denis  debut is both a brave and self  assured one . in this depiction of life towards the end of french colonialist cameroon  she explores the relationships between men and women  black and white .  br    br   with the black servant  prote  as the film  s primary object of desire and oppression  the film enters taboo territory from the beginning . denis builds a picture of life through a series of character relationships that keep the informed viewer fixed to the screen . the mood of the film is captured perfectly by the camera  work and  lack of  lighting .  br    br   a great discourse .  
anyone who doesn  t laugh all through this movie has been embalmed . i have watched it at least twenty times and i still get tears in my eyes at many of the scenes . sally field is absolutely perfect as celest talbert  a fading soap star whose supporting cast is trying to get her replaced in hopes that their own star will rise . fields  at    still has that wonderful and beautiful pixie quality and a perfect figure that belies her having had three children . i  m biased  i  m in love with her .  br    br   the cast of  soapdish  is filled with stars who perform their roles to perfection . kevin kline is flawless  as are robert downey jr .  an ingnue elizabeth shue  whoopi goldberg  teri hatcher in one of her early roles  carrie fisher as the oversexed casting director who auditions an actor for a small part as a waiter without his shirt on . kathy najimy is wonderful as the hapless costume designer  and best of all  cathy moriarty as nurse nan who leads the plot to get fields character removed from the show is hilarious .  br    br   this movie should have won oscars for best comedy  best leading lady in a comedy  best leading man in a comedy and myriad other bests  including writing  directing and supporting actors and actresses . get the dvd so you can watch it over and over for the next twenty five years . you will still be laughing at it when the disc wears out .  
this movie is all about subtlety and the difficulty of navigating the ever  shifting limits of mores  race relations and desire . granted  it is not a movie for everyone . there are no car chases  no buildings exploding  no murders . the drama lies in the tension suggested by glances  minimal gestures  spatial boundaries  lighting and things left   sometimes very ostensibly   unsaid . it  s about identity  memory  community  belonging . the different parts of the movie work together to reinforce the leitmotifs of self and other  identity  desire  limits and loss . it will reward the attentive and sensitive viewer . it will displease those whose palates require explosive  massive  spicy action . it is a beautifully filmed human story . that is all .  
i don  t know what the previous reviewer was watching but i guess that  s what reviews are  personal taste . missed in this movie was the depth  a very deep film  many layers of emotion  affecting . undercurrents of withheld love because of submission to societal beliefs  taboos of the times and classes  race relations not being in a very good state of equality  guilt  yearning  hate  confusion  very dark emotionally i thought  under the skin  you have to submit to the aire of it  a flowing movie  not slow as stated before  release yourself to the flow of the film  the emotions will show themselves  characters reveal their flaws  their nasty insides  excellent and actually very cruel   
claire denis  s chocolat is a beautiful but frustrating film . the film presents a very interesting look at the household of a european colonial family living in cameroon  giving the viewer an informative perspective on the lives of many characters and their interaction . however  the development of these characters is often maddeningly insufficient . for example  a central theme in the story is young france  s inability to form strong relationships with others . although this portrayal is executed flawlessly  notably in the way that denis frames the story with scenes from france  s return to her childhood home  the girl  s lack of intimacy with the film  s other characters makes it difficult for a viewer to invest much interest in her development  or lack thereof  as a protagonist . the general stagnation of the film  s character development makes it difficult to become engaged in the loosely organized plot . the film raises a great deal of tension between characters  particularly between aimee and the men in her life  but never fully addresses this social friction  leaving the viewer unsatisfied . the final few scenes are powerful but depressing . denis  s work is certainly interesting from an intellectual and historical standpoint  but if you are looking for a film with adventure or drama  chocolat is definitely not the best choice .  
this movie shows life in northern cameroon from the perspective of a young french girl  france dalens  whose father is an official for the colonial  french  government  and whose family is one of the few white families around . it gives a sense of what life was like both for the colonists and for the natives with whom they associated . it  s a sense consistent with another movie i  ve seen about africa in a similar time period  nirgendwo in afrika         but i have no way of knowing how realistic or typical it is . it  s not just an impression   things do happen in the movie   but the plot is understated . the viewer is left to draw his own conclusions rather than having the filmmakers  forced upon him  although the framing of the story as a flashback from the woman  s visit to south  western cameroon as an adult provides some perspective .  
i knew absolutely nothing about chocolat before my viewing of it . i didn  t know anything about the story  the cast  the director  or anything about the film  s history . all i knew was it was a highly  acclaimed french film . had i known more  i probably wouldn  t have viewed the picture with an open mind . on paper  the premise doesn  t sound interesting to me . had i known what chocolat was about ahead of time  my interest while watching would have been limited . however  not knowing about the story helped me enjoy it . throughout  i had no clue has to where the story would go  what the characters would do  and what the end result would be . it was  if nothing else  not a predictable film . indeed  it could have been as the story is told in flashbacks . telling a story in flashbacks is often a risky move on the part of the filmmakers . since the lead character is seen in present day  the audience knows she will remain alive . by using the flashback technique  director claire denis is able to ensure the audience that the young girl makes it to adulthood without any serious physical damage  giving the viewer the sense that chocolat is a story more about emotions than what is on the outside . a lesser filmmaker would give france a haggard  looking face  one that screams of a confused and unusual childhood . instead  denis presents france as a beautiful girl  someone who looks fine on the outside .  br    br   it could be argued that chocolat is more about france  s mother since she is given far more screen time  though i believe it is ultimately about france . to me  what chocolat is really about is how a mother  s actions affect her daughter . it is about how parents  behavior stays with their offspring . france is not ruined by her mother  s actions in the story  yet her mother  s actions clearly made an impression on france . had france not been affected at all by her mother  s actions  the flashback aspect would be irrelevant .  br    br   for a movie that deals with two time periods  the past and the present  chocolat was a very well paced  there were no scene of excess fat . none of the scenes felt gratuitous or out of the place . the film had nice rhythm  the editing crisp  leaving only what was necessary to tell the story . with a well told story  solid editing  and organized directing  chocolat is one of the better french films i have seen . it was responsible for launching claire denis  career and with good reason it  s an incredible directorial debut .  
the story is about a little girl growing up in colonial africa  but it is so much more than that .  br    br   anyone growing up in the south would experience the same things . a longing for another  one of a different race  that cannot be consummated . even a glance is forbidden . there are no words needed . their facial expressions say everything .  br    br   it is the story of a black servant  prote  isaach de bankol  and a white woman  aime  giulia boschi  . their desire for each other is so strong that they torture each other because they cannot have each other .  br    br   the little girl  france  ccile ducasse  is lonely and spends all her time with prote . she really can  t see this dance .  br    br   one of the more irritating aspects of the film is the laziness of the colonials . they cannot even get undressed for bed by themselves . there world is about to end they just don  t know it yet . their racist attitudes will be erased with their presence .  br    br   i think i would like to visit this africa . it seems so quiet especially at night when you only hear the animals .  
i think this movie would be more enjoyable if everyone thought of it as a picture of colonial africa in the    s and    s rather than as a story . because there is no real story here . just one vignette on top of another like little points of light that don  t mean much until you have enough to paint a picture . the first time i saw chocolat i didn  t really  get it  until having thought about it for a few days . then i realized there were lots of things to  get   including the end of colonialism which was but around the corner  just no plot . anyway  it  s one of my all  time favorite movies . the scene at the airport with the brief shower and beautiful music was sheer poetry . if you like  exciting  movies  don  t watch this   you  ll be bored to tears . but  for some of you . . .  you can thank me later for recommending it to you .  
i loved this film because in my mind it seemed to so perfectly capture what i imagined life in french colonial africa must have been like in the    s   my  generation anyway  . but i was truly enraptured by its quiet pacing and by the glorious ending . within the last  minutes of this film  you must focus intently on what  s happening . never have i been more impressed with the  wrap  up  of a film . i remember yelling  wow   when i realized it was over . on the other hand  my two daughters fell asleep on the couch    
in reflecting on this movie i can think of two others to help put it in perspective . one relatively forgettable but covering the same geography  is coup de torchon  the other thousands of miles away and much larger in scope is the unforgettable indochine . claire denis has produced a movie that has some of the grand underpinnings of indochine  the complex and unspoken relationship between france and her colonial subjects .  br    br   i was struck with the dignity of potee  with his struggle to maintain his dignity among his peers and with his white bosses . i was also struck with the love  hate relationship between him and aimee . it is the latter that gives the film its driving force  it is the latter that links this movie to indochine .  br    br   one never is sure what motivates everyone  though some of the characters are required of a remembrance of colonialism . it is this cynical side of the story that ties it to coup de torchon . theirs is the more scandalous story  perhaps even more interesting in a depraved way  but denis gives us a remembrance of how it was with all the tension and unresolved relationships .  br    br   the american black who gives the grown up france a ride in the beginning and end of the movie offers yet another interesting side to the confusion that we in the western world have when we look at africa . he says that when he came he wanted to call everyone brother . he was coming home  but they just thought him to be a little daft . france  the character and the girl  grew up in cameroon  but neither fully understands what it is even though they can remember how it was .  br    br    
this is an amazing film to watch or show young people . aside from a very brief nude scene  it gives an interesting glimpse into colonial rule in africa that you  ll rarely find in other films . it does bear a superficial similarity to out of africa  but without all the romantic fluff . the white french people in cameroon are fascinating because they don  t even seem to regard the natives as people . the whites are all the bosses and they expect black servitude without question . however  unlike real servants  you only once hear any of the whites say  thank you  and no other regard is given these people . again and again  it  s like they are pets or slaves  as the feelings of the people are never even considered .  br    br   the central illustration of this thoughtlessness is the relationship between the mother  aime and her servant  prote . although at times they spend a lot of time together and it is only normal that they might begin to have sexual feelings towards each other  the white woman never considers prote or the existence of his feelings . a good example of this thoughtlessness is when she has prote lace up her dress and it  s obvious that he is very sexually frustrated by this . apart from this relationship  while almost all the whites are completely oblivious to the fact that the africans are people  a few go so far as to verbally abuse and treat them like garbage .  br    br   also interesting is the relationship between prote and the little girl  who is the one who is grown at the beginning and end of the film  . while they are very close  at times he  s more like a plaything or pet and the girl never plays with native children .  br    br   there is one bizarre white character who seems  at times  to regard the blacks better but unfortunately his character is very inconsistent and confusing . one moment  he  s doing hard work along side the blacks or eating with them  something the other whites would never have done  and the next he  s trying to beat up prote  i could only guess as to what motivated him   perhaps he was just a jerk  or was crazy or perhaps was a communist agitator trying to stir up the blacks against the whites  who knows   . in fact  other than a few good scenes  this character seems pretty much wasted .  br    br   while i really enjoyed the insight this movie gave  i wish it had instead been more than just a few snippets of this world through the perspective of a child during one small period of her life . the context and what happened to rid the country of colonialism is never addressed and the film left me wanting more . the film appeared to begin in the early     s  since she  s wearing a walkman  style headset  and when the film went back in time  it seems that it was set about      more or less   but there was never any mention of the     s anti  colonialism violence or independence for the nation in the early     s . i am guessing that some of this confusion might be that the makers of the film screwed up and should have made the beginning of the film earlier  such as the     s  and had the lady think back to her life there in the early     s   before the country experienced political change .  br    br   apart from the missing context and a confusion over time periods  using the prologue and epilogue that showed her as an adult traveling the country was a good idea . and i also appreciated the ending  as it was a pleasant surprise when you find out more about the nice man who offers her a ride . but overall  it just feels like something is missing   there just isn  t any sort of resolution or message other than showing that colonialism is thoughtless and cruel .  
till hbo began rerunning it this month . i remember laughing out loud in the theater back in      and now again in my living room . if i see that it  s on  i have to watch it . there  s just no question . this is so much more entertaining to me than other  more popular spoofs like airplane   which i really like  btw  . cathy moriarty steals the show in my opinion . quotes like  sudden speech  the last symptoms of brain fever  she could blow at any moment   put me over the edge . and whoopie goldberg hasn  t been this funny since  jumpin  jack flash  . kevin klein  sally field  robert downey jr . all turn in superb performances as expected . i started out giving this  out of   stars  but then i realized that for the type of film it  s supposed to be  there isn  t one thing i  d change or improve upon . so   it is . i have to get this on dvd  that  s just all there is to it .  
unfortunately  because of us viewers  tendency to shun subtitles  this movie has not received the distribution nor attention it merits . its subtle themes of belonging  identity  racial relations and especially how colonialism harms all parties  transcend the obvious dramatic tensions  the nostalgic memories of the protaganiste  s childhood  and the exoticism of her relationship with her parents   houseboy   perhaps the only  real  human she knows . we won  t even look at her mother  s relationship with this elegant man . there  i hope i  ve given you enough of a hook to take it in  whether you speak french or like subtitles or not . i challenge you to be as brave  strong and aware as la p  tite .  
my  rd  year french classes always enjoyed this film very much . in a multi  cultural  inner  city high school  the film provided many subjects for discussion  in french in class  but i know a lot of discussion went on in english after class  . the most obvious is the relationship between prote and aime compared to the one between prote and france .  br    br   i always mentioned that i felt this film had one of the  sexiest  scenes i had ever seen in a movie . one year  a    year  old african  american shouted   yes   when he figured out the scene the one where prote is helping aime lace up her evening dress  all the while both are examining the reflection of the other in the mirror . directors use the  mirror technique  when then want to focus on the inner conflict on the part of one or more character in a scene this is a perfect example of the technique  and it is  sexy  .  br    br   most students had trouble understanding the end of the film . one suggested that one theme of the movie was  africanism   and that no matter how much one loved africa or africans  one cannot  become  african  like the driver tried to do   one must be african .  
set in the cameroons in west africa in the     s  claire denis  chocolat is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant tone poem that depicts the effects of a dying colonialism on a young family during the last years of french rule . the theme is similar to the recent nowhere in africa  though the films are vastly different in scope and emphasis . the film is told from the perspective of an adult returning to her childhood home in a foreign country . france dalens  mireille perrier   a young woman traveling through cameroon  recalls her childhood when her father  francois cluzet  was a government official in the french cameroons and she had a loving friendship with the brooding manservant  prote  isaach de bankol  . the heart of the film  however  revolves around france  s mother aime  giulia boschi  and her love  hate relationship with prote that is seething with unspoken sexual tension .  br    br   the household is divided into public and private spaces . the white families rooms are private and off limits to all except prote who works in the house while the servants are forced to eat and shower outdoors  exposing their naked bronze bodies to the white family  s gazes . it becomes clear when her husband marc  franois cluzet  goes away on business that aime and prote are sexually attracted to each other but the rules of society prevent it from being openly acknowledged . in one telling sequence  she invites him into her bedroom to help her put on her dress and the two stare at each other  s image in the mirror with a defiant longing in their eyes  knowing that any interaction is taboo .  br    br   the young france  cecile ducasse  also forms a bond with the manservant  feeding him from her plate while he shows her how to eat crushed ants and carries her on his shoulders in walks beneath the nocturnal sky . in spite of their bond  the true nature of their master  servant relationship is apparent when france commands prote to interrupt his conversation with a teacher and immediately take her home  and when prote stands beside her at the dinner table  waiting for her next command . when a plane loses its propeller and is forced to land in the nearby mountains  the crew and passengers must move into the compound until a replacement part can be located . each visitor shows their disdain for the africans  one  a wealthy owner of a coffee plantation brings leftover food from the kitchen to his black mistress hiding in his room . another  luc  jean  claude adelin   an arrogant white frenchman  upsets the racial balance when he uses the outside shower  eats with the servants  and taunts aime about her attraction to prote leading her to a final emotional confrontation with the manservant .  br    br   chocolat is loosely autobiographical  adapted from the childhood memories of the director  and is slowly paced and as mysterious as the brooding isolation of the land on which it is filmed . denis makes her point about the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing the characters . there are no victims or oppressors  no simplistic good guys . prote is a servant but he is also a protector as when he stands guard over the bed where aime and her daughter sleep to protect them from a rampaging hyena . it is a sad fact that prote is treated as a boy and not as a man  but bankol imbues his character with such dignity and stature that it lessens the pain . because of its pace  western audiences may have to work hard to fully appreciate the film and denis does not  in roger ebert  s phrase   coach our emotions  . the truth of chocolat lies in the gestures and glances that touch the silent longing of our heart .  
despite the patronage of george lucas  this captivating and totally original fantasy in  lumage   a combination of animation through live action cut  outs  is about as far removed from the usual kiddie fare as anything made by ralph bakshi in his heyday . brilliantly conceived characters such as the shape  shifting dog ralph  one of a duo of bumbling  rejected heroes   synonamess botch  the hilariously foul  mouthed villain  and rod rescueman  the pompous novice superhero  breathe life into a uniquely clever concept frivoli vs . murkwood or  the eternal fight between dreams and nightmares . in this context  the mor  infused songs on the soundtrack ought not to have worked but somehow they do . it  s a real pity  therefore  that i have had to watch this via a truly crappy  looking boot  culled from a tv screening  of the uncensored version  there is also a milder variant that toned down the language for its vhs release  since the film is otherwise unavailable on dvd . interestingly  both henry selick and david fincher worked on this picture in subordinate capacities .  
a lush fantasy world with quirky characters and annoying    s music . this epitomizes the    s desire to rewrite fairy tales and make fun of how they work . personally i liked greensleeves and the other harsher characters . they had some of the more amusing lines .  
you  ll probably never see it  but the uncut version is about    better than the one you can buy . put it another way once you  ve seen it in its original form  the current version is only half as good .  br    br   it  s still wildly creative and sick  a total success on so many levels .  br    br    
this is the kind of picture john lassiter would be making today  if it weren  t for advances in cgi . and that  s just to say that he  d be forgotten  too  if technology hadn  t made things sexy and kewl since     .  twice . . .  has got the same wit  imagination  and sense of real excitement that you  d find in a pixar flick  only executed under the restrictions of the medium c .     . innovative animation techniques combine with a great script and excellent voicing to produce a movie that appeals on lots of levels . it should be spoken of in the same breath with  spiritited away  and  toy story  .  
one of the most unheralded great works of animation . though it makes the most sophisticated use of the  cut  out  method of animation  a la  south park    the real talent behind  twice upon a time  are the vocal characterizations  with lorenzo music  s  carlton from tv  s  rhoda   woody allen  ish ralph  the  all  purpose  animal being the centerpiece . the  accidental nightmare  sequence is doubtless one of the best pieces of animation ever filmed .  
ralph and mumford  misfits in their own land  get duped into being unwitting pawns of synanomess botch . twice upon a time is the story of them  the characters they meet  and their struggle to set things right . with a surprisingly impressive soundtrack and wonderful voice acting by some of the best in the business  this offbeat movie hits the mark .  br    br   the animation process  while similar to that of the cut out  south park  style  is much smoother and far more three  dimensional . if i didn  t know that the animation was this style  i would swear that is was traditional pen and ink . if you can watch this film in dolby surround or thx  please do  you won  t really miss anything if you don  t  but if you do  you will get much more out of the experience   
ok  as far as the  versions of this movie . there were  people involved in the making  john korty and bill couterie  george was just the producer  he really didn  t have any kind of say so in the film  just helped with money   the  adult  version was made possible by bill couterie . john korty didn  t like or approve this version  as it was done behind his back  . thanks to ladd films going under  they didn  t advertise this movie and threw all their advertising cash for  the right stuff   hoping it would pull them through . . . and it didn  t . so  this movie never really had a chance . when  twice  made it to cable  hbo   they showed the reels with bill  s version and john threatened to sue if it was shown anymore  did you notice how the  adult  version wasn  t on for very long   . showtime got the  clean  version . the version on the videotape and laser  disc is the version approved by john  who holds more power than bill  . it  s a pity  really  as the  adult  version is actually better and does make more sense . but it  s very doubtful that it will ever be released in that version onto dvd  or any other format short of bootleg  . sorry to disappoint everyone . i know all this info as i used to be the president of the twice upon a time fan club  still have numerous items from the movie  used to own a letter  boxed version of the  adult  version  but it was stolen  only have a partial hbo copy of it now  .  stars to the  adult  version   to the  clean  version . any other questions  just ask .  
i don  t watch soaps . my grandmother still watches that one with the hour glass . i made fun of them it when i was ten  it was so easy  .  br    br   but this movie takes parody and spells it a new way . i found the story pretty damn funny . the fashions of the    s  shoulder pads  sequins  and polyester  just top it off . the huge hair  the high heels  and the histrionics  what a combination .  br    br   and all the actors just go to town  chewing up their parts and spitting them out in a big well scripted pile . sally  kevin  elisabeth  wonderful  whoopi  great  robert downey  refreshing to see him back when he had such potential  before the tabloids . and garry why did we have to wait so long to see him on film  leesa gibbons  hadn  t been missing her  but nice to include her as a real life entertainment reporter  and where do you apply for that job  anyway   .  br    br   admittedly  i could have done without sally climbing the drainpipe . lucy ricardo did it  how many times   as has every comedienne from carol burnett to i don  t know who and i  m so done with it now  i could spit peanuts if i had them . apparently it  s what you do when you  re being funny in a tall building in new york . i  m just thankful they didn  t pull out the flagpole bit .  br    br   but it was cute  it was funny  it had plot twists  it had an after credits ending before that was common  it had clothes worthy of a second glance  it had a great cast and it  s got personal memories for me . really  what more do you need   
i went and saw rivers and tides again today . it  s the second time in two days and yes  i do see movies i like as many times as is necessary . yesterday i was struck by the brilliance of the images and goldsworthy  s works . this morning when i threw the coins i received    the abysmal  water  . goldsworthy has an affinity with water  hence the title . i received the  th line changing which moved to   the army . to blake art was a war . anyway  i knew i had to see the film again .  br    br   i read one of the few reviews extant online from the sf examiner . the critic loved the film but said goldsworthy  s comments got in the way of his enjoyment of the film . he  d rather have only the images and the wonderful soundtrack . so i was aware of that as i watched this second time .  br    br   yesterday i thought that i  d vote for andy goldsworthy as king of the world . well today i could get a little bit beyond the images and listen to what he had to say . could i enjoy the film without his comments  what he is doing  what he is saying goes way beyond  art  . his understanding of water  time  stone  change  and on and on made me think the man is the reincarnation of lao tsu or some avatar . some of his work  words are zen like . his knowledge . . .  br    br   anyway  the film is only  apparently  being shown here in the bay area . be a trend setter . go to your local cinema and tell them  no insist that they have to book a film you  ve heard about from the hinter lands . it  s called rivers and tides .  br    br    
as a person who sought out an existence as a  professional  person with income backed by a bs in chemistry and ms in business management  my sanity was always spasmodically sustained in outside indulgences in things more artistic . my post  post graduate classes were always emotionally and spiritually supported by an interest in photography  stained  glass  ceramics  metal forging  welding  and art drawing that also included silk screening .  br    br   i also keep healthy with jogging  walking and lately  hiking to remote destinations in california and nearby states like utah  arizona  and nevada . jogging  walking and hiking gets one close to the earth with time to stop and watch and listen and also photograph or record sounds .  br    br   within that background  i was obsessed with rivers and tides . i was equally impressed with the documentary content of artist andy goldsworthy as well as the skills and smoothness of director  cinematographer thomas riedelsheimer . i actually could not separate the art of goldsworthy with camera path of riedelsheimer .  br    br   wonderful . wonderful . wonderful .  
  br    br   so  not being a poet myself  i have no real way to convey the beauty and simplicity of this documentary . the effortless motion of goldsworthy  as he molds natures beauty into his own work is captivating . watch him stick reeds together in a web hanging from a tree in a close up for a few minutes while he speaks of his work  and then receive the payoff when the camera cuts to the wide shot . be amazed by the ease with which he operates and then realize the futility when a slight breeze knocks down the entire web .  br    br   the genius of goldsworthy seemingly knows no bounds as his inspiration is nature itself . it is in the essential change of nature where his work  though complete in its own sphere  is made whole .  
this film is mesmerizing in its beauty and creativity . an artist  s profound vision  his art that springs intuitively from its natural source brings us an inspiring hosanna  blending his creations with trees  white water dashing against rocks  fields and rain . . . andy goldsworthy makes the viewer feel joy in being alive  aware that we are all made of the clay of this glorious earth . he doesn  t spare us his occasional frustration  but on the whole we see the miracle in joining art with nature . credit also goes of course to the filmmaker  thomas riedelsheimer  who directed  photographed and edited the movie with incredible sensibility and perfect timing .  br    br   if you have any feeling for beauty  nature and art . . . do not miss this fantastic film   
go see this movie for the gorgeous imagery of andy goldsworthy  s sculptures  and treat yourself to a thoroughly eye  opening and relaxing experience . the music perfectly complements the footage  but never draws attention towards itself . some commentators called the interview snippets with the artist a weak spot  but consider this why would you expand on this in a movie  if you can read andy  s musings at length in his books  or attend one of his excellent lectures  this medium is much more suitable to show the ephemeral nature of the artist  s works  and is used expertly in this respect .  
a new way to enjoy goldsworthy  s work  rivers and tides allows fans to see his work in motion . watching goldsworthy build his pieces  one develops an appreciation for every stone  leaf  and thorn that he uses . goldsworthy describes how the flow of life  the rivers  and the tides inspires and affects his work . although  i was happy the film covered the majority of goldsworthy  s pieces  no snowballs   i do feel it was a bit long . the film makers did a wonderful job of bringing goldsworthy  s work to life  and created a beautiful film that was a joy to watch .  
right at this moment i am watching this movie for the second time  on television  and for the second time i fell into it when it was running for an hour already  i think i saw  minutes more this time  this movie is really impressing  the way goldsworthy looks at nature  changes nature in a way that you yourself would never think of  really is amazing . this whole movie gives you a warm feeling  seeing him play with the world around him with such love . or only seeing his hands  covered in dirt and with broken fingernails  it just touches you .  
this movie is probably for you . it had an overall meditative quality from the music  to the beautiful photography  and listening to the often clich things about life that andy goldsworthy would say as he worked or in between shots . if you  re familiar with buddhism  that is the sort of the sense i got out of this film . the impermanence of life  the beauty of nature  the interconnectedness of all things  etc . however  what i did not understand  confused  and ultimately forced me to leave without finishing  i saw over an hour of it  was the redundancy of the whole thing . you only find out bits and pieces of why he  s commissioned  and how he can even afford to live off of this kind of work . the art work comes alive but all his talking with no conclusions leads to dead ends .  
i first saw this absolutely riveting documentary in it  s initial release back in      and it really had a profound effect on me  so much that i bugged several of my friends to see it with me on repeat screenings . the bottom linenone of my friends walked away disappointed  ever   . this stellar film is about scottish conceptual artist  andy goldsworthy  who creates some absolutely beautiful pieces of art using natural materials  wood  water  flowers  rocks  etc .  to create pieces that eventually return to their natural form  a statement in the temporary state of everything   . we get to see goldsworthy create several works of temporary art  as well as some of his long term installations in major galleries around the world  as well as a few pieces in the natural world  as well . german film maker  thomas riedelsheimer directs  photographs  edits this meditation on the creative process that is a real treat for both the eye  ear  with an ambient musical score  composed  performed by fred frith  who  s music is generally edgy experimental  noise textured guitar  as well as a capable ensemble of musicians  . although this film has been available on dvd for some years now  if you can find a cinema that is highlighting a revival of this fine film  by all means  seek it out  it  s easily a film that was composed for the large screen  with a proficient sound system to truly experience this film the right way  . no mpaa rating  but contains nothing to offend  unless the live birth of a sheep on screen is destined to offend or disturb   
this has by far been one of the most beautiful portraits of a person that i  ve ever seen on screen . andy goldsworthy is a kind of man that is upon extinction . he views the earth and nature with such admiration and respect that it  s primitive in a good sense . his purity  honesty and kindness breathes clearly as you watch him work in such simplistic yet full of life momentary pieces of art . i was amazed how patiently he created his pieces and how patiently he accepted their end . sometimes prematurely  but his scottish sense of humor covers his disappointments brilliantly . the film is shoot elegantly and contains the same flow that goldsworthy  s art has . it combines nature and art in a minimal way as it is in itself . fred frith  s score is organic enough that it blends everything together without interfering with it naturalistic sound . this is overall a great piece of work in every aspect . it has no boundaries as far as age goes .  
way back in      the british made a comedy called simon and laura  with peter finch and the brilliant kay kendall . to this day  it stands as one of the finest examples of british comedy and  more particularly  about how television sitcoms become so popular . it was  and is  an excellent example also of self  referential cinema .  br    br   so also soapdish  a film i  d never heard about until a few nights ago when i caught it on late tv . i was a bit dubious at first simply because comedy is so difficult to do well  as you know .  br    br   however  i was pleasantly surprised and delighted to watch a very clever satire about daytime american tv . in fact  it  s been a while since i laughed so heartily . so  if you like satire  i  d recommend you see it .  br    br   the main actors  sally field  kevin kline  robert downey and cathy moriarty  quite simply do an excellent job  revealing just how bitchy and shallow the business of acting is . as i watched it  i kept thinking to myself just how much of this bitchiness carries over into real life  that is  if actors ever do have a real life  as you probably know  peter sellers  for example  was notorious for hiding his true persona behind a multitude of characters  so that nobody really knew the real person . so  as i watched sally field playing celeste talbot playing maggie  i thought again about that earlier british film with kay kendall playing laura playing a character in a tv sitcom opposite peter finch . . .  br    br   is it any wonder that some actors have nervous breakdowns  and that feeling was crystallized when celeste finally confronts her daughter  lori  played by elizabeth shue  and  in an emotional moment  repeats the fictional lines she  d used  on a prior episode of her daytime soap  when confronting her fictional daughter in that show  are you confused  well  it  s not all like that  but the dialog is stunning for originality  comedy  bitchiness  anger  depravity  duplicity  and even . . . love .  br    br   the story  well  there are many stories in this film  all interwoven  and which all come together at the end  of course  but not like a robert altman film  okay    and not all of them are resolved finally . life  s not like that anyway  right  the pace is almost frenetic  and you really do have to watch and listen carefully to catch all the sight gags and subtle jokes . spend the   minutes from your life and watch it you won  t regret the time usage .  br    br   the rest of the cast all perform well  although i  ve never taken much to whoopi goldberg . perhaps the funniest exchanges are between robert downey and cathy moriarty and  for my money  the latter steals so many scenes from others  she gets my vote as the outstanding player . i kid you not  she gives the term bitch an entirely new face . . .  
this film is stunningly beautiful . goldsworthy  s art really benefits with the medium of film because you can see the art at its most beautiful  moving and changing and blossoming . i strongly recommend this movie to everyone . i can think of nothing else to say about it . it  s just the kind of movie you have to see  because it  s so visually compelling and left me very refreshed when i left the theatre .  
a very engaging documentary about scottish artist andy goldsworthy  whose work consists mostly of ephemeral sculptures made from elements from nature . his work is made of rocks  leaves  grass  ice  etc .  that gets blown away when the tide arrives at the beach or the wind blows at the field . thus  most of goldsworthy  s works don  t really last  except as photos or films of what they were . now  one can argue that goldsworthy  s works are a reflection of mortality  or words to that effect  but isn  t it easier to say that what he does is just beautiful art . and at a time when the stereotype about artists is that they are mostly bitter  pretentious  often mentally unstable people who live in decrepit urban settings  goldsworthy seems to be the opposite a stable  unpretentious  family oriented person who loves nature and lives in a small village in scotland  of course  i  m sure those are the same reasons why he  s shunned by some people on the art world who found his works fluffy or superficial  .  
the scottish artist andy goldsworthy fashions natural materials into ephemeral artworks  assembling rocks into egg  shaped cairns  filling riverside rock  pools with fiery flowers and stitching thorns and twigs into intricate web patterns . an original work and a few photographs of his other creations are tucked away in a corner of southampton art gallery  near where i live   but although i found these pieces intriguing  i only realised the wonder of goldsworthy  s work when i was lucky enough to catch a re  screening of rivers and tides .  br    br   thomas reidelsheimer  s film  accompanied by a beautiful instrumental soundtrack by fred frith  brings goldsworthy and his art to life by showing the artist at work . the opening scene captures him fusing icicle fragments into a snake  like thread set atop a tree  stump . working with his teeth and bare hands  goldsworthy crafts a beautiful  ephemeral work . before long this delicate sculpture melts away to nothing in the brilliant nova scotian sunlight . this scene is among the most beautiful in the film  but the breadth and inventiveness of goldsworthy  s work is remarkable . reidelsheimer shows both the successes and the failures  capturing the frustration of pieces that collapse before they are completed as well as the glory of those that shine  even if for just a few hours  minutes or seconds .  br    br   goldsworthy himself provides the narration  speaking slowly but thoughtfully about the themes in his work . he makes plain his need to work with nature  to be alone in it and to further his understanding of it through trying to work with natural materials  even when they seem to be working against him . at times he is down  to  earth and humorous at other times he struggles for the words to express his purpose  something which is quite understandable when witnessing his astonishing work first hand . the  rivers and tides  of the title become increasingly pertinent as we see the natural materials pass through the artist  s hands  flowing from one form to the next . the capture of the creation and dissolution of goldworthy  s work is in itself a striking piece of art .  br    br   although goldsworthy works with widely varying materials and covers territory across north america and europe  the presentation of artworks one after the other in this film is exhausting it gave me the same feeling of fatigue that i get when i spend too long in an art gallery and struggle to take in anything new . a brief interval in which we are introduced to andy  s family and hometown is all that breaks the long succession of his artworks . nevertheless  reidelsheimer does a superb job in photographing goldsworthy and his creations  locating them in their wider environments  from meandering canadian rivers to rainy scottish hillsides . fittingly  the film ends with goldsworthy casting handfuls of earth and snow into the sky . fleeting patterns emerge from the dust particles even as they dissipate into the air this is the purest expression of the beauty to be found in the work of this remarkable artist .  
the filmmaker inhaled andy goldsworthy  s art  his search for closeness with the land and the water  and his sense of proportion   and so gently  so beautifully breathed it back on to film for the rest of us .  rivers and tides  loves goldsworthy  s work and joins it as a visual concert of time and human presence in a flowing world  a world that hides its power in plain sight . see this movie   
being a fan of andy goldsworthy  s art for a while now  and owning some of his books  i had some expectations of what i would see . what i got was something completely satisfying  and quite a bit more than i expected . being an artist myself  i work in clay   finding inspiration within our surroundings to make good art is imperative  and it is something andy goldsworthy has mastered . following him over the course of a year  the director captures the spontaneous energy  skill  and devotion to the artists connection with nature with dratic inspiring flair . the music set to the film is embracing and intoxicating . if you are an artist in need of inspiration  or anyone else in need of an uplifting experience  then see this movie . i for one am glad to know that andy is somewhere out there . creating  dancing  wrestling with the forces of nature to make our world more beautiful .  
this german documentary  in english  is about a scottish environmental sculptor named andy goldsworthy . he makes art from objects he finds in nature . for example  early in the film we see him taking sections of icicles and  gluing  them together with a little moisture into a serpentine shape that seems to repeatedly go through a vertical rock .  br    br   of course  the icicles melt  but that transience is a part of most of goldsworthy  s work . he goes to a site and gets a feeling for it  deciding intuitively what to make that day . he talks of having a  dialog  with the rocks and other materials that he works with  attempting to work with rather than against them . it might be stones  or flowers  or leaves  or sticks . the sculpture might last for minutes or years  or might not even last long enough to be completed and photographed . the work seems to be more of a process than a goal .  br    br   the film  and the work  is beautiful  inspiring  and thought provoking . it moves pretty slowly  which is appropriate for the material  but you should be sure to go when you have had a good night  s sleep . but do go if you have the opportunity .  br    br   search the web for some other pages about andy goldsworthy or to read about his local sculpture at stanford university . there are also several books available with photographs of his sculptures .  br    br   my thoughts skip reading this part if you want to find what this film means to you completely independently . i recall a couple of ideas that occurred to me while watching the film which i thought i would share for those of you still reading . first  the transitory nature of much of andy goldsworthy  s work reminded me of the natural ebb and flow of human life . we  re born  we live  and eventually we die . that  s natural  and that  s also naturally a part of goldsworthy  s art .  br    br   the other thought was to be awestruck with the way that goldsworthy has managed to integrate his passion and his work so thoroughly into his life . most of us have work which is tolerated at best  a life which we hardly notice living  and passions which we really mean to spend more time on  if we even remember what they are . andy goldsworthy has managed to create an amalgam of all of these aspects of his life that looks like it works very well  and is nourishing for him and those around him . wow .  br    br   seen on          .  
andy goldsworthy is a taoist master of the first order  expressing the way through his sublime ephemeral art . indeed  time and change is what his work is fundamentally about . i bought his first book several years ago and my family has marveled at it many times . so it was a treat to get to know the artist personally through this film  he is just as patient and gentle as you would expect  and has some wonderful things to say about the natural world  the deepest of which are expressed in his occasional inability to say it in words at all . he is like most children who play in the great outdoors alone  if they do anymore   creating things from sticks and sand and mud and snow before they outgrow it . mr . goldsworthy was given the gift and the mission to extend that sort of play to create profound visions of nature  and to open our often weary eyes to it in brilliant new ways . and always with the utmost respect  gratitude and humor of a wandering  and wondering monk .  
as the jacket proclaims  this film is  gorgeously shot and masterfully edited   and  yes  it is mesmerizingly beautiful . the timelessness that we perceive in stoic rock and in the unceasing ebb and flow of water frames the ephemeral works from goldsworthy  s hands so that in their very ephemeralness they point to eternity .  br    br   and so the beauty of his compositions haunt us with just a touch of melancholy woven in   or in the words of matthew arnold from  dover beach    br    br   listen  you hear the grating roar of pebbles which the waves draw back  and fling  at their return  up the high strand  begin  and cease  and then again begin  with tremulous cadence slow  and bring the eternal note of sadness in .  br    br   at one point near the end of the film goldsworthy says that  words do their job  but what i  m doing here says a lot more .  as a wordsmith myself i take no offense and not for a moment do i think him immodest because the combination of form and time and change and texture and color and composition that goldsworthy painstakingly and intuitively creates  is indeed something more than mere words can say .  br    br   at another point he remarks on  what is here to stay . . . and what isn  t .  that is his theme .  br    br   i think that artists sometime in the twentieth century became acutely aware of how ephemeral even the greatest works of art are compared to the vast expanse of cosmic time and so they began to reflect this understanding by composing works that were deliberately ephemeral . the idea was  that by emphasizing how short  lived are even the mightiest works of humans  a sense of the timelessness of art would be expressed .  br    br   perhaps part of the effectiveness of goldsworthy  s work is in this sort of expression . he painstakingly composes some form of straw or leaves where the tide will reach it  or places it in the river where it will be swept away and in this process is merged both the composition and its ephemerality .  br    br   both the transitory and the timeless are necessary for us to understand our world and our place within it . and it is important that these works be done within the context of nature so that what is composed is set within what is natural . thus the walls of stone and the eggs of stone that goldsworthy constructs are silent and solid yet we know that they are not monuments to eternity  but instead will stay for some undefined length of time and then dissipate and return to a state much like that which existed before we came along .  br    br   this is art as art should be  akin to the spiritual .  br    br   in a sense goldsworthy  s work is an inarticulated understanding . it is an experience purely of time and form . in a sense his work  answers  shelley  s famous poem  ozymandias  by saying  even as the tide washes the work away  and even as the river dissipates the expression  even so the art lives on because of our experience of it . similarly one thinks of tibetan sand paintings so carefully composed and measured out  and then just as they are so beautifully and preciously finished  they are given to the wind  so that we might know that all is flux .  br    br   yet  in the modern world these works of art endure in photos and videos . goldsworthy is an accomplished photographer  of necessity i would say  and all his works  even the unsuccessful ones  he tells us  are photographed so that he can look back at them in a more reflective mood and see what he has accomplished and what he has not .  br    br   this cinematic production directed by thomas riedelsheimer with the beautiful and appropriately haunting music by fred frith is not to be missed . it is one of the most beautiful documentaries that i have ever seen and one of the most spiritual .  
greetings again from the darkness . insight into the mind and motivation of a wonderful artist . how strange for most of us to see someone who must work . . . no matter the conditions  else his reason for living ceases . to see goldsworthy  s sculptures come alive and to see his reaction to each is extremely voyeuristic . this artist creates because he must  not for money or fame . it is his lifeforce . when you see his failures  energy seems to expel from his body like a burst hot air balloon . it is not the dread of beginning again  it is that he takes his energy from his work . watching him create just to have nature takeover and recall his work is somewhat painful  but nonetheless  breathtaking . he discusses flow and time in the minimal dialog and there appears to be little doubt that the artist and the earth are one in the same . when he says he needs the earth  but it does not need him . . . i beg to differ . only complaint is the musical score seems to slow down further a pace that is relaxing at best .  
on one level  this film can bring out the child in us that just wants to build sandcastles and throw stuff in the air just for the sake of seeing it fall down again . on a deeper level though  it explores a profound desire to reconnect with the land . i thoroughly empathized with the artist when he said   when i  m not out here  alone  for any length of time  i feel unrooted .   br    br   i considered andy goldsworthy one of the great contemporary artists . i  m familiar with his works mainly through his coffee  table books and a couple art gallery installations . but to see his work in motion  captured perfectly through riedelsheimer  s lens  was a revelation . unfrozen in time  goldsworthy  s creations come alive  swirling  flying  dissolving  crumbling  crashing .  br    br   and that  s precisely what he  s all about time . the process of creation and destruction . of emergence and disappearing . of coming out of the void and becoming the universe  and back again . there  s a shamanic quality about him  verging on madness . you get the feeling  watching him at work  that his art is a lifeforce for him  that if he didn  t do it  he would whither and perish .  br    br   luckily for us  goldsworthy is able to share his vision through the communication medium of photography . otherwise  with the exception of a few cairns and walls  they would only exist for one person .  
this is a romantic comedy with the emphasis on comedy for a change . as usual the lovers   sally field as almost  over  the  hill soap opera queen  celeste talbert and kevin kline as marginally employed and marginally talented actor  jeffrey anderson   are working at cross purposes  seemingly unaware that they are madly in love  etc . owing a little to bette davis  s margo channing in all about eve       and a whole lot to the slapstick theatrical tradition  sally field goes over the top towards hilarity as she malaprops her way to love and happiness . kevin kline  one of the more underrated leading men of recent years  is also very good and very winning as he manages to be handsome  vulnerable  egotistical and lovable all at the same time .  br    br   the misadventures center around celeste  s fear of losing her audience as she has entered her forties  and reach the crisis point with the arrival of her niece  aspiring actress cori craven  elisabeth shue  who turns out not to be her niece  with ensuing plot complications . cori manages to get a small part in the soap opera as a homeless deaf mute before discovering her true relationship to celeste  and to jeffrey anderson as well    but never mind .  br    br   as a romantic counterpoint or foil to the leads are robert downey jr .  soap opera director  david barnes  and cathy moriarty  montana and nurse nan  . david barnes is oh so hot for her  but she cares only about one thing getting rid of celeste so that she might shine more brightly on the set . to this end she gets barnes to do all sorts of things to wreck celeste  s career  but through happenstance and  or a perverse logic  all his attempts go awry  much to the delight of the viewer .  br    br   whoopie goldberg plays rose schwartz  the show  s chief writer and celeste  s alter  ego and confidant while carrie fisher has a modest part as the hard  as  nails producer of the show .  br    br   i thought this was funnier than the only other spoof of the soap opera world that i have seen  young doctors in love     which burlesqued tv  s general hospital and was pretty good  . soapdish is funnier with a daffy script and plenty of laugh  out  loud one  liners and terrific performances by field  kline and downy  jr . but see this for sally field who is outstanding .  
i admit that for the first   minutes or so of this film i wasn  t entirely sure i was going to sit through the whole thing . like many other people  i found it pretty boring  and i wasn  t entirely looking forward to an hour and a half of watching this guy bite icicles and stick them together . however  if you sit through the creation of his first work long enough to see the finished product  you get an idea of how impressive the rest of the film is . i really think it  s sad that so many people found this impossibly boring or a retread of ideas done by other artists .  br    br   rivers and tides is a quiet study of some of the artwork and methods of andy goldsworthy  who makes his art entirely out of things in nature  generally resulting in pieces that will be consumed by nature through the normal process of entropy . it is slow moving and unglamorous  but i think that a lot of the point of the movie is to show that goldsworthy  s art does not need any accompaniment in order for it to be appreciated . i  ve even heard people complain about how he is always talking throughout the movie  rather than just letting nature and his artwork speak for themselves  which i just think is madness .  br    br   on the other hand  lots of people complain about cds coming with the lyrics written out inside them . a lot of musicians as well think their music should mean whatever the listener wants it to mean without the musician showing the exact lyrics  i guess i  m just the kind of person that believes that i  d like to know what the artist was trying to accomplish with his or her artwork . i can still take it how i want to even if i know what it was meant to do . i can understand not wanting to hear him talk through the movie . he does  after all  lose his train of thought and find himself unable to explain some of his work at more than one occasion  but if you don  t want goldsworthy talk about his art while you  re watching the film  feel free to turn the sound off . that  s like not reading the lyrics if you don  t want to know what a musician is singing and would rather interpret the words yourself .  br    br   i think that andy goldsworthy  s work  which i had no idea existed before i watched this movie  is incredibly impressive  and i  m glad that this film was made in order to showcase it . indeed  since his work is generally not the kind that can be transported into a studio  photography is the only medium other than film that can express it  and i really appreciated being able to see the work that goes into his art  and the way that only things from nature are used . whether or not you appreciate certain aspects of how this film is presented  goldsworthy  s work is moving enough to overlook that  because the film is not the star  goldsworthy  s art is . and given the lack of any music or even the smallest special effects and the slow  moving nature of the film  it seems to me that director thomas riedelsheimer knows that .  
beside the fact  that in all it  s awesomeness this movie has risen beyond all my expectations  this masterpiece of cinema history portrait the overuse of crappy filters in it  s best  paul johansson and craig sheffer show a brotherconflict with all there is to it . as usual a woman concieling her true intentions . the end came as surprising as unforssen as the killing of keith scott by his older brother .  br    br   the scenes in  wiking land  are just as i remember it from my early time travels .  to be honest my strong passion for trash movies makes this one a must have in my never finished collection .  br    br   i recommend this movie to all the people in love with the most awesome brother cast from one tree hill .  br    br    odin   
spoiler alert  this movie  zero day  gives an inside to the lives of two students  andre and calvin  who feel resentment and hatred for anyone and anything associated with there school .  br    br   they go on a series of self  thought out  missions  all leading up to the huge mission  which is zero day . zero days contents are not specified until the middle to the end of the movie . the viewer knows its serious and filled with hate but is never quite sure until the end .  br    br   now we all know  if the movie is based on the columbine massacre  the ending is pretty obvious . and the ending is no different than any other movie about the attack  they go and kill many of their fellow students in the end .  br    br   i have seen a lot of movies on this attack  and this movie by far is my favorite  and most respected . it gives the viewer and inside look to the lives of these two teens who hate life  and honestly it gives the viewer some what of an understanding  and a closure on the horrible event .  br    br   being only  when the events played out  i never knew the seriousness of the shootings  until my english class was assigned an essay or story on a defining moment in our generation . well i knew everyone was going to pick the twin towers  but i wanted to be different  because of course the twin towers was tragic and very defining  but i didn  t think it was the right choice for me because there was really no way of relating to that because  i was only in the  rd grade and i had no idea what it all meant . but the shootings did leave and effect . i remember the interviews  the sky views of the school  and the hurt and terror in the eyes of thousands of people .  br    br   this movie is a compelling  down to earth  and horrific masterpiece  and i would reccomened it to anyone .  
i saw this film at the rhode island international film festival and was completely blown away . the structure and execution of the film was fantastic . . . i know it won  t  but it really deserves an oscar nod . cal and andre were phenomenal as the two disturbed classmates . yes  the film is very controversial and i can see a lot of people having a lot of problems with it  as it deals with school shooting and especially makes you identify with the killers . however  despite its harsh and blunt subject matter  zero day is so worth watching . i  m looking forward to it coming out on video so i can buy it  it  s very  very good . very powerful and intense . . . the end shooting sequence leaves you speechless because it  s almost too realistic . their uncertainty  the  recordings   the footage and panic of the students  totally indescribable . i really hope it gets the attention it deserves . it  s done in the same format as the blair witch project  handheld camera  made to appear as a true home video documentary kind of film  but god is it infinitely better . very impressive  hats off to everyone involved . if you  ve got the chance you really should see it .  
what is most disturbing about this film is not that school killing sprees like the one depicted actually happen  but that the truth is they are carried out by teenagers like cal and andre . . . normal kids with normal families . by using a hand held camera technique a la blair witch  ben coccio succeeds in bringing us into the lives of two friends who have some issues with high school  although we aren  t ever told exactly what is behind those issues . they seem to be typical  a lot of people hate high school  so what  a part of you just doesn  t believe they will ever carry out the very well thought out massacre on zero day . the surveillance camera scenes in the school during the shooting are made all the more powerful for that reason . you can  t believe it  s really happening  and that it  s really happened . the hand held camera technique also creates the illusion that this is not a scripted movie  a brilliant idea given the subject matter .  
this film is scary because you can find yourself relating to ideas they have and can recall other people saying and having simialr ideas make this a haunting well done movie . . . . the camra style is not shakey to point it draws you out of film like blair witch it only adds to the raw  real  feeling of the film that makes it .  
i was lucky enough to see zero day last night . it  s an amazing movie . a very disturbing one at that .  br    br   in a way  zero day is very comparable to  the blair witch project  . it  s shot completley with handheld camcorders . it  s about  kids . just your average kids . andre and calvin . they start a campaign against there high school entitled  army of   .  br    br   the whole story is told in video diary form  from the  kids . it shows there relationships with there parents  amongst other people  showing that these are just normal kids  just like people we know or who have bumped into . we find out the army of   s last mission will be entitles zero day . they plan to shoot up there high school .  br    br   you see how they get access to there guns  how they plan it out  everything . they stress that the media has not affected them at all  and there is no reason for doing this . like i said  this is all told in video diary form  and then they store the tapes in a safety deposit box to be seen after zero day .  br    br   the actual shooting is shown through survillence cameras throughout the school . chilling indeed . the movie is very chilling . some of the things they say  how they plan it out  you  d just have to see it for yourself . one quote that i remember is the only time calvin is byhimself . he says  andre thinks were just gonna leave in some getaway car  doing this to numerous schools across the country . i don  t know what he  s thinking  but the only way i  m coming out of the school is in a black plastic bag  .  br    br   i  m probaly not even giving you guys the proper idea of this film . you really need to see it yourself . it  s going around festivals right now .  br    br   a .  
this is the best movie i  ve come across in a long while . not only is this the best movie of its kind  school shooting  the way ben coccio  the director  decided to film it was magnificent . he filmed it using teenage actors who were still attending high school . he filmed it in the actors own rooms and used the actors real parents as their parents in the film . also the actors were filming too using camcorders making it seem much more like a video diary . it is almost artful .  if that is indeed a word  there are a few slip ups however  for example when cal calls brads    land rover a range rover  or vice versa  it  s been awhile since i  ve seen it   
i am frankly surprised how little has been done in film on the columbine massacre . there isn  t a major documentary  very puzzling . fortunately we are graced with the talent of ben coccio who directed zero day  and gus van sant who did the equally fine elephant . two different takes on the event  which have in common the idea that the real cause of the massacre will always be a mystery  that there  s something ultimately baffling and unknowable about the motivations of the two killers  and what actually drove them to carry it beyond fantasy into horrible reality . zero day  purportedly made up of videotapes made by the shooters and found after the event  is absolutely riveting . even if you know where it  s going  you still harbor hope that it won  t  go there  . . . and the tension in the final minutes of the movie is excruciating . the film is terrific from top to bottom  from director to script  not much improvised  though it appears very spontaneous  to the two lead actors  and the supporting players as well . there is only one aspect of zero day that troubled me . okay  so we can  t fathom why the shooters would do what they did  but certainly one of the contributors was their anger . yet these boys don  t really seem angry . they may say some things to indicate that they are  but in fact they didn  t convince me that they had something inside them that compelled them to kill innocent people . but this still leaves me with the sense of  why     that director coccio wants me to have . anyway  rent or buy this movie  it will creep up on you and stay with you for a long time . the blair witch folks could only wish for the kind of success these guys had at making a mock documentary .  
everyone knows about this   zero day   event . what i think this movie did that elephant did not is that they made us see how these guys were . they showed their life for about a year . throughout the movie we get to like them  to laugh with them even though we totally know what they  re gonna do . and that gives me the chills . cause i felt guilty to be cheered by their comments  and i just thought cal was a sweet guy . even though i knew what was gonna happen you know  even at the end of the movie when they were about to commit suicide and just deciding if they did it on the count of  or  i thought this was funny but still i was horrified to see their heads blown off . of course i was . i got to like them . they were wicked  maybe  but i felt like they were really normal guys  that they didn  t really realize it . but i knew they were .  br    br   that  s  imo  the main force of this movie . it makes us realize that our friends  or relatives  or anyone  can be planning something crazy  and that we won  t even notice it . this movie  as good as it was  made me feel bad . and that  s why i can  t go to sleep right now . there  s still this little feeling in my stomach . butterflies .  
this movie is about a fictional soap opera . it is very fast and funny . to say anything else would ruin the movie . there are several plots and sub plots in the movie . this movie has ensemble cast with today  s hottest stars . they all gives over the top performances . this movie is favorite of mine from the year     . soapdish is perfect for fans of either daytime soap opera  or prime time soap opera    if you watch soap go check this movie it  s hilarious     
everyone knows about this   zero day   event . what i think this movie did that elephant did not is that they made us see how these guys were . they showed their life for about a year . throughout the movie we get to like them  to laugh with them even though we totally know what they  re gonna do . and that gives me the chills . cause i felt guilty to be cheered by their comments  and i just thought cal was a sweet guy . even though i knew what was gonna happen you know  even at the end of the movie when they were about to commit suicide and just deciding if they did it on the count of  or  i thought this was funny but still i was horrified to see their heads blown off . of course i was . i got to like them . they were wicked  maybe  but i felt like they were really normal guys  that they didn  t really realize it . but i knew they were .  br    br   that  s  imo  the main force of this movie . it makes us realize that our friends  or relatives  or anyone  can be planning something crazy  and that we won  t even notice it . this movie  as good as it was  made me feel bad . and that  s why i can  t go to sleep right now . there  s still this little feeling in my stomach . butterflies .  
i am a big fan of cinema verite and saw this movie because i heard how interesting it was . i can honestly say it was very interesting indeed . the two lead actors are awesome  the film isn  t ever boring  and the concept behind it  though obviously inspired by the columbine killings and the home movies of the killers  is really interesting . there are some weaknesses  such as the final   minutes which really detracts from the realism seen in the first hour or so and the ending really doesn  t make any sense at all . the shaky camera sometimes can be a distraction  but in cinema verite that is a given . but i still think the movie is very well done and the director ben coccio deserves some credit .  
as a fan of looking further into the phenomenon that is school shootings  this film took an interesting and different approach to the idea . presented as a series of video recordings made by the two troubled men  i cannot refer to persons who kill as boys or teens   the months of preparation leading to zero day  the codename for the day on which they will attack  the film tries to present the situation from the opposite end of the gun . it seems intent on portraying the pain they suffer  yet focuses on the literal preparation . the problem is that little in terms of emotion is directly delivered . the only point at which emotion became overwhelming was the ending  as expected . but leading up to this point  it  s never really clear as to why they are planning this out . we are told the obligatory story that they were mocked  but the film also seems to contradict this . without ruining the film  it  s easy to say it was a great attempt and had equally great intentions  but falls short because of sloppy film  making . all directing is amateur  to further the homemade video concept  but the story and continuity is weak . the film seems to want the audience to decide a lot  but also fails to provide the information for such an event . the ending is abrupt  and doesn  t feel like it finishes everything that the film began .  
zero day is a film few people have gotten to see  and what a shame that is .  br    br   when i saw the end  where the two main characters descend upon the room and mercilessly kill people  then commit suicide  and it made me grab my stomach . i was shaking  that  s how strong this movie is .  br    br   the movie is amazing . it  s too incredible not to get a perfect ten . it  s sad that so few people understand the true beauty of this film . it is not a budget which makes a film good  it is the amount of feeling the makers put into it which makes it good .  br    br   it leaves a permanent impression in your mind that you simply cannot get out . it makes you realise the true horror of shootings  especially if you were to know that person  and this movie makes you feel like you know these people .  br    br   i recommend zero hour to those who feel they are mature enough to watch it . i am fourteen  and i feel that this film is just too amazing to be put into words . it feels like you  re watching something that actually happened .  
this movie is one for the ages . first  i have to say after seeing this once  it became one of my all  time favorite movies . why  simple ben coccio  writer  director  has put together a true piece of art . where   .   of movies these days are purely entertainment  director ben coccio gives us truth  gives us reality  gives us a learning tool to know why this happened . the mainstream media spins and spins but ben coccio looks school shootings right in the face  able to go where no other form of media has ever gone before  into the minds and hearts of two young men planning to kill their classmates . while it surely is graphic and horrifying  how couldn  t it be  the gloves come off  the lies and the sugar coating of our media masters is brushed aside and we are taken to a place where we can find truth in what happened . sometimes it isn  t just a screw loose like everyone likes to think  no  sometimes hatred and isolation are deeper  are more human  we are shown that these boys are us and we them . society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real .  br    br   respect and love your fellow man . a lesson we all should learn  thank you so much for making this film mr . coccio  i hope with great anticipation that you will continue your film  making career .  
zero day has a purpose and this is not simply entertainment  it delivers a message about its specialised subject school shootings . charting the lives of two friends andre and cal leading up to an attack on their high school .  br    br   whilst the movie started in somewhat unassuming fashion  an impromptu announcement of the coming attack in amateurish teenage style followed by some brief encounters with the boys families . it is not long before we are down to business with the boys showing us their collection of guns  their fetishistic love of them  their sprawling sporadic narcissistic fantasies and even in a controversial scene how to build pipe bombs .  br    br   so what is the movie trying to say  what is really motivating these soon to be killers . it seems hard to really pinpoint . they certainly do not come across as cold blooded psychopaths yet they are planning an act of sheer brutality . this brings me to what i feel is the genius in part of zero day . cal and andre talk constantly about how much they are on a different level  how above the rest of us they are and how they will  leave us all behind .  like the columbine killers they truly feel superior . like nietzsche  s res sentiment cal and andre  s value system seems to have been born out of rejection from their society . yet we are given only glimpses of this  an expression of hatred for a popular athlete for example . so where is the motivation  what i feel is that coccio portrayed two individuals desperate to make a statement of superiority a gesture of their power yet who have no reasonable venue for it . hence they turn to mass murder and the kind of which that will garner them more attention than they could ever realise . this is why in part school shooters seem able to carry out atrocious acts despite coming from good stable loving homes . the murder is part of a fantasy  cal and andre are totally lost in their fantasy they almost fail to see the reality of their actions . they turn fantasy into tragedy .  br    br   what is secondly most enthralling about this film is the character development and the unique dependence cal and andre have on each other . andre is throughout the film overtly the leader of the two  cal  s embrace of his demeanour and attire seem somewhat forced . andre is uptight  andre is intense and serious . he completely shuns others except for his family  he is meticulous and precise about everything he does and for a while appears the prime mover in the plot to attack the school . yet he is likable in his own way  he does not embrace teenage nonsense and in part we feel compelled to agree with him  yet these moments are shattered by andre  s fleeting gestures of violence towards us the audience treating us as both confidante and potential victim . cal on the other hand seems more relaxed than andre  more accepting of reality . yet he is in his own way dominant . we have many personal moments of introspection with cal  s video diary  scenes when he is alone and apart from andre . cal seems to be struggling with his own personal demons and using their plan to exorcise himself of them . andre is jealous of cal going to the prom with an old friend  he wants cal all to himself . cal placates andre and encourages him . for the first time in his life andre seems to have found someone who believes in him and who admires him he cannot lose it . whilst cal has found someone offering him a way out .  br    br   the movie certainly picks up pace and improves as it nears its grim conclusion . there is an excellent moment when cal attends the high school prom . suddenly the star of the movie becomes shy and introverted  not at all at ease with his peers . yet we are inclined to feel more connection with cal than with the raucous bawdy crowd screaming juvenile obscenities whilst drinking heavily in their limo . theirs is an episode all too common and recognisable . we do not want to relate to them  when it is over and cal is back with andre silently preparing one of their final videos we like the characters feel once again at ease safe in the fantasy world they created . we feel like shunning the masses as they have .  br    br   the penultimate scene is superb . the final video sees andre and cal arming themselves in their car just moments before attacking . it is all too real and truly creates a sense of impending doom . by know we know cal and andre and are realising they are about to actually do it  with a kind of morbid fascination we are also relishing the films catharsis .  br    br   the massacre shot in cctv fashion is at times shocking  and whilst it was certainly the perfect choice to depict the massacre if we were going to it is not void of flaws . what is most significant is the sudden radical change of perception we have of cal and andre  looking at them in the this person suddenly they are the callous killers we knew they would become yet refused to acknowledge that they would . it is violent and real  our heroes have become monsters and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy  which costs them everything .  br    br   the final scene shows a group of teens filming themselves burning the crosses erected for andre and cal in disgust that they have been memorialised . having known andre and cal we can only feel almost a sadness that they are actually gone forever and that they certainly did not win anything .  br    br   zero day is a must see for anyone interested in these violent acts sensationalised by the media . it is a character study well worth experiencing .  
zero day is based of columbine high school massacre . and its a video diary of two boys . at first you don  t know whats going to happen you think it is just a bad student film . until they start talking about the horrible things they are going to do in this quite school . until they start talking about pipe bombs and guns and going shooting in the woods . they is a lot to say about this movie . all know this film is well a film you forget you watching a film and watching a real video two boys made .  br    br   the two boys act like they are in a weird cult . they burn all there stuff . like play station games books dvds homework stuff school stuff . these two boys can be anybody your friends you brothers or the people you see walking down the street . it goes through there daily actives  and that is making a gun . in the videos they make it mentions the bullying that happens to them and how people said stuff about there clothes and the things you are into i  m not saying its right but many people do do things like that .  br    br   and also the thing is with this people are suspected to like it because of the sensitive topic they have chosen on this film .  br    br   so thats my review on zero day .  br    br   and lets just say the end shooting scene is messed up .  
in my honest opinion  everyone should see this movie at least once . it really put things in perspective as i watched it . though it was fictional  this movie is about something that could happen to your children .  br    br   it shows how easily two kids can hide both their hatred for their school  and their plans to murder innocent students . this film would not have worked in any other format . they pulled off the hand  held camera  perfectly .  br    br   it reminds us of april   th       when eric harris  and dylan klebold murdered   students and then themselves . it also reminds us of the media storm that followed after . everyone wanted to see the rampart video and everyone wanted to see the basement tapes .  br    br   this movie is a fictional version of our dreams coming true . we get to see the kid behind the monster .  br    br   the only bad thing about this movie  is that it did not do well on the market  and few people even know it existed . if it would have had a single preview on a single blockbuster movie  everyone would have gone to see what the big deal was about  zero day .  br    br   i believe this is the best film adaptation of a school shooting of the few that have truly attempted it . the shooting itself only takes up about ten minutes of the hour and a half long film  because it mostly focuses on cal and andre  and what they did up to that point .  br    br   if you have not yet seen this movie  go rent it  and watch it . i guarantee that when it is finished  you will be speechless .  
chris and andre are two average  ordinary teens . misunderstood by some and picked on by others . but together they stand and all will pay . together they form  the army of two  . they scheme and plan  zero day  . that day is when they decide to storm their high school and inevitably murder   people in cold blood . told through the tapes that they made  zero day   it is barely a fictionalized telling of the columbine tragedy .  br    br    zero day  is one of those movies that will mess with your head afterwards . the two main actors  calvin robertson and andre keuck  do such a good job that their characters seem like almost any disenfranchised teen walking the street . their performances were very believable  you kinda liked these guys and that was scary . shot on video almost totally from the teen  s perspectives  zero day  feels very real and authentic  like you are right there . these kids try to rationalize their actions to the viewer and the actors sell it to you . but be warned it does follow the tragedy from beginning to end and the ending makes be shocking and uneasy for some .  
this movie was excellent  a bit scary  but excellent at that . for those of you that have heard of columbine and know the story  it gives you a idea of what and why these kids did what they did . in the back of your mind you know that people think of this stuff  but you never realize just how bad it is  and this movie makes you realize . it  s seriously that good . it also makes you think twice before you make fun of someone that  s for sure . i read a book on the columbine massacre and it made me think  this movie makes me worry and scares me to death . on the downside it  s like a how to kill someone guide for serial killers . i recently received a threat  and i blew it off thinking nothing of it  but after this movie i think you should take everything seriously . some people are crazy and you never truly know which they are  so take it seriously and don  t under estimate someone .  
soapdish may go down as one of the single most under  rated movies ever made .  br    br   a stellar  unselfish cast who understood exactly where the movie was going and the roles they played in it . while everyone hammed it up  there was no one  upmanship . kline showed wit and great physical comedy  goldberg and downey knew how to carry on a funny conversation while someone else was talking  i could just go on .  br    br   do not pass this movie by   
cutting to the chase this is one of the most amazing  most intense film i  ve seen in a long time . the first movie in years that left me absolutely staggered . i could barely feel my way out of the theatre  i was so overwhelmed .  br    br   i  ve been staring at the screen for about fifteen minutes trying to find some way to describe the power of this film  and just failing . highlighting any one aspect of it   the documentary  style video diary format  the unflinching portrayal of the events  the force of the characters   just seems to trivialise it all . some may find it laughable that any killer could be characterised as normal . but then not all killers are raving lunatics foaming at the mouth . many are quite regular  unassuming people . they  re just wired differently .  br    br   and that  s perhaps the most chilling thought of all .  
high school friends andre kriegman and cal gabriel declare war on their classmates and plan a terrifying assault on their high school . as they begin the deadly countdown to their final act of revenge  the two start a video diary to explain their feelings and chronicle their mission .  br    br   there is another similar movie like this  called  elephant .  why do i bring this up  to compare the two films  of course . i have to say  even though i liked  elephant   this is a much better film . what  s the difference  you ask  well  for starters  this is shot differently  much along the lines of  cloverfield    blair witch project   and  diary of the dead .  this makes the movie all the better because it  s much more painfully realistic .  br    br   but what won me over was how the movie was willing to show the  other side of the story .  you get to know these two shooters  unlike  elephant .  i actually cared for one of the shooters and could understand their actions and why they did what they did . this movie actually makes you feel sympathetic to these people and that  s a good thing because it  s not always black and white .  br    br   to be honest  this is why i almost cried in this movie . the characters are real human beings with logic and reasons behind their actions . you get to understand them . it  s not like they want to kill people for attention . overall  this film is emotionally gripping and very haunting and much better than  elephant .   
this movie is essentially shot on a hand held camera by the actors in it . in some ways a mockumentary in other ways a video diary from killers it is full on account of a  columbine  style attack . while this movie does not answer all the big questions  it does give you an insight into how easy it would be to get away with . through the movie you are shown how the actors illegally shortened shot guns  made pipe bombs and came up with an action plan for  zero day  . the actors  if you can call them that  were brilliant  they obviously borrowed heavily from there own lives  but at no stage did i detect them really acting  something tom cruise should try  . the use of the cctv and the    operator at the end was genius  but i  m not sure if we needed the very last scene . overall though a really good movie on a very tough topic .  
the thing that makes this movie so scary is the way that it portrays andre and calvin as  relatively  normal guys . these are definitely not people who want to become professional filmmakers since they goof around in front of the camera  forget scripted lines  etc . they are only making the video as a diary to show  the survivors  how normal their lives were . their parents just think the guys are filming for a family home video . by researching other kids attacks on their schools  andre and calvin learn what not to do and they inform  usually in a silly  this old house  kind of way  any potential  andres and calvins  who might be watching this video how to make bombs  get weapons  and not get caught before zero day  the day of the attack  .  
i just came back from the montreal premiere of zero day . . . and i  m surprised as hell to find a negative comment on the movie . basically the blame is about coccio doing an easy and overplayed social message . . . well  mr  i  m  a  reviewer  it  s an easy and overplayed critic of movies with a social charge .  br    br   not that i want to expose my life here  but i come from a small town with a similar school than these guys go . reject  ignorance on the menu . thing is . . . i understand how can young kids can be driven to do such horror . high schools have became battle fields of conformity . it  s a real ugly sight . you need to fight your way into being like the others . it  s hard to explain  bit a lot of people dosen  t realize that high schools are becoming cemeteries of human intelligence . meanwhile  parents are closing their eyes and smiling about how their life in their comfortable suburb is perfect .  br    br   the real motive of the movie isn  t about what is driving them . it  s about this death  like calm suburb and everybody closing their eyes and trying to create this atmosphere of a perfect town . cal expressed it well . it  s a wake up call . drama is everywhere and it can take every shape . in that case little dramas  like andre being called a faggot for wearing a j . c penny shirt  are shaping into being the worse nightmare of a whole town . andre  cal took the most extreme way to express their pain . the malaise of unconformity in an era where you need more than ever to be like the others to be accepted .  br    br   i like particularly the last scenes where some guys are burning the crosses of andre  cal  like if with the pain they communicated  cal  andre have communicated their blind rage to their community  their refusal to think about the causes of some acts .  br    br   it might seemed aggressive as a movie  but coccio is meditating more than whining or enunciating . what andre  cal are living is a reality . . . and a scary one that might get to other kids .  br    br   disturbing movie . . . home making and strong feeling made ben coccio do a very very disturbing movie .  
zero day leads you to think  even re  think why two boys  young men would do what they did  commit mutual suicide via slaughtering their classmates . it captures what must be beyond a bizarre mode of being for two humans who have decided to withdraw from common civility in order to define their own  mutual world via coupled destruction .  br    br   it is not a perfect movie but given what money  time the filmmaker and actors had  it is a remarkable product . in terms of explaining the motives and actions of the two young suicide  murderers it is better than  elephant   in terms of being a film that gets under our  rationalistic  skin it is a far  far better film than almost anything you are likely to see .  br    br   flawed but honest with a terrible honesty .  
saw this movie at the rotterdam iff . you may question some decisions of the maker  like choosing a mockumentary form for such a sensitive and horrible subject  but this movie sure hits you in the gut . especially the last scenes were almost painful to watch . hope it gets the distribution it deserves .  
as always  controversial movies like this have mixed reviews . you either love it or you hate it  and not everyone will like this movie . this shows the perspective of the killers  which is something i personally feel is something important to consider . you may hate them  you may claim to understand them and feel as though you can relate  but regardless this movie will make you think about school shootings from a different perspective .  br    br   the movie is shot entirely using a hand  held camera  something that i think works quite well as it makes it more realistic . it is told completely from the killers point of view  from their  missions  to family outings  all leading up the big day  zero day  in which they are planning on a massacre at their school . zero day does not offer answers  but merely presents a glimpse at the lives of two troubled young boys and lets the audience decide for themselves . our feelings towards the boys are something mixed between sympathy and hatred  but yet we are left confused as to why two ordinary young boys would do such a thing . they are shown to be surprisingly normal  typical teenage boys leading ordinary lives  and if we didn  t know what they were planning we wouldn  t expect a thing  they make it clear throughout the whole movie that no  one else knows about their plan   br    br   the acting is extremely good considering the two actors are complete unknowns . we can only hope to see more work from the both of them in the future . despite how this is a fictionalized movie  one cannot help but notice the obvious similarities to columbine . calvin and andre are scarily similar to eric harris and dylan klebold   not so much in looks  but in manner  as someone who has researched columbine very extensively  i could see the similarities and it is almost certainly based on it .  br    br   the actual massacre is shown through surveillance cameras at the school and is one of the most chilling things i have ever seen . i was completely in shock after seeing it  and its a feeling that stays around for a while . it is very realistic and well  done  and it is very difficult to watch .  br    br   all in all zero day is an excellent movie  and i think everyone should at least check it out . in the past  we have always simply branded killers  psychopaths  and assumed that either they were biologically wired for disaster or had media influence  but as zero day shows sometimes the motives are deeper than that  and we can never truly understand why tragedies such as school shootings happen until we have seen it from the perspective of the killers .  
i rented zero day from the local video store last week . i had never heard of the film and i had my reservations about it . just from looking at the box i knew the film was an indie film and therefore the quality was going to be less than a mainstream film .  br    br   i can tell you that after i finished watching zero day i immediately started it from the beginning again . the film was clearly following the basic outline of what happened at columbine high school of april of      but what struck me was how believable the two lead actors were . my first time through watching this film i wasn  t entirely sure if what i was watching were actual tapes left behind by the shooters at columbine . in the back of my mind i knew what i was watching could not be real but at the same time the acting was so convincing you had to keep giving your head a shake .  br    br   is the film disturbing  absolutely  are you going to see things that will make you question the merit of the film  probably . i think what most people will find disturbing is they will actually have feelings for the two lead characters  calvin and andre  played by cal robertson and andre keuck  . why is that problematic for some people  calvin and andre are planning a massacre at their high school . i know for myself  i felt an immense sadness for andre and calvin . i had empathy for them because their lives had come to such a horrific point . they had fallen so deeply through cracks that they had begun a journey down a road which could have been stopped  if only people around them had taken notice to their plight .  br    br   zero day is a phenomenal film . it gives you an up close and personal look to events that most of us will only ever see the conclusion to on the news . it leaves you thinking about the lives involved . and it leaves you perplexed how people get to this point . a week after seeing this film  i still think about it .  br    br   those of you who have not seen zero day please keep in mind the following the film is an independent with little to no budget and the film is shot on camcorders . the material in the film is disturbing . this is not mainstream hollywood and there is no happy ending .  br    br   but if you can put all that aside  zero day is a film that will stick with you and just maybe help you to open your eyes a little .  
if you  re looking for a hollywood action packed kid  flick with the common bad language and violence this may not be the film to sit down for . if you  re on the other hand interested in watching a film with youre children that has actually some values like showing the importance of friendship and truth this is the film to watch . looking at the program guide this is obviously what millions of other viewers have found . not many low  budget independent films have ever been aired as much as mr . atlas . the film is actually very funny as well as warm hearted and shows some beautiful locations masterfully captured by the sharp eye of the obvious brilliant cinematographer suki medencevic . also if you  re interested in looking at a muscular fellow with good looks the ladies can get an eye full . let  s support those who make good childrens film buy buying their videos and watching their products on tv . enjoy  
this is one of those movies  like dave  american dreamer and local hero  that holds a viewer  s interest time and again . lightweight movies seldom win oscars  but whoever did the casting for soapdish deserves one . even after one has seen the movie and knows what is coming  it  s still enjoyable to watch how the various plot facets develop . true  all the drama is melodrama but that  s entirely fitting for a movie with a soap opera background . my favorite line comes from whoopi goldberg  now why can  t i write sht like that   i think it  s unfortunate that the tv and website censors insist on all this unnecessary sanitation .  
i watched this film many years ago and have searched for it ever since in my opinion although very raw it is very educational as to what the future can hold i enjoyed the movie and to this this day rate it very high sorry to all those that disagree but a movie should always be judged each to there own and in my opinion its great give it a go with all the cloning and test tube babies that are happening today who are we to judge this film  this may be a dramatised event of what is to become but there you go . all the horrors of today are so far fetched even i laugh but this one gets me thinking and it scares me as a mother what if i was desperate  after watching this movie i would think twice sorry but i love the movie make your own mind up don  t watch the movie making  just aknowledge the story and ask yourself this how far would you go for a child   
the unborn is a very  very different film . james karen  brooke adams are in the film and they performed quite well . this film is builds up solidly and it keeps you going . though i think you must be a horror fan to watch this because of the scenes and the plot . there is one brief sex scene with no nudity that could have been left out and to some people this scene may disappoint someone like me that  s into the film and thinks that stuff ruins a good film but that  s it when it comes to that . there is a scene where adams  character goes nuts and kills a cat but you can tell its not real . the music is very different but very good . the unborn in my opinion is a really creepy film that  s superbly unpredictable and that  s quite strange  i recommend all horror fans to this movie   
the unborn tells the tale of a married couple named virginia  brooke adames   bradley marshall  jeff hayenga  who have tried for the last five years to conceive  virginia has had two miscarriages since then  is desperate to have a child . they visit dr . richard meyerling  james karen  for help after he is recommended by some of their friends  dr . meyerling says he will be able to help them have a child . dr . meyerling operates on virginia  it is soon confirmed that the surgery has been a success  virginia is pregnant . at first everything seems perfect  the marshall  s couldn  t be happier  but their picture perfect lives don  t last for long as virginia  s pregnancy develops problems  she becomes moody  acts totally out of character  she receives a worrying phone call from beth  jane cameron   another woman who has undergone dr . meyerling  s procedure  who claims that meyerling is in fact using his patients for his own sinister ends  is in fact a disgraced genetic researcher . virginia begins to question just what is growing inside of her . . .  br    br   produced  directed by rodman flender i actually thought the unborn was a decent horror  thriller  it  s definitely not a sci  fi film as the imdb would have you believe  that pleasantly surprised me . the script by henry dominic tries to be different  it must take some credit for that at least . the unborn goes for psychological horror rather than cheap scares  bad special effects  it  s got quite a clever story that works  plays on basic human fears . it moves along at a fair pace although it  s not exactly an action packed film by any means . the climax was good  seemed a fitting way to round things off  the warnings about messing around with genetics seem even more relevant today than it must have been back then  maybe flender knew something the rest of us didn  t . on the down side it lacks some exploitation elements  is at heart a dialogue driven film mostly focusing on one person so it can get a bit dull at times . also  i have to mention it  what on erath was that grinning black skateboarding dwarf all about eh    br    br   director flender does an ok job  the unborn is far from the most stylish or visually interesting film ever made but it  s good enough . the atmosphere is good  there  s a fair bit of tension as what virginia has inside of her  dr . meyerling  s sinister plans aren  t fully revealed until the last possible moment . disappointingly the blood  gore is almost non existent which in a way lets the film down because in retrospect nothing really memorable happens  the unborn relies on good storytelling which is fine but in a week i doubt i  ll remember too much about it .  br    br   technically the film is ok  i  d imagine that the unborn had a pretty low budget but it  s well made even if it  s a little bland  forgettable . the baby creature is actually a decent special effect  has fairly realistic facial movement . the acting is good  this was one of the first acting jobs credited to friends            star lisa kudrow  i have to be honest i don  t like friends  i don  t even know who she was in this so i can  t tell you how she did .  br    br   the unborn is a good horror  thriller that deserves to be more widely known  seen  it  s far better than a lot of low budget crap that litter video shop shelves . if your a horror fan  are looking for something a bit different  something slightly more intelligent  thought provoking than usual then i think you could do a lot worse than the unborn . followed by a dumbed down sequel the unborn ii       which i watched straight after this  check my review out if you want . .  
the unborn is a pretty good low  budget horror movie exploiting the fears associated with pregnancy . it  s very well acted by the always  good brooke adams and b  movie stalwart james karen  although the supporting cast is pretty average for a b  grader . the music  by gary numan of all people  is good too . henry dominic  s script is quite intelligent for this sort of thing  although there is a hint of misogyny about it . rodman fender  s direction is merely adequate  and there are some unnecessary cheap scares . if you  re a fan of adams  whose movie career is nowhere near as illustrious as it should be  check it out she  s great  as always .  
the unborn is a roger corman production and as such is nasty and tasteless . if you hate pregnant women  check out this movie because it  s chock full of preggo killings and failed abortions . brooke adams stars as virginia . her and her square of a husband go to some fancy fertilization clinic because they can  t have kids on their own . there they meet dr . meyerling  james karen of rotld     . dr . meyerling has had a very high success rate at getting couples pregnant .  insert joke here .  is it because he  s creating some genetic killer supermutant babies  that  s what virginia starts to think when she starts having some odd side effects and extreme moodiness from the treatment . that  s when she starts taking matters into her own hands .  br    br   on this one  you  ll have to get the rest of the details somewhere else because if i told ya all the goodies this one had you might hurt yourself putting it on your netflix rental queue too quickly . it  s a bit slow  moving for a while but once it picks up in the final third  all systems are go  very highly recommended by me on the strengths of its un  pc fetal violence .      out of seventeen stars .  
we saw this at one of the local art movie theaters in the montrose area of houston  tx . it was a total surprise compared to the write  up in the theater  s newsletter but we were both blown away by the artistry . it was beautifully done and  apparently  photographed in a schloss  german name for chteau  somewhere in the munich area . it is a very explicit exploration of the sexual relationships of a group of twentyish men and women isolated from the day  to  day constraints . it is fantastic on more levels than i can remember . we came home after the movie and talked and talked until about  am the next morning .  br    br   the version we saw was in english  mostly  so there must be at least two versions since the first reviewer saw the movie in  probably its original  german version . i searched and searched for a video tape version but never came up with anything . would absolutely love to have a vhs or dvd version of this . it explores relationships at a fundamental level and is also a great tutorial on how to relate to your partner . if anyone knows the writer  director  please convince him to release again  preferably on dvd these days . i cannot even imagine getting tired of watching the candid performance of the actors who are now probably all in their forties . please  please bring it back .  
love this film also . saw it when it was first shown i  n germany in a small independent cinema in frankfurt . it was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to . the erotic of the movie hit the spectators and the discussion with moritz boerner the producer and director was always underlined by that . in his genre it was a very ambitious movie even especially when you think that it was an independent movie .  br    br   it doesn  t exist much copies of that film  mortitz boerner came from the theatre and made two or three short movies more worked for tv as well before he became a sort of therapist .  br    br   for the people who wish to see that movie again  you could find it on his homepage which isn  t that easy to search for but its possible .  
this is one of the very few movies out there which are very erotic without being pornographic  despite there being only a very rudimentary plot . there  s not much live sound or dialogue instead  the actors do voice  overs describing their experience  why they participated  etc .  br    br   it  s a document .  br    br   it  s mind  blowing .  br    br   i can totally understand why nobody else ever tried to do something like this . there already is something like this . this .     br    br   nb the producer doesn  t have the rights to distribute a dvd version . i  ve also never seen it being sold anywhere one may email mr . boerner and order a copy on vhs .  
  kolchak the night stalker  is a hugely entertaining tv series in which a pushy  sarcastic  forty  something reporter is repeatedly drawn into mortal combat with supernatural  and occasionally extraterrestrial  forces . based on a very popular pair of tv movies featuring the kolchak character  this series died a quick death in the mid      s due to low ratings  but it nevertheless maintains a strong cult following today . but will the average modern  day viewer be able to dig kolchak and his weekly clashes with the undead   br    br   that  s actually a tough question to answer fairly . detractors of this series tend to argue that it  s formulaic and hopelessly dated . on the other hand  fans argue that it  s cleverly written  well  acted  and sometimes genuinely spooky . and me  i  ve got a foot in both camps . i thoroughly enjoyed watching all   episodes of kolchak on dvd recently  though i can plainly see that the series has major flaws .  br    br   i  ll address the question of kolchak being  formula  fiction first . now  i think we can all agree that most tv shows have formulas  just about every episode of columbo unfolds according to the same pattern  for example . repetition is not necessarily a bad thing in itself in fact  critics have long recognized that audiences often enjoy  and actively seek out  repetitive entertainment . however  the problem with kolchak is that its formula is simply too rigid  it  s too repetitive even by the most generous standards .  br    br   in almost every episode  kolchak investigates a murder  and figures out that it was committed by some form of monster . he tries to publish a story about said monster  but his editor vincenzo blocks him  always on the grounds that kolchak doesn  t have sufficient evidence to support his claims that supernatural forces are at work . and  alas  kolchak is also obstructed by the police . so  in the end  kolchak does some independent research on the monster  figures out how to kill it . . . and then kills it . without ceremony  or reward  or writing a big story about it .  br    br   you can see where this ever  so  strict formula might get tiresome  right  i  m particularly mystified by vincenzo  if kolchak  s always raving about monsters  and vincenzo never believes it . . . well  then  why doesn  t vincenzo fire kolchak  or have him committed  that  s what any normal boss would do . but the series eschews such realism and prefers to keep vincenzo and kolchak as comical antagonists . as a result  many of their scenes together are profoundly unbelievable  though they are also quite funny .  br    br   the very best episodes of kolchak manage to vault over the limitations of this formula  however  usually because they contain some kind of unexpected twist . these select episodes are good enough that i think they  re largely immune to typical criticisms of the series . some of my favorites include  br    br   horror in the heights  an episode that  s noteworthy for being grimy  inventive and socially aware . kolchak  s dialog has an unusually sharp and cynical edge . though it adheres closely to the kolchak formula  the script  written by hammer studios veteran jimmy sangster  is remarkably literate  and it delves deeply into the monster  s backstory .  br    br   the devil  s platform  a possible inspiration for the  omen  films  this episode stands out to me because the villain  a very young tom skerritt  tempts kolchak with a satanic contract full of goodies  and  in so doing  reveals a lot about the reporter  s character .   br    br   firefall  this episode appears to have a bad reputation among fans  but i enjoyed it because it  s got a great red herring and a really creepy  almost unstoppable  seeming monster .  br    br   though i  ve singled out these three episodes for praise  i  d say that most of the stories are entertaining at the very least . for my money  there are only two complete turkeys in the    episode run primal scream  which is about monkey  men running rampant in chicago  and the sentry  which features the dumbest  looking creature makeup in the history of filmed entertainment  and this assessment is coming from a lifelong doctor who and godzilla fan    br    br   on balance  then  this is a good series . a little repetitive  a little cheesy perhaps  but it has elements of greatness . even during the weaker episodes  darren mcgavin  s wonderful performance as the caustic  world  weary  endlessly funny kolchak truly shines . he carries the series effortlessly  in a way that  for example  sarah michelle gellar never managed on  buffy .  mcgavin was one great character actor  and this series is worth watching for him alone .  
since was only a toddler when this show originally aired i just recently picked up the dvd set and am wishing there were more episodes filmed . this show was a   s version of the poplular    s tv series  x  files   but with a bit more of a comedic  light hearted approach . but don  t get me wrong  some of these episodes have full on horror themes  many in which have some pretty greuesome plots  left to the imagination of course  this was the early   s television  .  br    br   some of the plots where a bit silly as well as the acting  but that is the charm and attraction to this series . whether you like mystery crime dramas  comedies  or sci  fi  horror themes  this series brought all that together . each episode clocked in at around   minutes or so   hour with commercials  and that   minutes goes by quick always leaving me wanting more . a great classic show that is underrated in my book   
fast paced and funny satire about that original  reality tv   the soap opera . the script by playwright robert harling is packed with one liners and ridiculous situations . the best of them is the climax  a live broadcast that quickly deteriorates into bad improv and a brain transplant . keven kline  s murdering of his lines  due to not wearing his glasses  is hilarious .  her brain will laterally explore within the next few houses .  the brilliant cast is on the same page as kline . sally field  elizabeth shue  cathy moriarty  robert downey jr .  whoopi goldberg  teri hatcher  garry marshall  and kathy najimy are all perfect . it is a treat to see a cast click like it does in this movie . this is a classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks .  br    br   p . s . the score by alan silvestri is an added bonus . it fits the soap opera with it  s flamboyant and melodramatic air .  
as much as the movie was good  i have nothing more to say about it than what was said already . all i wanted is to point the fact that the movie isnt from sweden but from denemark . maybe i wrong and in that case i  ll be happy to know my mistakes so take the and notify me .  
if mulder was looking for his real father here he is darren mcgavin  the first x files  pity it was only one season long the producers of this show didn  t know that they had the makings of a classic on their hands and in     along came chris carter with what i call the follow up to the night stalker  the x files . both will go down as classics is my opinion the two shows taking the viewers to a level of experience that only comes along once in a while and who should appear in the x files years later darren mcgavin  as agent arthur dales helping our two favorite hero  s solving cases . paying homage to the man i think so  well done chris carter bringing back a forgotten tv show in the form of david duchovny as darren mcgavin if it wasn  t for watching the x files and that particular show i would have never known about the night stalker .  
i barely remember this show  a little  but i remembered it was great  my eldest brother  reminded me about the show recently and i had seen an advertisement for the d . v . d set coming out . the network  again screwed up in pulling this from the air  so that they could put what else in it  s place  it should have gone at least  seasons . why not  right  i think sometimes that the network executives think they are the  gods  of the entertainment world . but they mis  guess and flat out miss good show placement from time to time . let it be said that  they have a lot more flops than  hits  . this was one of the poor decisions to cut from the line  up . anyhow  i am getting this for my collection .  
as a forty  something urban explorer  photography and longtime fan of the original kolchak night stalker series since my early childhood  one aspect that hasn  t really been mentioned is the amount of urban exploration carl  s character undertook during the series . he always managed to get himself in to one great abandonment  sewer or tunnel after another . armed with only his trusty penlight  okay  so he had some flares in the primal ape episode tunnel  and his camera  he never carried any other gear to either protect himself or make the exploration easier .  br    br   like many here  i recently purchased the dvd box set of the two pilot movies and subsequent tv episodes  and have been slowly revisiting all the shows . and although i remember watching them back in the early   s when they first aired  its been over   years passed . . . so many of them seem new all over again . campy  dated and cheesy  but charming and highly entertaining . they just don  t make stuff like this these days . now its all regurgitated spin  offs with predictable characters and plots .  br    br   thankfully  my    yr  old daughter has been sitting down to watch the episodes with me and has developed an appreciation for them  she enjoys the genre  . it gives me hope and faith the series will carry on to new generations of fans for years to come .  
kolchak is sheer entertainment . great stories and a great cast and nothing else to weigh it down . darren mcgavin gives an energetic performance that pulls the audience along with him . simon oakland  jack grinnage and ruth mcdevitt give mcgavin the kind of solid support that most leading actors can only dream of having . some excellent guest stars add colour and verve to individual episodes  erik estrada in legacy of terror  phil silvers in horror in the heights  antonio fargas in the zombie . it  s easy to see how a boyhood spent watching kolchak drove chris carter to create the x files . darren  rip . simon  rip . ruth  rip .  
there are two distinct ways to enjoy this snappily written  seminal tv show  the  godfather  to x  files and buffy  etc .   as a monster show  it scared the hell out of me when i was a kid    or as a well  written  acted gumshoe  film  noir . it works on both levels . the scariness may have been diluted over the years  it was made in the mid    s   but i was pleasantly surprised upon rediscovering the show  via dvd  that i actually enjoy it more now for the latter reasons . the late darren mcgavin is karl kolchak  an eccentric  tenacious  rumpled newsman  monster  hunter who  in pursuit of a story  always finds a supernatural angle much to the pain of kolchak  s over  stressed  put  upon boss tony vincenzo  played with tremendous world  weariness by the also late  great simon oakland you can practically feel the pain of his budding ulcers   . the interplay between these characters is crackling and witty  much like star trek  s spock and mccoy  only more acidic   . over the course of two pilot tv movies and a one  season series  kolchack fought vampires  robots  werewolves  witches  zombies  government conspiracies  aliens  and ancient legends  sounds like the entire  yr . run of the x  files  in one season   . and kolchak did it first  and as for composer gil melle  s cool  partly  whistled main title music . . . well  x  files creator chris carter calls mike snow  s  very similar  x  files main title theme an  homage .  both themes work well leave it at that . and unlike many modern horror  sci  fi shows  most of kolchak  s monsters are shown in shadow  and in quick cuts  effectively  and sometimes thankfully as some of them do not hold up to modern scrutiny but some still do  . modern horror shows take note less is more  one of the few flaws of the show  and it  s a small one  is the over  use of sunny  california locales passing for windy city chicago . night gallery had the same issue unavoidable for a modest  budget  l . a . based show . and some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what are  now  viewed as clichs  the effeminate reporter  ron updike  always used for comic relief sweet  old lady  advice columnist emily  . but  they all do have their moments to shine  unlike many supporting tv characters since  clich or not   . kolchak is a timeless show  that serves as a template for many that followed . and carl kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror genre tv show  agent mulder  s real dad  . and as a footnote  i tried watching a few episodes of the new   re  imagining  of the show . it  s an x  files clone  a copy of a copy   . and a bad one  at that . carl kolchak is now a model  pretty  angsty    something  played dismally by a boring stuart townsend  . and giving him a scully  type partner is also a lame idea it undermines kolchak as a lone  don quixote crusader  and kolchak and vincenzo getting along  where  s the tension  the interplay  that they chose to hang the kolchak name on this regurgitated bit o  crap is a prime example of how not to do a remake take a beloved cult series  scrape off everything unique about it  drain it of all character and color  but keep the name  need that cult cred    and voil  instant re  hash  it gets an  f  in  re  imaginings      this new version deserved the axe  stick with the short  lived  but classic original . it truly gets better with age .  
a couple of years back i had purchased  and enjoyed  the mgm double  feature dvd of the two kolchak tv movies  the night stalker       and the night strangler       . when the universal set of the subsequent tv series came out  i had intended to buy it immediately  but rumors of playback issues with the dreaded dvd    s kept me from adding it to my collection recently  i placed an online order which consisted of a spate of discounted universal box sets and decided to pick up the kolchak   discer as well .  br    br   having watched it now  i can safely say that i didn  t regret acquiring this beloved  if short  lived  crime  horror series one bit it may follow a standardized formula  dogged and resourceful newspaperman carl kolchak  marvelously played by darren mcgavin  gets into everybody  s hair with his attitude  flustered editor simon oakland  long  suffering colleagues  assorted authoritarian figures  a plethora of monsters and villains   faces up to the inevitable  and usually supernatural  threat alone but  finally  is pressured into keeping his story under wraps  but a winning one  further boosted by an impressive line  up of guest stars and notable behind  the  scenes credits   making the show a great deal of fun .  br    br   that said  quality varies from one episode to another and the modest budgets afforded them results in special and make  up effects which sometimes leave a lot to be desired  for instance  the werewolf in the eponymous entry and the goofy alligator creature in the very last installment   not to mention the fact that these were restricted to    minute programmes and intended for family consumption to boot rather precludes a simplified and wholesome rendering of its often intriguing psychological and metaphysical themes  in the case of the werewolf  again  he  s never seen biting anyone but  somewhat foolishly  is made to merely throw people around    br    br   while the hero  s cynical narration does a lot to pull one into the fanciful plots  there  s a healthy dose of comedy relief involved in each episode  often  but not exclusively  revolving around mcgavin  s relationship with either oakland or geeky reporter jack grinnage   to say nothing of reasonable atmosphere  the setting  for the most part  is chicago  and suspense . to make the ride even more pleasant  there  s a bouncy score by gil melle  and jerry fielding .  br    br   for the record  the monsters encountered  but not always defeated  by kolchak throughout the series are a revived jack the ripper  a variety of cults  voodoo  native american  aztec   aliens  vampire  werewolf  going round its over  familiar concept by having this particular episode entirely set on a cruise  liner    doppelganger  satanist  swamp creature  mass of electricity  robot  apeman  witch  headless motorcyclist  succubus  a knight  s armor taking a murderous life of its own  the episode with perhaps the best supporting cast  featuring john dehner as a morose police captain  hans conried and robert emhardt   helen of troy    and crocodile . some of the actors  other than those playing kolchak  s co  workers  return in the same roles  keenan wynn and ramon bieri  both as officers of the law   john fiedler  as a shrewd morgue attendant  and richard kiel as two distinct nemeses of the hero . if i were pressed to choose the finest  or most entertaining  episodes  i  d lean towards horror in the heights  co  starring phil silvers and abraham sofaer  and the afore  mentioned the knightly murders  while  as the weakest  i  d go for the werewolf  due to reasons i  ve already explained  and chopper  based on a story concocted by robert zemeckis and bob gale   .  br    br   unfortunately  the set contains no extras it would have been nice to see a featurette discussing the numerous concepts dealt with in kolchak the night stalker  as well as putting the series into the context of where tv was at the time of its original airing  or even denoting the lasting influence it had on the apparently endless run of sci  fi series popular today . in fact  kolchak himself  in a much younger and ostensibly darker guise  returned in a     revival this version is available at my local dvd rental outletbut  for various reasons  i  m not sure i  d want to check it out so soon after the       classic   
  kolchak  was a tv series that really didn  t fit into any category . part horror  part comedy  some social awareness thrown in  and what we have is something that i think people weren  t ready for . it  s a shame really  as i  ve started to watch these shows on the chiller network   i never saw the originals   i realized how different and interesting it really was .  br    br   starring darren mcgavin as kolchak a reporter for the international news service  and simon oakland as his always angry boss  tony vincenzo  the show followed the exploits of a chicago news reporter who more often than not  became a part of the story himself  as he searched the windy city for modern day creepies that go bump in the night . the underlying charm of macgavin really sets the show apart . a somewhat goofy guy  who always wears the same suit  you cannot help but love him . his jokes are great  and the back and forth between him and the skeptical editor  oakland  are downright hilarious .  br    br   the stories are for the most part pretty good  and the acting is very good . the    s were not a great period for special effects  and the show suffers for it  but if you suspend disbelief  what you have is a fun series that was ahead of it  s time .  
i remember the original series vividly mostly due to it  s unique blend of wry humor and macabre subject matter . kolchak was hard  bitten newsman from the ben hecht school of big  city reporting  and his gritty determination and wise  ass demeanor made even the most mundane episode eminently watchable . my personal fave was  the spanish moss murders  due to it  s totally original storyline . a poor  troubled cajun youth from louisiana bayou country  takes part in a sleep research experiment  for the purpose of dream analysis . something goes inexplicably wrong  and he literally dreams to life a swamp creature inhabiting the dark folk tales of his youth . this malevolent manifestation seeks out all persons who have wronged the dreamer in his conscious state  and brutally suffocates them to death . kolchak investigates and uncovers this horrible truth  much to the chagrin of police captain joe  mad dog  siska  wonderfully essayed by a grumpy keenan wynn  and the head sleep researcher played by second city improv founder  severn darden  to droll  understated perfection . the wickedly funny  harrowing finale takes place in the chicago sewer system  and is a series highlight . kolchak never got any better . timeless .  
i  d love to give kolchak a higher rating but the show quickly went from scary  suspenseful to silly . abc  s fault . they moved the show to friday nights at     p . m .  then known as the  family hour  . never should have been on fridays in the first place . i was a sophomore in high school and loved the early episodes  it was first up against police woman on nbc . abc had huge problems with friday nights . bad season for them overall until barney miller  baretta  and swat debuted in january of    . kolchak should have been a hit . darren mcgavin begged to get out of his contract to end the show . too bad the writing wasn  t up to richard matheson  s in the original tv movies . still  mcgavin made kolchak his own  as actors can do . jackie gleason as ralph kramden and caroll o  connor as archie bunker come to mind . that ins set with the manual typewriters and clacking teletypes seems quaint and ancient today  yet that was part of the appeal . they were very lucky to have simon oakland reprise  vincenzo  from the tv films .  
it  s a genuine shame that this spin  off tv series inspired by the superior made  for  tv pictures  the night stalker  and  the night strangler  only lasted a single season and twenty episodes  because at its best this program offered an often winning and highly entertaining blend of sharp cynical humor  carl kolchak  s spirited verbal sparring matches with perpetually irascible and long  suffering editor tony vincenzo were always a treat to watch and hear   clever writing  nifty supernatural menaces  gotta love the offbeat and original creatures in  the spanish moss murders    the sentry   and  horror in the heights   plus you can  t go wrong with such tried  n  true fright favorites as zombies  vampires  werewolves  and witches   colorful characters  lively acting from a raft of cool guest stars  legendary biker flick icon william smith got a rare chance to tackle a heroic lead in  the energy eater  while other episodes featured great veteran character actors like keenan wynn  john fiedler  john dehner  severn darden  and william daniels in juicy roles   effective moments of genuine suspense  the sewer  set climax of  the spanish moss murders  in particular was truly harrowing   and  best of all  the one and only darren mcgavin in peak zesty form as the brash  aggressive  and excitable  but basically decent  brave  and honest small  time chicago  illinois newspaper reporter carl kolchak .  br    br   kolchak was the quintessential    s everyman protagonist  a wily and quick  witted fellow with a strong nose for a tasty scoop and an unfortunate knack for getting into all kinds of trouble . moreover  the occasionally bumbling kolchak was anything but superhuman he usually either tripped or stumbled while running away from a deadly threat  yet possessed a certain inner strength and courage that enabled him to save the human race time and time again from all kinds of lethal otherworldly foes . kolchak was surrounded by a handful of enjoyable secondary characters simon oakland was perfect as carl  s chronically ill  tempered boss tony vincenzo  jack grinnage as the prissy ron updyke made for an ideal comic foil  ruth mcdevitt was simply delightful as the sweet miss emily cowles  and carol ann susi was likewise a lot of fun as eager beaver rookie monique marmelstein  who alas disappeared after popping up in only three episodes  . granted  the show did suffer from lackluster make  up and special effects  the titular lycanthrope in  the werewolf  unfortunately resembles a yorkshire terrier   and the latter episodes boasted a few laughably silly monsters  the headless motorcyclist in  chopper   cathy lee crosby as helen of troy in  the youth killer    but even the second  rate shows are redeemed by the program  s trademark wickedly sly sardonic wit and mcgavin  s boundless vitality and engagingly scrappy presence .  
warning possible spoilers  but not really  keep reading  . ahhh  there are so many reasons to become utterly addicted to this spoof gem that i won  t have room to list them all . the opening credits set the playful scene with kitsch late     s cartoon stills an enchanting peres  prez  prado mambo theme which appears to be curiously uncredited  but his grunts are unmistakable  and no  one else did them   and with familiar cast names  including kathy najimi a full year before she hit with sister acts    plus teri hatcher from tv  s superman .  br    br   every scene is imbued with shallow injustices flung at various actors  actresses and producers in daytime tv . peeking behind the careers of these people is all just an excuse for an old  fashioned  delicious farce . robert harling penned this riotous spoof that plays like an issue of mad magazine  but feels like a gift to us in the audience . some of the cliched characters are a bit dim  but everyone is drizzling with high jealousy  especially against celeste talbert  sally field  who is the show  s perennial award  winning lead  nicknamed  america  s sweetheart  . the daytime emmies  like awards opening does introduce us to celeste  s show  the sun also sets . against all vain fears to the contrary  celeste wins again . she is overjoyed  because it  s always  such a genuine thrill    adam  did you watch  i won  well  nguh . . .  the reason for adam  s absence soon becomes the justification for the entire plot  and we  re instantly off on a trip with celeste  s neuroses . she cries  screeches  and wrings her hands though the rest of the movie while her dresser tawnee  kathy najimi  constantly waddling after celeste  unseen through celeste  s fog of paranoia  indulges a taste for tammy faye baker  for which tawnee had been in fact specifically hired .  br    br   rosie schwartz  whoopi goldberg  has seen it all before . she is the head writer of the show  and she and celeste have been excellent support networks to each other for   years . so when celeste freaks  rosie offers to write her off the show for six months  we  ll just say that maggie went to visit with the dalai lama .  but celeste has doubts  i thought that the dalai lama moved to la .    well  then  some other lama  fernando lamas  come on   . such a skewering line must be rather affronting to still living beefcake actor lorenzo lamas  son of aforementioned fernando lamas  d .      .  br    br   those who can remember the economics teacher  ben stein  in ferris bueller  s day off       as he deadeningly calls the roll   bueller . bueller . bueller    will take secret pleasure from seeing him again as a nitwit writer . other well hidden member of the cast include garry marshall  in real life mr happy days and brother of penny   who  gets paid   .  million to make the command decisions  on the sun also sets  he says he definitely likes  peppy and cheap   and carrie fisher as betsy faye sharon  who  s  a bitch  .  br    br   geoffrey anderson  kevin kline  is the  yummy  with  a  spoon   and he is  by the way  dinner theater actor now rescued from his hell by david seaton barnes  robert downey jr   and brought back to the same show he was canned from   years earlier . of course this presents some logical challenges for the current scriptwriters because his character  rod randall  was supposed to have been decapitated all those years ago . somehow they work out the logical difficulties  and geoffrey anderson steps off the choo  choo .  br    br   celeste can now only get worse  and her trick of going across the washington bridge no longer helps . first  her hands shake as she tries to put on mascara  but she soon degenerates into a stalker . unfortunately  she cannot get rid of geoffrey anderson so easily . geoffrey  s been promised development of his one  man play about hamlet  and he means to hold the producer to that promise .  i  m not going back to florida no  how    argues geoffrey .  you try playing willie loman in front of a bunch of old farts eating meatloaf   and indeed  seeing geoffrey  s dinner theater lifestyle amongst all the hocking and accidents is hilarious . back in florida in his willie loman fat suit in his room  geoffrey anderson used to chafe at being called to stage as  mr loman  . he was forced to splat whatever cockroaches crawled across his tv with a shoe  and to use pliers instead of the broken analog channel changer . now he find himself as the yummy surgeon dating laurie craven  the show  s new ingenue so he  s not leaving .  br    br   beautiful elizabeth shue  as laurie  rounds out the amazing ensemble cast who all do the fantastic job of those who know the stereotypes all too well . but  of course  the course to true love never did run smoothly . montana moorehead  cathy moriarty  is getting impatient waiting for her star to rise  and is getting desperate for some publicity .  br    br   will her plots finally succeed  will celeste settle her nerves  or will she kill tawnee first  will the producer get mr fuzzy   you  ll just have to watch  the second half  of this utterly lovable  farcically malicious riot .  br    br   and you  ll really have to see to believe how the short  sighted geoffrey reads his lines without glasses live off the teleprompter . if you are not in stitches with stomach  heaving laughter and tears pouring down your face  feel free to demand your money back for the video rental . soapdish       is an unmissable gem that you will need to see again and again  because it  s not often that a movie can deliver so amply with so many hilarious lines . this is very well  crafted humor  almost all of it in the writing . a draw with blazing saddles       for uproarious apoplexy value  although otherwise dissimilar . watch it and weep . a happy source for anyone  s video addiction .   out of   .  
i loved kolchak the night stalker since i saw it on the night it premiered on september        . i loved the monsters which seemed scary at the time and the cool music by gil melle  hey  where  s the soundtrack guys   and have often thought about what makes this show work for me so completely and have finally concluded that the reason it endures when many others do not is one simple  important element it has that almost no other scary show seems to have and that is a main character that most people can relate to on an everyday level . when darren mcgavin  s carl kolchak starts to discover odd situations  he reacts like most people would . he finds them odd and as he gets closer to danger  he is frightened  even if he knows he must move forward to try to defeat whichever menace is being showcased in that episode . it  s rare that he is brave enough to stand up against some superior supernatural force . he  s usually set a trap and is hiding or waiting in the wings to see if it works . sometimes  he seems as surprised that he managed to defeat a foe as we are . in one episode  he goes to find a monster in a sewer but when he first sees it  he runs to get out of there but is trapped so reluctantly  he must go back and defend himself . he  s heroic because he is willing to do things most of us probably wouldn  t do but that doesn  t mean he probably wouldn  t much rather someone else did it instead of him . he  s a regular guy  doing a job  trying to make a buck  not a monster  hunter . he just gets wrapped up in things involving the supernatural  which he has an interest in but he doesn  t want to be hurt or killed anymore than any of the rest of us do . if his plan to defeat the creature didn  t work  you will often see him running for his life to get away from it  which is of course what i would do in the situation . that  s why i was often watching the climax of the shows through my fingers as a kid . kolchak was likable and you cared if something bad happened to him . you were scared for him and for the other characters too . the producers and writers obviously knew that anyone can create a monster suit  scary music and direct a suspenseful scene but it  s all for naught if you don  t care about the characters . darren mcgavin said that the reason why the show only lasted on season was because he got tired of doing a  monster of the week  show and he decided not to continue . i can tell you i mourned when this show was canceled when i was a kid but  as an adult  i can see why it couldn  t go on in that formula for very long . i still love the   episodes and two movies that starred mcgavin as the bumbling  determined and brusk but good  hearted reporter for the ins  known as carl kolchak . i seriously doubt anyone who makes shows or movies will ever really understand why i loved the show . it  s not the monsters  darkly  lit sets  creepy music or goofy guest stars  although they are all vital ingredients . the secret to it  s success is right there in the title   kolchak the night stalker  . without mcgavin  s lovable  bumbling carl kolchak to root for and to care for  then it just ain  t a night stalker .  
weak scripts at times  yep  cheesy special effects at times  yep  deliciously guilty pleasure most of the time  yep  more about carl kolchak and darren mcgavin  yep  i always enjoyed science fiction as a kid  but found so much of the dracula  frankenstein  mummy  horror stuff as just so much crap . it took abbott and costello to give me a new perspective on the classic universal monsters  and it took carl kolchak to win me over to the  dark side  of entertainment . the duke had rooster cogburn  eastwood had dirty harry  garner had maverick and rockford  selleck had magnum  and darren mcgavin had carl kolchak . mixed in with all those weak scripts  cheesy special effects  that baroque group of supporting characters and actors and guest stars  there was darren mcgavin as carl kolchak . he had a wry sense of humor in spite of the danger  was an idealist in his pursuit of the truth  and a realist when it came to accepting the obligatory incompetence and eventual cover  up by government officials . additionally  unlike    of us  kolchak was willing to stick his neck out and do what needed to be done  even if it meant his demise  the end of his journalistic career  or jail time . for all his faults  including no taste in clothes  carl kolchak was a man of charm and wit who drove a beautiful classic yellow mustang  which was an old used car at the time  on his way to save the day for humanity . as good as any other fictional hero carl kolchak was the everyman hero brought to life every week for one season thanks to darren mcgavin . now that he  s passed on and his show is on dvd  i hope he  s having as much fun watching me watch him have fun playing kolchak the night stalker all over again   
when originally screened in america in       the night stalker  became the highest rated made  for  t . v . movie in history . based on jeff rice  s unpublished novel  it told how a fearless investigative reporter named carl kolchak  the late darren mcgavin  discovered the existence of a vampire in modern  day las vegas . when it arrived on british television four years later  it did not quite have the same impact  but my friends were talking about it at school on monday morning  as indeed was i . we all agreed that it was one of the most exciting things we had seen .  br    br   i did not know of the existence of  the night strangler  until it turned up nearly a decade later . i . t . v .  who screened the  kolchak  movies  had apparently decided to pass on the spin  off series they felt  barnaby jones  starring buddy ebsen to be more of a draw  and anyway  viewers might confuse  kolchak  with  kojak   for years my only source of information concerning the show was an article in fangoria magazine . i could not even purchase the jeff rice novels .  br    br   then something wonderful happened . in      b . b . c .   put out the show as part of a late  night friday series devoted to the supernatural called  mystery train   hosted by richard o  brian .  kolchak  found himself rubbing shoulders with the likes of  the brain eaters  and  earth vs . the spider  . the opening titles were trimmed  removing kolchak  s whistling  and the closing credits . . . well  there were none .  br    br   the first episode screened was  werewolf  . i cannot say i was overly impressed  but stuck with it  and am i glad that i did   br    br   i really wish i  d seen it in     . my twelve year old self would have adored it . creepy  humorous  exciting  no wonder it fired chris carter  s imagination .  br    br   the show  s biggest asset was  of course  mcgavin . unlike the recent kolchak  the original was an everyman figure  eccentrically dressed  rather conservative . he was to the supernatural what  columbo  was to crime . the late simon oakland was great too as kolchak  s bad  tempered boss tony vincenzo . the scripts overflowed with wonderful  dry wit . i found myself enjoying the programme more for the humour content than the horror . when the twenty episodes ended  i felt bereft .  br    br    the x  files  came along a few years later and filled the void  but only to an extent . i wanted kolchak and vincenzo back . i am glad that the show was never revived though . without oakland it would not have been the same .  br    br   i have the rice books now and have read them several times . i was very surprised when stephen king slated the first  in his book  danse macabre   as it is as good as anything he has written .  br    br   alright  so some of the monsters were hardly state  of  the  art  but so what  the new  kolchak  totally missed the point of the original . what you don  t see is sometimes more frightening than what you do . . .  br    br   best episode   horror in the heights  worst episode   the sentry   
one of my favorite shows back in the    s . as i recall it went to air on friday  or possibly saturday  night on the nine network    here in australia . darren mcgavin and simon oakland were great together .  br    br   each episode usually reached a climax with kolchack having to engage in hand to hand combat with some sort of supernatural opponent . to their credit  the writers made a concerted effort to get away from the usual round of vampires and ghosts as much as possible .  br    br   i remember one episode in which the adversary was the spirit of an ancient indian chief which  who  came back  as a massive electrical current which started to kill people in a city hospital . the final showdown saw kolchack trying to short circuit the  power beast  amidst an explosion of sparks and billowing flames . oh well . . . . you had to be there at the time but it was an interesting idea .  br    br   mcgavin always packed a lot of energy and enthusiasm into his roles and this was one of his best .  br    br   definitely deserves a place in tv  s  hall of fame  . to quote tony vincenzo . . . .  kolchack you are on it  . . . or  in the case of the hall of fame   in it    
not the most successful television project john cleese ever did   strange case  has the feel of a first draft that was rushed into production before any revisions could be made . there are some silly ideas throughout and even a few clever ones  but the story as a whole unfortunately doesn  t add up to much .  br    br   arthur lowe is a hoot  though  as dr . watson  bionic bits and all .  good lord .   
it has been so many years since i saw this but i do feel compelled to defend this gem against those who lambast it .  br    br   it is interesting and unusual to observe the diversity of opinion here . that is what humour does i suppose . it is subjective . it either charges through your funny bone at       volts or it leaves you cold and wondering why you gave it the time .  br    br   this show has some of britain  s best comic actors put together in a story that is silly and irreverent and the outcome is hilarious . the dialogue and visual comedy is beautifully delivered and the two leads  cleese and lowe  are superb together . this was made for them .  br    br   i can  t really say anymore other than to implore you to find this and watch it . you won  t be disappointed and in a world devoid of genteel humour  this is a classic inane and harmless piece of comedic brilliance .  
i  m not a john cleese completist  although i thought  fawlty towers was brilliant   but i am a fan  and when i saw this sitting  neglected  on a shelf at my local blockbuster  i decided to give it a try . what i got was a wonderful surprise  and one of the funniest   minute viewing experiences i  ve ever had . the writing is typical english  goon show  schtick . in fact  as an audio skit  this wouldn  t be out of place on a  firesign theater  album . but the execution and timing is spot on and this elevates  strange case  into the kind of jaw  dropping performance that can create lifelong british comedy fanatics .  br    br   the brits have a gift for combining broadly satirical lampoons with closely observed  tics  of character and timing  and the creators use both to good effect here . cleese  s portrayal of  holmes  seems to owe much to the arkin  s and seller  s  inspector clouseau   however cleese has such a knack for physical comedy that he more than holds his own . but the unexpected treat here is arthur lowe  who plays  watson  as an genial but invincibly uncomprehending imbecile with such superb timing and delivery that he becomes the best aspect of the film . i  d never heard of lowe before this  his background seems to be vaudeville and musical theater   but he justifies his entire career with this performance as far as i  m concerned .  br    br   some people might not care for  strange case . . .   especially if british whimsy isn  t their  cuppa tea  . but i am extremely glad i got to see this before it vanished from sight .  
if you enjoy cleese  all the british  pythonesque  humour of the time  then this little gem is absolutely hilarious .  br    br   arthur lowe is a real treat   br    br   i saw this with friends on tv when it first came out  and its classic quotes have formed a part of our jokes for   years  and will do forever  i have it on tape and it is continually appreciated .  br    br   perhaps some reviewers are taking it too seriously .  br    br   i can  t believe it is now only available in the us  ntsc of course   and not in uk  where it should be an essential part of the history of british humour    
you can do a lot with a little cash . blair witch proved that . this film supports it . it is no more than a sitcom in length and complexity . however  because it has john cleese as sherlock holmes it manages to be hilarious even on a budget that couldn  t afford a shoestring . the highlight of this film is arthur lowe as the sincere  bumbling watson  his dimness and slowness foils cleese  s quick  tempered wit . if you ever run across the film watch it for a quirky laugh or two .  
the only reason that i did not give this   stars was the dvd format  no menus  extras  etc . however  if you have ever had a dream to do something with your life  this film is for you . if you believe in yourself and your dream do not let anyone or anything stop you . this is one of the most life  affirming films that i have ever seen . and magical . the acting is superb  the plot serves the purpose  and the opening sequence is fantastic . this is one of those films that  cult  status used to be about . i have recommended this film to all of my friends . some love it  some can  t finish it . whenever i think  or feel  that something is impossible i think about alan arkin  s role in this film . sure wish he  d make more films .  
  soapdish  is one of the best  yet least well remembered comedies of the      s . the film revolves around the various off  camera drama  s that occur behind the scenes of a cheaply produced daytime soap opera . the first of the film  s various impressive strengths is it  s fantastic a  list cast .  soapdish  features some of the greatest actors and actresses of it  s era .  br    br   the film is superbly led by sally field  as the neurotic ageing actress celeste talbert  she famously throws a tantrum when put in a costume that makes her look like  gloria fcking swanson    . her supporting cast reads like a who  s  who of    s movie greats  whoopi goldberg  robert downey jr  teri hatcher  kevin kline and kathy najimy all elevate the film greatly . goldberg is predictably excellent  whilst downey jr .  s and hatcher  s performances hint at the comedic excellence they would later achieve .  br    br   in terms of writing  the film is outstanding . there is a really modern edge to the script  which strays into the wonderfully bizarre on several occasions . there also several visual gags that are quite ahead of their time . in some ways  the film is reminiscent of mel brooks at his best and frequently reminded this reviewer of  high anxiety        . much of the film  s humour hinges on it  s often scathing  but pretty accurate  representations of daytime television and of neurotic and pretentious actors . for example  the extras casting session featuring the exploitative executive played by carrie fisher  is both hilarious and honest .  br    br    soapdish  is  for my money  one of the very best comedies hollywood produced during the      s . it  s excellent script and a  class cast make it a must  see . it  s hard not to love this film after it  s kept you laughing for   minutes .  
the quintessential road movie . . . if your idea of a road movie involves three would  be magicians with eastern european accents and claire forlani .  well  one out of four ain  t bad . . .  a no  talent magician with an eye for showmanship  max  watches a very skilled pickpocket  hugo  plying his trade in new york . after convincing hugo that he  max  is a  mental and b  desperately in need of a partner to make his dreams of being a stage magician come alive  the not  so  dynamic duo enlist the managerial expertise of an inventor of illusions  milo  and the  ah  gentler attributes of a lovely waitress  lydia  . the unlikely four pile into a van  obtained by hugo . . . you guess where it came from  and head to vegas . havoc ensues . anyhow  it  s funny  it  s well  written  and the ending is surprisingly good . a solid comedy with a warm heart  and all the better that it was totally unexpected .  
magicians is a wonderful ride from start to finish  thanks in large part to the magic that is generated by the stars . alan arkin is fantastic in one of his best roles in decades . like any really fine film  it  s a journey in which the theme is redemption and the results of dreaming . i can  t believe this film is so difficult to find   i  d buy it on dvd in a heartbeat but have yet to find an outlet .  
i have wanted to see this for the longest time  james merendino is a great director . slc punk is one of my favorite movies  and in the first ten minutes of this film i thought that it was a great follow up after that though  it begins to drag . the acting and direction were terrific . in fact everything in the film seemed to flow except for the script . at times  the only thing keeping my attention was the fact that in the cast was the most beautiful woman in the world  claire forlani . this film was good  but i expected more .  br    br   p . s . look for great cameos by chi mcbride  and chris mcdonald .  
this is one of the funniest movies i have seen . i watched it on dvd  and the disc does not have any special features  or even a menu  but that is not necessarily what i care about .  br    br   i tend to judge movies on a case by case basis  depending on  among other things  if it is a big studio production or a smaller film . this is a smaller film and i am willing to forgive minor things . that said  i believe it has one of the most imaginative and original title sequences that i have seen .  br    br   i enjoyed the acting of all of the major players . i especially enjoyed til schweiger and alan arkin . alan arkin has most of the funniest lines . the character portrayed by claire forlani might come across as unrealistic to some people  but i have personally known real people with emotional problems that very readily look at life  s decisions as her character does . that helped me pick up the nuances where her hurts could come out through the veneer of her humor .  br    br   this is not a movie for children  obviously  but it does not engage in gratuitous sex and nudity . there is quite a bit of adult language  though  but it can sometimes be very funny .  in particular  alan arkin  s character  who can  t even swear correctly .   br    br   also watch for the cameos from known character actors .  
this is a quirky little movie  and i have to agree that there is some quirky acting in it as well .  br    br   it follows the adventures of a young man who decides that he wants to become a famous las vegas illusionist  and is partly about following his dream  partly about the dreams of others  and all about the travails of showbiz . i thought the movie was charming  and it has a moment or two of real magic that make the whole thing worthwhile .  br    br   alan arkin is terrific as the magician who never was  and his mentoring of max makes for a funny and touching relationship .  br    br   not for everyone  probably  but if you like movies about the journey  then i think you  ll like this one .  
this movie is awesome for three main reasons . it is esthetically beautiful . i absolutely loved that . there is a bold color theme throughout the movie with extraordinary costumes and picturesque sets . a photography which looks very costly  and probably was not  completes the look . i always enjoy those stories about groups of misfits  loners coming together and becoming a family . sometimes they fall into clichs but this one does not . this group of actors really portrays well flawed  yet extremely likable characters . alan larkin is the best  between him  the van and the road movie theme  i could not help but remember my favorite movie of last year little miss sunshine  . i discovered fabrizio bentivoglio  very interesting actor  and just got annoyed a tiny little bit by til schweiger performance at times . the opening scene  all the scenes where they mess up their tricks are very funny . there is a mix of humor and emotion throughout the film . i like the end a lot . and of course it is all about the magician theme . a good magician is making the audience look where he wants them to  to create an illusion . which happens to be exactly what a movie director does and that  s why they call it movie magic .  
i rented this movie from blockbuster on a whim . . i like alan arkin and the cover was catching . . . i read the back and knew right away it was going to either be the best or the worst movie i have ever seen . . . i guess i got lucky . . i laughed from beginning to end . . alan arkin brings a great character to this movie . i have since bought a used rental copy for my own collection and watch it all the time . . i have recommeded this movie to loads of people and they all enjoyed it as much as i did . . . i see complaints about the menus and dvd functions . . but it doesn  t take away from the movie . . the disk was authored for blockbuster exculsivley which is why they didn  t allow you to skip past the previews . . aside from that you shouldn  t let the functions of the dvd to deterr you from watching the excellent film .  
miriam hopkins is  the lady with red hair  in this     biopic of mrs . leslie carter which also stars claude rains as david belasco  richard ainley as lou payne  and a fine cast of supporting players  including laura hope crews and victor jory .  br    br   miriam hopkins and claude rains give wonderful performances . hopkins was a beautiful actress who really makes us feel for mrs . carter . rains is great as the flamboyant  egotistical producer  writer  actor  impresario david belasco  one of the great names in theater .  br    br   though mrs . carter  s second husband  lou payne  served as adviser on this film  it  s a poor representation of the real events of mrs . carter  s life . true  there was a much publicized and bitter divorce  and she was undoubtedly viewed as a scandalous character for that and for becoming an actress . however  she had custody of her son dudley  so there was no custody battle . once she broke with belasco  she did not go back to him and  in fact  started working in vaudeville and actually made some films toward the end of her life . she did indeed marry lou  and he became her leading man in many productions .  br    br   the driving force for mrs . carter in the beginning of this film is regaining custody of her son  but she finally realizes that in her time away from him  he is thoroughly bonded with his father . in the film also  and i  m not sure if it was true in real life  she traveled with her mother and lived in a theatrical boarding house  which gives the film some added interesting atmosphere .  br    br   not a bad movie  probably not a depiction of the greatness of either carter or belasco . one of mrs . carter  s most famous moments was in the heart of maryland  where she wore a wig with six  foot tresses . off  stage  fans blew her hair as she hung   feet above the stage clutching the center of a bell to keep it from ringing . quite a visual .  
i had seen lady with red hair back when it appeared  and didn  t remember it as something to cherish . the truth is that  notwithstanding its base in a true story  its screen play is silly and unbelievable . the real merit of the picture is the cast . a constellation of some of the best supporting players of the    s and    s make a background for the delicate  intelligent work of the always underrated miriam hopkins  and the wonderful  spectacular performance of claude rains  who  as usual  is the best thing in the picture . what an actor  he never won an oscar  but he is in the good company of chaplin  garbo and hitchcock . perhaps lady with red hair contains his best work in films . see it and enjoy him .  br    br    
as a biographical film   the lady with red hair   the story of how director  producer  playwright david belasco transformed notorious society divorcee mrs . leslie carter into an international stage star  is certainly not in a league with that other warner  s biopic of similar vintage   yankee doodle dandy   what is    but  lady  is an enjoyable film in its own right   and shares quite a few traits in common with the cagney classic .  br    br   like  yankee doodle dandy    the lady with red hair  brims over with old  time show  business flavor .  among other things  both films feature delicious theatrical boarding  house sequences as well as the inevitable scenes set backstage and in theatrical managers  offices .  also  in  lady  as in the cohan biopic  the supporting cast is made up of familiar and beloved character actors of the period  all doing the sort of top  notch work we remember them for .  br    br   need i add that  again like  yankee doodle dandy    the lady with red hair  doesn  t let the truth get in the way of telling a good story  but  also like  dandy    lady  does manage   gloriously    to convey the esssence of its show  business  giant hero  s larger  than  life personality . everyone knows that cagney limned cohan for all time in his brilliant and affectionate portrayal in  yankee doodle dandy    but few moviegoers realize that claude rains did a similar service for david belasco in  the lady with red hair    and did it with a panache that almost equals cagney  s .  br    br   rains  as  belasco perfectly captures that legendary showman  s galvanic personality in all its outsized glory . rains gives a tremendously enjoyable  superbly observed  and remarkably true  to  life performance as the man all broadway once called  the wizard .  to watch claude rains in action  looking in every shot as if he  s having a helluva good time   in  the lady with red hair  is to see david belasco leap to life on film as if he can  t wait to shake things up on the main stem once again .  br    br    
the scene where sally field and whoopi goldberg go to the mall to revive sally  s flagging spirits is enough reason alone to enjoy this movie  but wait  there  s more  this is a crackling good sendup of daytime tv  movie stars on the way down   and up  and the horrors of love . robert downey jr shows the lighter side of his genius  and cathy moriarty is splendid . the dialogue is witty  and the physical humor done with consummate skill . this is a movie that will appeal to those who really enjoy the arts of acting  directing  and writing .  
a group of friends decide to take a camping trip into the desert  and find themselves stalked and murdered by a mysterious killer in a black pick  up truck .  mirage  is obviously inspired by spielberg  s  duel  and craven  s  the hills have eyes  . still this slasher yarn offers plenty of nasty violence and gore . the film  s gory highlight is a sequence involving a man having his arm and leg chained together around a tree and then having his limbs dismembered when the chain is pulled by a truck . there is also a little bit of suspense and some exciting stalk  and  slash sequences . the acting is pretty lame and the script is quite weak  but the film is fast  paced and shocking . b . g . steers who plays the villain is fairly threatening . the desert locations provide some atmosphere and the gore is rather strong . overall  if you like low  budget horror films give this one a look .  out of   .  
i remember that i was a child when i first saw this movie  it was my first horror movie  maybe that  s the reason why i can still remember some parts of it  . i don  t remember much about acting  nude scenes or other things but i do remember a male has head blown up with a grenade  a male dismembered over a tree and a male run down by truck and shot in head    todd schaefer  kenny johnson and kevin mcparland  . i also remember the last scene when jennifer mcallister riped of the killer stomach to get the keys of the truck . it  s a movie that gives you the creep and it  s worth a look . but where do i find it  how can i download it   
well  this was one of those films i caught on the off  chance  and it was good enough for me to record when it showed up next time . . . if  like myself  you enjoy many    s horror flicks that branched out a little from the norm  i . e . not just another glut of generic sequels  then i think you may enjoy this . when the bad guy eventually turns up in person  he was definitely not what i expected to see  all in all  i wouldn  t go out of your way for this one  but if you like the genre  then watch it if it comes up and you have an hour and a half to kill  i guess . i  d give it  .  out of   .  
this movie  which starts out with a interesting opening of two hot blondes getting it on in the back of a driver  less  moving vehicle  has quite the quirky little personality to boot . the cast of seven  although one girl doesn  t hang around for the bodycount  which is unfortunate because the death toll is already so small as is  are all super  hot  as our story centers around teens partying way out in the desert  an odd but effective choice of setting   who are hunted down by a creepy man in black gloves and jeans who drives a black truck . it predates many of the vehicle  inspired slashers to date   the trip    joy ride    jeepers creepers   where the killer  s vehicle itself becomes an evil antagonist . the killer himself is quite creepy  and we find solace in the extremely likable heroine in jennifer mcallister  look at the interesting symbolic contrast of the evil killer in all black  while our benevolent heroine sports all white attire  as scanty and stonewashed as it may be  . director bill crain does some really great things with his camera  some neat tricks on screen  and the cast tries their absolute best . there  s enough gore in the low bodycount to please the gore fans  and enough ta from a couple of the girls to please ta fans . overall  this flick is highly underrated and widely sought out in the slasher movie world as it  s proved quite rare to find on video . highly recommended .  
mirage       is a very rare horror  chiller from      released here in the uk on the  new world video  label .  br    br   it  s a desert based horror film about a group of young friends who are partying for the weekend  only to be killed off one by one by an unknown force who drives a menacing black truck    this film has some creepy scenes  and some gore here and there  but i have to say that the acting was so lame  even by low budget standards  but the film was oddly addictive and i liked it  and i never fell asleep or turned it off  which is always a good sign  i nearly gave this movie      but seeing as it built up steam along the way  had some good moments of gore and suspense  had some good nudity  and the fact that the blonde in the main female role was a hottie too  i  ll give it     .  
bill crain  s rarer than rare  slasher  movie certainly doesn  t follow the standard stalk and slash guidelines that have become so essential of its counterparts . the bogeyman this time around uses grenades and small arms as well as an awesome array of melee weapons  a sin that  s virtually unacceptable in most post  halloween genre pieces . but there  s still just enough familiarity to keep slasher buffs from checking the rule book and the plot never strays too far from the path that you  ve grown to expect . just as wally koz  s surprisingly decent    was seemingly put together with help from various members of his family  mirage seems to have been a joint production from relatives of the director . looking through the credits i noticed numerous  crains  listed in key positions throughout the construction of the feature . but despite fairly good distribution across the globe  the movie failed to make an impression either side of the atlantic and now it has become pretty much a phantom of the vhs market . nevertheless this only made it appeal to me even more and so i strained my resources to track a copy down  br    br   it all takes place in the middle of the dessert  which as i  m sure you  ll agree is hardly the most exciting location . with that said though  i must admit that there  s certainly going to be no chance of any nosey john q laws turning up unexpectedly . four undeniably beautiful youngsters head out into the sand for a night of debauchery and frolics that always seems to rub homicidal maniacs the wrong way . chris  jennifer mcallister  and her boyfriend greg  kenny johnson  meet up with amusing new age hippies trip  kevin mcparland  and mary  nicole anton  at a make shift camp site in the midst of the dune  like wilderness . greg  s older brother kyle  todd schaefer  and his buxom girlfriend bambi  laura albert  soon turn up to join the body count applicants in their quest for an early grave . kyle used to date chris before his younger brother took the liberty of stealing his squeeze  something that kyle doesn  t seem too keen to forget . sound like a motive for a massacre  well what did you expect  before long an unseen someone driving a truck with tinted windows joins the gathering with a unique set of tricks up his sleeve . will any of the kids survive to turn up for a sequel   br    br   i have had trouble tracking down any information at all about this feature . i don  t even know if director bill crain is aka william crain  the man behind midnight fear and blacula among others . mirage certainly doesn  t appear on his official filmography  so your guess is as good as mine . judging by the credible work behind the camera  i  d have to say that i find it hard to believe that this is the debut of a man with no previous cinematic experience . the film is stylishly photographed with some superb work from dp michael crain  and the director boasts a credible talent for building suspense when it  s necessary . r . christopher biggs  gore fx are imaginatively created and gruesome  and kudos to the sleepy head over at the bbfc who inexplicably let this pass through uncut on a usually stringent   rating . a couple of the murders are indeed extremely macabre . one guy gets buried up to his neck in sand before coming face to face with a grenade  while another ends up literally legless after loosing a battle with a chain and a pick up truck  there  s also some black humor that  s surely unintentional . we spend the majority of the feature seeing only the killer  s boots as he steps out of his vehicle and stalks the youngsters . but when he  s revealed to hilariously resemble keanu reeves circa bill and ted  s bogus journey  i didn  t quite know what to expect . thankfully crain knows exactly how to keep things creepy and the showdown is particularly mean spirited as the psycho taunts chris sadistically .  br    br   there are some surprisingly good performances on display from an extremely inexperienced cast . the divine jennifer mcallister does a superb job as the heroine and b . g . steers portrays off his rocker dementia with finesse . the casting director chose wisely to pick some of the most beautiful females ever slaughtered in slasher cinema and it gratefully doesn  t come at the cost of thespian potential . the soundtrack works well to build the desolate atmosphere of isolation  which is carefully handled by a director that should have been signed and nurtured by hollywood bigwigs . watch out for the superb nightmare sequence that is truly horror film  making at it  s freakiest .  br    br   mirage is a good late entry to the cycle that was somewhat unfortunate to miss a boom year placing amongst the slasher elite . when you consider that this was made with just a cast of seven and a pick up truck  you have to say that they did a damn good job . the flaws are numerous  but never detract credibility from the net result . unfortunately you  ve probably got more chance of finding liquid gold in your coffee mug than you have of ever tracking down a copy . if you see this one covered in dust on the top shelf of your local video store  then make sure you pick it up . recommended .  
it  s hard to watch this movie without thinking forward to the television show it would become  especially if  like me  you happen to like the tv show more . but there  s a lot to be said for the source .  br    br   oscar madison  walter matthau  is a top new york city sportswriter who lives in an eight  room apartment by himself  a casualty of divorce and his own stubbornly sloppy mindset . enter his friend felix ungar  jack lemmon   needing a place to live after his wife threw him out for his stubbornly neatnik mindset . the result is a train wreck and one of the most beloved movie adaptations of a neil simon stage play .  br    br   first thing  s first i love that apartment  poker table  novelty dart board  askew photos of baseball players  empty booze and beer containers  even a pair of roman columns . it  s a place where men can be boys . simon and director gene saks do a great job opening up the stage play  s single set  oscar  s living room  by moving the action into the bedrooms and kitchen and giving the mounting tension between oscar and felix more corners to bounce off of .  br    br   neal hefti  s familiar score was heard on the tv show  but never so sweepingly orchestrated as it is here  in several different arrangements that make the on  screen action soar whenever its played . real location work and night shots of manhattan give the film an energy common to films shot in that place and time   buddwing    the world of henry orient    midnight cowboy    manchurian candidate    rosemary  s baby   etc .   br    br   are lemmon and matthau too heavy in comparison to tony randall and jack klugman  to be fair  the movie is meant to be a more serious affair  dealing with the then  uncommon condition of mid  life divorce and the frustration inherent in not being able to make a relationship work . simon has more in mind than entering felix and oscar in a game of  password  or a battle of wits with howard cosell . but i don  t know . . .  br    br   both lemmon and matthau were terrific comedians i enjoy watching especially in the middle of this film as i often do in their separate movies  but i never understood why they were regarded as a great comedy team . here  in their best  regarded partnership  they seem to be acting in two different films lemmon in a comedy  drama and matthau in a farce . matthau is great in the beginning  charming us with his teddy  bear demeanor around the poker table  but near the end of the film he takes a turn much like jack torrance  s in  the shining   reacting to felix cleaning up his apartment and serving tasty food to his friends in a way that totally upsets the delicate balance of blame .  br    br   while the ending bothers me  the part many see as the most jarring  the beginning  works fine as i see it . watching felix stumbling around trying to kill himself isn  t great comedy  no  but it  s a good way to get into a great comedy  setting us up with some real  life pain before bringing in the warmth and laughter .  plus it has some great shots of the seedier parts of the city .  in the middle of the movie  this scene would have been a miscalculation  but it works as a way of establishing felix  s torment and a sense of sharp relief to come when we see oscar and his poker friends bicker and feud .  br    br   that  s where simon  s lines are so great . they are the underlying strength of the film . he gets the banter exactly right and real  and still makes it funny .  i don  t mind you talking  felix . you got things to say . what  s scaring me is i  m beginning to listen .  the tv show showed how wrong it is to assume the movie is always better  in fact the tv show once made a good point about  assuming  anything at all  but the movie makes for a solid foundation and is a joy in its own right .  
neil simon had a knack for dialog and nowhere is this more evident than the lines he gives walter matthau and jack lemmon as opposite types in the odd couple   a mixture of comedy and sadness that depends entirely on the believability of two such mismatched friends sharing an apartment .  br    br   lemmon is neatnik felix ungar  bent on suicide after the divorce from his wife and reluctantly agreeing to share an apartment with oscar madison  matthau  with somewhat disastrous results . seems that everything felix says and does drives oscar up the wall and neither one can stand the other  s ways  with oscar being the messiest male imaginable and felix the exact opposite .  br    br   funniest scene for me was when the giggling pigeon sisters in the apartment above visit them on a dinner date . the priceless interaction between lemmon  matthau and carole shelley and monica evans is enough to put you in stitches . the talented pigeon sisters are the gals who did the voices for the gabble sisters  a pair of geese  in disney  s the aristocats  and here   their comic timing on top of lemmon  s sad story of despair is enough to spin the film into hilarity   where it remains much of the time .  br    br   if you  re a neil simon fan and have enjoyed other screen treatments of his work  this one is not to be missed . matthau and lemmon are perfectly cast  even though they considered exchanging roles before filming began  and  of course  it  s easy to see why it became a top  rated tv show later on .  br    br   summing up top simon comedy  not to be missed .  
felix unger  jack lemmon  has just been dumped by his wife  because he is one of the most annoying  neurotic people in the world . suicide is his way out  but he just can  t seem to get it to work  so he heads over to his friends house . oscar madison  walther matthau  is also recently divorced and living it up in bachelor heaven . smoking  gambling  hitting on chicks  eating out and never cleaning is paradise to him . well  with the suicide attempts oscar decides to let felix move in . at first  it is a match made in heaven  felix cooks and cleans and helps oscar pay his alimony on time  but soon oscar is jonesing for women and felix  who in today  s world would probably be gay  isn  t ready to move on . they invite a couple of british birds over and they find felix so tender that soon they and felix are weeping and chatting about his family life  leaving oscar denied . this is it  he explodes and throws him out  but felix isn  t as helpless as it seems  and soon he has the upper hand . my favorite quote  you leave me little notes on my pillow . told you    times i can  t stand little notes on my pillow .  we  re all out of cornflakes . f . u .  took me three hours to figure out f . u . was felix ungar   based on a neil simon play  who also wrote the screenplay   this has a certain theatre feel to it . set and the repartee and looks feel quite play  like  for better or worse  . lemmon and mathau have excellent comedic chemistry and have appeared in the grumpier old men movies and out to sea  reprising the same finicky  slob roles  but with different names  to avoid royalty issues  i  m sure  .  br    br   this movie is like strawberries dipped in chocolate . the chocolate is smooth  sweet and rich  the strawberry is tart  juicy and bright red  unless you get those nasty greenish ones  . they are almost polar opposites  but together  the contrasts highlight each other and make a wonderful dessert .      br    br   http   blog . myspace . com  locoformovies  
the odd couple is the classic film version of neil simon  s most famous play about a tv newswriter named felix unger  who is an obsessive neat freak  who moves in with his divorced best friend  oscar madison  a sportswriter and complete slob  after his wife frances throws him out of their apartment . already divorced  oscar takes his best friend in and regrets it from the moment he does it . neil simon  s classic comedy first came to broadway with art carney playing felix and walter matthau playing oscar . jack lemmon takes over for carney in the film version with a memorable performance as felix unger . lemmon is not only terribly funny in the role but so vividly real that he brings an element of melancholy to the pitiful figure that is felix unger . matthau  fortunately  was allowed to recreate his role as oscar  a one  of  a  kind gem of comic performance that provides consistent laughs throughout . this teaming of lemmon and matthau turned out to be comic gold that was re  visited in nine other films . with both of these actors no longer with us  the viewing of this classic becomes more touching but no less hilarious . simon  s play has been nicely expanded for the screen with a silent prologue chronicling a depressed felix  s suicide attempt that is a winner . the supporting cast includes herb edelman  john fiedler  larry haines  and david sheiner as oscar  s poker playing buddies and moncia evans and carole shelley as the piedgon sisters  blind dates of oscar and felix . of course  it later became an excellent tv series with tony randall and jack klugman  but there  s nothing like the original . a joy from start to finish .  
this has to be  hands down  hats off  one of the most uproarious comedies ever made . starting with the animated blowing  popping bubbles  the entrance to the daytime awards  the usual phony drivel spewed by the stars on the red carpet  the rehearsed and badly acted acceptance speech  the venomous comments uttered by the actor  s jealous co  stars and producer  under phony smiles . now that is only in the first few minutes . then  all hell breaks loose from there and it only gets more frantic and ridiculous . ridiculous in a good way  no  make that a great way . this was the first time i  d seen the always charming teri hatcher . while i may not be a follower of desperate housewives  she herself is always watchable  same goes for lois  clark . not a huge follower  but if i run across an episode i  d watch it . robert downey  jr .  does a great turn as slimy  smarmy  snaky  sycophantic david seaton barnes  the producer who  d give his right eye to see sally field  s celeste talbert leave the show  if only to finally get to get it on with cathy moriarty  s montana moorehead .  br    br   moriarty absolutely shines in this movie  just as she had everywhere else she  s appeared . here  all she has to do is scream  i hate you i hate you you creep   or give one of her anti  celeste  co  conspirators an evil grin  and she has me rolling in the aisles . yes  cathy moriarty is a very gifted actress  and one hell of a comedienne . sally field gratefully departs from the usual    mm  sized lifetime tragedy of the week movies  and we  re all reminded why she is who she is today  having started off in comedy afraid of nothing . her ensuing years of drama had hidden her sense of humor  but like a caterpillar in a cocoon  the brilliant comedienne she is had blossomed and it was joyous to see her as hilarious as she was . the thing with dramatic actors and actresses is that you see in such heavy  serious roles  that you associate them with their character and you can  t believe it when you see them finally having some fun on screen .  br    br   how lucky were the producers to land carrie fisher  if only for a glorified cameo . she doesn  t realize what a presence she bears on screen . she takes a role which  in the hands of a lesser actress  could easily have been forgotten  but she owns the character and it seems as if she wrote it herself .  br    br   how lucky was elisabeth shue to get thrown in the middle of all this  at the time  she wasn  t really known for much . adventures in babysitting was kind of cute  yes  i was dragged to an evening show for which i had to pay full price   but she didn  t hold my attention   much . but here  she makes the most of her character  star  s niece who falls in love with the star  s ex  co  star  and  lover who  of course  turns out to be the niece  s father  and the star turns out to be the poor girl  s mother .  br    br   i  ll stop there  i feel i practically wrote a book about this brilliant screwball comedy  or at least a novela . if you  ve seen it  then reminisce . if you haven  t  you  ve missed a real classic  but not really . the dvd  s are made of a material that  ll last for at least   years  and this movie is timeless  so what the hell .  
this is the neil simon piece of work that got a lot of praises   the odd couple  is a one of a kind gem that lingers within . you got felix ungar  jack lemmon   a hypochondriac  fussy neat  freak  and a big thorn in the side of his roommate  oscar madison  walter matthau   a total slob . these men have great jobs though . felix is a news writer  and oscar is a sports writer . both of these men are divorced  felix  s wife is nearby  while oscar  s is on the other side of the u . s .  the west coast  . well  what can you say  two men living in one roof together without driving each other crazy  is impossible as well as improbable . it  s a whole lot of laughs and a whole lot of fun . i liked the part where when those two british neighbors that speak to both gentlemen  and after oscar kicked out felix  he gets lucky and lives with them when he refused to have dinner with them the night earlier . it  s about time that felix needed to lighten up . i guess all neat  freaks neat to lighten up . they can be fussy  yet they should be patient as well . a very fun movie  and a nuevo classic . neil simon  s  the odd couple  is a must see classic movie .  stars   
matthau and lemmon are at their very best in this one  everyone else in the movie are also great . the dialogue is excellent and very  very witty  and the scene where lemmon  s character attempts to clear out his sinuses in a restaurant have me rolling on the floor with laughter every time i see it . anyone who happened to see the not so great sequel should not be turned away from the original . i recommend this wonderful movie to everyone  i just love it . and the fact the jack lemmon plays his character so straight forward with tragic overtones only adds to the hilariousness in my opinion . these two great guys made a string of movies together  but this one is the best  no doubt .  
the first time i saw this  i didn  t laugh too much . at the time  i was only about fifteen years old and thought that maybe some of the deeper humor was too mature for me to understand at the time . i had the same reaction when i viewed it a second time a few months ago  and this time  it was because felix  s aborted suicide attempt at the beginning of the movie kind of darkened the movie a bit . this scene made some of the things oscar said and did to felix later in the movie seem needlessly cruel  and their personality clashes weren  t as amusing as they could have been . had i not already known the story  i would have been worried that some of oscar  s antics to felix might push him over the edge . as it was  it didn  t make me laugh or smile like the television show with jack klugman and tony randall did . still  all in all  a pretty good movie and it spawned one of the greatest sitcoms on television .  out of   .  
neil simon has quite a body of work  but it is the odd couple that carried him to fame . this film really works . jack lemmon  walter matthaw have a great chemistry . the supporting cast for this film is stellar as well .  br    br   it is about  men living together who are from opposite planets . the script bristles with humor from this situation . this had been done in some forms previously . this is the one that brings it all together in a very good package .  br    br   simon has done some other decent work  but this one is really his best work which made the rest of his work possible . it is hard to imagine simon ever topping this .  
some of the best movies that are categorized as  comedies  actually blur between comedy and drama .  the graduate  and  butch cassidy and the sundance kid   which were made also in the late      s are perfect examples . are they comedies with dramatic undertones  or dramas with a lot of humor  in many respects   the odd couple  falls into this same category of being both comedy yet highly dramatic with deep underpinnings about human nature . much of what happens may be funny to the audience but the characters are not laughing .  br    br   despite the rather light  hearted tv show of the      s  the original  odd couple  is not merely about a neat guy and messy guy who are forced to live together because of their marital situation . it  s really about two opposites who must face why their marriages fell apart and how their detrimental idiosyncrasies reveal themselves outside of their marriage . neatness  the characteristic of felix ungar  jack lemon perfectly cast  and messiness  the characteristic of oscar madison  walter matthau   are only the beginning and somewhat superficial . as the story unfolds  we find there is a lot more to these men than simply neatness versus messiness .  br    br   briefly  the story is really about felix ungar  who has to face an impending divorce from his wife francis  who we never meet but is an important character throughout the story . on the verge of suicide  ungar goes to the only place he knows the apartment of oscar madison where a group of poker buddies hang out every so often . we learn that ungar is not only a member of this  poker club  but the group knows what  s happening to him and try  in their inept way  to help out . madison figures the best way to help ungar is to let him move in with him until his suicidal tendencies wear off .  br    br   unfortunately for madison  he doesn  t know what he  s getting himself into . madison is a carefree happy  go  lucky if rather irresponsible slob who  s refrigerator was last cleaned probably when herbert hoover was still in the white house . madison  s idea of serving snacks is grabbing moldy cheese and sticking them in between two pieces of bread  and then throwing the contents of a bag of chips on the table . on the other hand  he enjoys booze and women  in short having a good time .  br    br   ungar is not only altogether different  he is diametrically opposite . he is not only an obsessive neatness nut that finds more joy in disinfecting the apartment than meeting women but he knows more than most women do about cooking and fine eating . at one point  he calls his ex  wife  not to talk about reconciling  but to get her recipe for meatloaf . at another moment  ungar was going to spend the rest of the evening cutting cabbage for coleslaw . when madison seems unimpressed  ungar finally confesses he was only doing it for his roommate because he can  t stand coleslaw . who is this guy  but he has another endearing trait felix is also a hypochondriac . he obsesses about his health to the point where he makes strange noises in public places claiming he  s helping his sinuses . he seems to have every health condition in the book . and if they made up more  felix would probably have them . ultimately  he is overly self  absorbed .  br    br   running throughout the movie are references to marriage . at one point when madison is trying to convince ungar to move in  he says   what do you want  a wedding ring   but little does he know that it is not the neat guy who can  t deal with the messy guy  but the other way around . their friendship becomes an inadvertent hellish relationship . and the climax occurs when oscar invites two lonely british sisters for a get  together with both comedic and tragic results . this is one of the best comedies of its type ever written and not to be missed  with superlative performances by walter matthau and jack lemon in roles that are hard to imagine better played by anyone else . it is unfortunate that writing of this caliber is sadly lacking from most comedies being produced today .  
the original movie  the odd couple  has some wonderful comic one  liners . the entire world it seems knows the story of neurotic neat  freak felix ungar and funny  obnoxious  slob oscar madison . this paring of mismatched roommates created one of the most successful tv series of all time as well as countless  not anywhere near as good  imitations .  br    br   the odd couple movie has some wonderful jokes about oscar  s apartment and his sloppy habits . he says   who wants food   one of his poker player buddies asks   what do ya got   oscar says   i got brown sandwiches and green sandwiches .   what  s the brown   it  s either very new cheese or very old meat   i also love the line about oscar  s refrigerator   it  s been out of order for two weeks  i saw milk standing in there that wasn  t even in a bottle   there is no question that walter matthau  s oscar madison is a joy to watch on screen . he  s almost as good as jack klugman  s version in the tv series .  br    br   the problem with the movie is jack lemmon  s felix ungar . jack makes a very  very  honest effort at the role . the problem is that he makes felix so depressing and down  trodden that he becomes more annoying than comical . tony randall  s performance in the series  brought the kind of humor  warmth  and sensitivity  to felix  s character  which lemmon  s portrayal lacks . tony  s felix unger obviously could be annoying some of the time . however  in the tv series  it related to specific situations where the annoyance was needed in the storyline . jack  s felix ungar   note the different spelling  in the movie  seems to never be happy  fun  or interesting . the movie felix ungar is a roommate that drives you up the wall  all the time .  br    br   the movie still has great moments that withstand the test of time  the  famous  meatloaf fight is one of the greatest scenes ever  one of the other great examples of felix  s  little notes  on oscar  s pillow will be remembered forever . however  there are some darker sides where oscar goes over the top  his  crying  near the end after bawling out felix  and a scene involving felix  s linguine dinner   although lightened by a funny line .  seem more depressing than comical .  br    br   perhaps there wasn  t enough time to see the lighter side of these characters that made the series so memorable in the movie . the beginning   minutes are very boring . the same issue occurs with felix  s conversation with the pidgeon sisters . the movie  s ending is predictable and too pat . there  s very little care or compassion for each of them by the other . the result is that the darker side of the film leads to a lot of depression and anger  rather than comedy  unless you are watching the great scenes described above . it appears that jack lemmon  s monotone persona of felix brings the film down  rather than enhances or embraces the comedy between the characters .  br    br   it really took the      s tv series to make the odd couple the best that it could be . the original film is still very good . however  the tv series is much better .  
first ever viewing july         br    br   very impressive screenplay and comedic acting and timing in this film . now   years old  it has lost none of it  s power . neil simon displays excellent insight into human nature and relationships as well as how to create genuine comedy from unusual situations . jack lemmon and walter matthau give great comedic performances . neil simon was inspired by actual events in his own life to write the play this film is based on .  br    br   one of the best written and acted hollywood comedies of all time   br    br   surprisingly  only nominated for  academy awards  best adapted screenplay  and  best film editing  . hollywood rarely awards comedies  no matter how well they are made .  
and laugh out loud funny in many scenes .  br    br   the movie  s basic plot is well chronicled  a story of opposites trying to find a way to survive each other in close proximity .  br    br   this is unquestionably lemmon and matheau  s best film as co  stars  and the interaction between the sloppy oscar and the ocd felix are classic .  br    br   the scene where oscar lines up a double date  leaves the room briefly  and comes back to find felix and the two girls all crying is pricelessly funny .  br    br   for any fan of intelligent comedies  the odd couple is a  go out of your way to see it  film .  
based on neil simons play of the same the odd couple tells the story of best friends felix unger  jack lemmon  and oscar madison  walter matthau  who end up sharing oscars massive bachelor pad after felix tries to kill himself .  br    br   he had a big row with his wife over his obsessive compulsive cleaning sprees and weird phobias and sends her a suicide telegram . she calls oscar and lets him know what happened . felix turns up at oscar  s during his weekly poker game with their friends vinnie  john fielder  murray the policeman  herbert edelman  roy  david sheiner  and speed  larry haines  . after some side splitting hysterics it  s agreed felix will stay with oscar .  br    br   the rest of the film centres on how these two are such completely different characters . as well as looking at if oscar can stand felix  s truly weird and unique habits and cleanliness and if felix can stand oscar being such a slob and his laid back attitude to everything . really a film about two complete opposites living together and the joys  highs  lows and necessity of the gift that is friendship . with great acting an intelligent and very funny script and the great monica evans and carole shelley as the british pigeon sisters who oscar invites over for a double date .  br    br   this one is guaranteed to make you laugh every line is priceless and jack and walter are fantastic with a great chemistry . also made into a successful and equally funny tv series with jack klugman as oscar and tony randall as felix .  
there  s nothing really to dislike about  the odd couple   and it  s no surprise that jack lemmon and walter matthau make a hugely winning comedic team . but there  s something so underdeveloped about neil simon  s adaptation of his hit stage play as to make it seem more like a skit on a sketch comedy show than a full  bodied film . i have not seen the play  but have to assume that the screen version is fairly faithful  since simon wrote it  so the defects cannot be blamed on a stage  to  screen adaptation . there are some interesting ideas in this story   two recently divorced men who fall immediately into traditional married roles when they become roommates because neither knows any differently   that simon never fully fleshes out . still  there are many worse ways to kill a couple of hours .  
i think that this is possibly the funniest movie i have ever seen . robert harling  s script is near perfect  just check out the  quotes  section on second thought  just rent the dvd  since it  s the delivery that really makes the lines sing .  br    br   sally field gives a comic  over  the  top performance like you  ve never seen from her anywhere else  and kevin kline is effortlessly hilarious . robert downey  jr . is typically brilliant  and in a very small role  kathy najimy is a riot as the beleaguered costumer . i was never much of a fan of elisabeth shue  but she  s great here as the one real person surrounded by a bevy of cartoon characters on the set of  the sun also sets    that rumbling you feel beneath you is hemingway rolling over in his grave . either that  or he  s laughing really hard .  br    br   five stars . funny  funny  funny .  
if you delete the first twenty minutes or so of this film  you will be left with a fantastic comedy . as it is  i still found it to be a pretty good movie  which is no small feat considering the coma i was put in by the opening scenes . to put it mildly  this film has a dreary beginning that wasn  t even remotely funny  or even upbeat . once things get sillier  however  you are left with a comedy that still holds up well after more than three decades . definitely worth checking out  especially if you  re a younger fan of lemmon and matthau who wants to see their earlier work .  
the odd couple    outta  stars   br    br   like most people i will always feel that jack klugman and tony randall are the definitive  odd couple  . their incredible work on the tv series from the early to mid    s was a highwater mark for television at the time . . . easily surpassing the stage and screen versions of the tale . nonetheless  how can you go wrong with a jack lemmon  walter matthau pairing  matthau is in especially good form as oscar  the slob . lemmon takes a bit of getting used to as felix  particularly if you have previously seen tony randall  s outstanding performance . the script is good . . . definitely neil simon  s best .  i will go on record here as stating that neil simon is probably one of the worst  most over  rated playwrights of american theatre .  the storyline is simple felix  a neat freak and newly separated from his wife moves in with oscar  the slob who needs some help saving money for alimony payments . their living arrangement becomes much like a marriage as well  culminating in some amusing tiffs and spats . lots of fun and some great one  liners .  
here  s another film that doesn  t really need much of a recommendation . it  s a classic comedy  very funny and entertaining and which  of course  ultimately inspired a successful television series which many would say was even better  i enjoy both  personally  .  br    br   for some  it  s hard to warm up to jack lemmon and walter matthau as felix unger and oscar madison when they were were weaned on the tv show starring tony randall and jack klugman  or perhaps vice versa  . but what we  ve got there in both cases are four good actors who in real life seemed so much like their film counterparts that they managed to make these characterizations their own . it  s neil simon  s humorous material that  s key  and where the laughs really originate from .  br    br   for those who have somehow never heard of the odd couple  it  s the story of a neurotic and fussy neat  freak  lemmon  who is thrown out of a    year marriage by his long  suffering wife and takes up residence in the manhattan apartment of his sloppy and totally irresponsible buddy  matthau  . pitting these two unlikely roommates together within the same four walls makes for some hugely funny predicaments .  
there  s more to offer in the opening of the odd couple than in the entirety of most films . felix unger  the poor guy  s monogram even curses him  checks into a new york hotel . a cleaning lady says  good night .   goodbye   he answers back . in his room he empties his pockets  then struggles to take off his wedding ring only to put the objects neatly into an envelope  addressed to his wife and beloved children . when the viewer finally puts it together  aha  he  s going to off himself  we watch him struggle to open the window  oh no  he  s going to jump  the poor guy injures his lower back . this is all you need to know about felix unger  his wife has left him  he  s a compulsive cleaner and he  s a hypochondriac . and all in one scene . this is the particular genius of neil simon  s comedy  it  s about situation and character . there are few obvious physical jokes  no kicks to the groin  no cheap gags  just funny characters in uncomfortable situations . and  of course  he is a master of manipulating the audience  s expectations . coming from the swingers era  imagine what i thought in the date scene when felix starts lamenting about the breakup of his marriage to the girls his roommate oscar has worked so hard to get into his apartment . he  s blowing it  right  think again . the girls love his sensitivity  his ability to cry in front of them . they invite him back to their place since his meatloaf has burned because oscar wasn  t paying enough attention to it . he  s in like flynn  right  uh  yes  but he doesn  t want to go with the girls because he  s feeling vulnerable . great stuff . and it  s made even greater with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes the wonderful eight  room apartment set . you  ve got jack lemmon and the slouchy  pouchy walter matthau for chrissakes  why mess it up  the visual style reminded me of breakfast at tiffany  s  in that great effect is made from a large depth of field and the interplay between the various planes of action . particularly memorable is the scene in which felix  fleeing from oscar  closes a partition only to realize the partition doesn  t cover the side where oscar is coming from . you get a real sense of the layout of the apartment  and thus the proximity in which the two divorces live . the twist here is that these two are really married  to each other . so the observations about married life that might be ignored in an ordinary romantic comedy are made all the more poignant since they are two guys .  
i don  t think i  ve really ever given walter matthau his due as a comedic performer . he  s certainly been wonderful in plenty of lighthearted roles  but i guess i always put his success down to his characters  grumpiness and ruthlessness  a gruff contrast to the flamboyant personality of his frequent co  star jack lemmon  and  i suppose  a natural extension of his earlier work in dramatic pictures . watching gene saks   the odd couple         adapted from a popular neil simon play  the realisation suddenly clicked matthau is  in his own right  absolutely hilarious  initially striking the audience as filthy  crude and generally unappealing  his oscar madison eventually manages to worm his way into our hearts  culminating in a hilariously overplayed confession of emotions that matthau rasps out in a voice not entirely his own . at the same time  while holding his own as a comedian  his interplay with lemmon is  of course  pitch  perfect indeed  the film rightly belongs to both actors  who have never failed to light up the cinema screen by themselves  let alone together .  br    br   calling to mind billy wilder  s screenplay for  the apartment         this neil simon comedy builds itself around around a rather morbid premise . compulsive house  cleaner felix unger  lemmon   having just been evicted by his wife of twelve years  attempts to commit suicide  but fruitlessly abandons the idea after he wrecks his back trying to open the hotel window . dejected  he arrives at the house of good friend oscar  matthau   a divorced slob who lives alone on a diet of potato crisps and green sandwiches  that might contain either very new cheese or very old meat   . oscar kindly offers felix a place to stay  but is soon overwhelmed by his friend  s finicky personality and constant insistence on absolute cleanliness . the pair form an unusual sort of marital arrangement  with felix assuming the role of the effeminate and constantly  nagging wife  and oscar as the sloppy  unappreciative husband who always comes home later than he  s supposed to . this is a marriage that barely lasts three weeks  and  by the end of it  we can completely sympathise with felix  s ex  wife  who remains unseen .  br    br    the odd couple  is a terrific comedy  most of all because it has a lot of heart . for all their arguing  it  s obvious that the two roommates have plenty of affection for each other  most movingly seen when felix tries to launch into a furious tirade  instead  perhaps inadvertently  ending up informing oscar how  tops  he his . the pair  s four poker buddies  john fiedler  herb edelman  david sheiner and larry haines  are also constantly badgering each other about some obscure annoyance  but you can  t deny that they  ve got the best of intentions . their decision to treat felix as though nothing has happened to him may have sounded fine in theory  but maybe being ignored wasn  t quite the correct solution to felix  s gloomy feelings of inadequacy and inconsequentiality . unlike some comedies based on popular stage plays i was recently disappointed by wilder  s  the seven year itch         this film doesn  t simply strike at the same chord throughout  and the relationship between the two leads is progressively developed  through tears  laughter and much disagreement .  
a simple comment . . .  br    br   what can i say . . . this is a wonderful film that i can watch over and over . it is definitely one of the top ten comedies made . with a great cast  jack lemmon and walter matthau wording a perfect script by neil simon  based on his play .  br    br   it is real to life situation done perfectly . if you have digital cable  one gets the menu on bottom of screen to give what is on . it usually gives this film  stars but in reality it deserves  stars . if you really watch this film  one can tell that it will be as funny and fresh a hundred years from now .  
jack lemmon and walter matthau began and ending their career together . remember best as the grumpiest of old men as well as the oddest couple to have ever made us laugh  lemmon and matthau were one of hollywood  s best loved comedy teams of the last    years . not as  raunchy  as pryor and wilder  instead  they were the classic comedy team that reflected a more modern marx brothers routine . such as the physical comedy as well as the mixed blend of chaos that marx  chaplin and keaton were so famous for . in the odd couple  lemmon and matthau play complete opposites that create the chaos . the physical comedy is as unique as chaplins . the joke is usually on themselves as oppose to passing the joke onto another . not your typical guy film  it is in a way a coming of age comedy with two old men as oppose to two young teenagers in their prime . the chemistry between lemmon and matthau is entertainment enough . although this movie isn  t for everyone  this is a great comedy .  
often laugh out loud  sometimes sad story of  working divorced guys   lemmon a neurotic clean  house husband  and matthau a slob sportswriter   who decide to live together to cut down on expenses .  br    br   nicely photographed and directed . the script is very barbed   that is  there  s always more than one side to almost every line . particularly funny scene involves  british sisters  evans and shelley  who seem amused by everything anyone says  but when lemmon busts out his photos of kids and  yes  ex  wife  to  be  he has the girls sobbing along with him before matthau can show up with the promised drinks   br    br   very entertaining .  
  the odd couple  is one of those movies that far surpasses its reputation . people all know it  they hum the theme song  they complain of living with a sloppy  oscar  or a fastidious  felix  . . . but they  re under  selling the film without knowing it . this isn  t just about a neat guy living with a sloppy guy it  s a portrait of two friends helping each other through the agony of divorce . it  s also damn funny from start to finish  but it  s the kind of comedy that arises from realistic  stressful  and just plain awful situations . so  some viewers have actually found the film to be a bit uncomfortable  but i think its verisimilitude is its strength . besides  matthau  s bulldog face just cracks me up  my favorite comedy  by a country mile .  
the odd couple is a comic gem . one the funniest script ever committed to celluloid  exceeded only by strangelove  spinal tap and lebowski  lemmon and matthau are best friends obsessive compulsive felix and sloppy  irresponsible oscar . oscar  s wife has already left him because he is impossible to live with due to his irresponsible attitude . felix  s wife leaves him at the start of the movie  and after an aborted suicide attempt he moves in with poker buddy oscar . thats when the fun begins .  br    br   the entire script is brilliant and filled with brilliant one  liners . you are probably already familiar with the  f . u .  joke but it still works brilliantly due to matthau  s comic timing .  br    br   my favorite moments are when lemmon tries to clear his sinus in the diner and when the pigeon sisters are being charmed by a very suave matthau and lemmon is totally out of his element . this one requires repeat viewings   
it  s very funny . it has a great cast who each give great performances . especially sally field and kevin kline . it  s a well written screenplay by andrew bergman  honeymoon in vegas  . i don  t like soap operas  even though i never watch them . but i do love this film because it  s so crazy and off the wall  that it beats the hell out of any stupid soap that they have on daytime television . in my opinion  it  s the best film of     .  
simon  s best comedy is superbly crafted by director gene saks and given life by the immense talents of lemmon and matthau . no one delivers these lines better . no one times them better . nobody does it better .  
this cordial comedy confronts a few bizarre characters . especially  of course  the two leading characters . jack lemmon plays felix  a hypochondriac whose wife lost him because she couldn  t stand his cleaning and cooking attacks any longer . so he tries to kill himself but every attempt fails . walter matthau plays oscar  his friend  an untidy  unreliable sports  reporter who lives in divorce from his ex  wife in a bachelor apartment . he offers his distressed friend felix a new home in his apartment . and soon the trouble begins because two such contrary characters can  t live together for a long time . felix turns oscar  s disorderly flat into a clean exhibition flat . he cleans and cooks the whole time . after a short while  oscar feels persecution mania . . . filmed in a theatrical way and excellent acted . above all  jack lemmon  s play is wonderful . he is the perfect clown . he makes us laugh but in a tragi  comic way . look for the wonderful scene when both men invite their two female neighbours for supper  because oscar has to touch something more softer than a bowling  ball . while he is preparing the drinks  felix sits with the two young ladies in the living  room . to get out of this embarrassing situation  he starts to talk about the weather . a minute later  he changes the subject and talks about his ex  wife and children . suddenly he begins to weep and when oscar comes back with the drinks  there are three weeping people in the living  room . the film is full of such amusing and at the same time touching scenes . an intelligent  entertaining comedy with much heart .   out of     
i simply can  t get over how brilliant the pairing of walter matthau and jack lemmon is . it  s like the movie doesn  t even need additional characters because you can never get tired of the dialog between these two .  br    br   lemmon had already been in several well  known films like mr . roberts and the apartment and matthau was fresh off his oscar win for the fortune cookie  another billy wilder film also with lemmon  . that particular movie wasn  t as great as this one because the story couldn  t sustain such a long running time  i think it was almost  hours  . however  this goes by at a brisk hour and a half  even though the introduction of the events leading up to lemmon ending up at matthau  s apartment is a tad long  so was this sentence  . that  s a minor quibble though and for the rest of the running time you have a marvelous time .  br    br   i have already written a comment about how the follow  up to this film sucked and i won  t go deeper into that . the reason why this is such a joy is probably that the movie was made just as the innocence of american movies was beginning to fade fast into oblivion . there are some sexual references but they are dealt with in such an innocent way that you couldn  t even get a  well  i never . . .  out of the most prudish person out there . it is kind of fun to see a movie from a long lost era and that was probably why the sequel didn  t work because you had matthau and lemmon say quite a few f  words and that just doesn  t fit them .  br    br   of course  now they are both gone and you can just be happy that you still can enjoy them in a marvelous film like this . i think the only male actor in this film who is still alive is john fiedler . edelman died recently . so there you have it . simply one of the best comedies and films ever .  br    br   add i have just learned recently that john fiedler has died so to all the fans of him i am deeply sorry . i didn  t mean any disrespect and i will try to be more careful of what i am blah blah blahing next time .  
i saw this many years after the television series and  initially  i didn  t care for it . then  as my memory of the series receded with the passage of time  i watched again  and found it absolutely hilarious . based on the stage play by neil simon  it has not been  opened out  much for the big screen  and that  s one of its strengths . walter matthau and jack lemmon are brilliant as oscar and felix  and the supporting cast are wonderful  particularly john fielder as  vinnie  . even now  certain moments can reduce me to tears of laughter  felix interrupting oscar in the middle of a ball game with a dinner request  oscar cracking up and chasing felix around the apartment  the giggling  pigeon sisters  brought low by felix  s sob stories  and of course  the legendary cafeteria scene  later ripped off by nora ephron  s  when harry met sally   . razor  sharp dialogue too . when the boys think felix has taken an overdose  oscar says  they could be vitamins  he could be the healthiest one in the room   . fantastic   
i have seen this film many times and i like all bad teachers want to give it ten out of ten but feel that it would be unfair to other good films . however  i do think that this is one of those rare gems a perfect comedy . it is i would venture one of the greatest comic films of all times . matthau and lemmon are perfectly matched and mismatched . the script is so sharp that you need to staunch the bleeding . the story is well known and has already been described in other comments . the two leads give extraordinary performances  the girls are superb and the situations are side  splittingly funny . not one swear  word in sight  mark that hollywood  you don  t have to swear to be funny  you have to be witty  and the move from stage to film is seamless . they don  t make  em like this any more . timeless .  
spoilers  br    br   in the words of jean  paul sartre   hell is other people  . in  the odd couple   jack lemmon and walter matthau demonstrate just how accurate this can be . as felix ungar and oscar madison  lemmon and matthau respectively create two good friends who decide to live together . as the two begin to slowly grow more and more frustrated with each other  the laughs come thick and fast  before felix departs  leaving oscar a changed and more cleanly individual .  br    br   jack lemmon as ungar is absolutely superb as the neurotic  cleaning obsessed divorcee coping with life as a single man . walter matthau in contrast to lemmon  s character is equally as good as the slobbish sports writer who simply wants to play poker to earn money for his child benefits .  br    br   lemmon and matthau are magnificant in their selected parts  to some degree dependent upon the beautiful script by neil simon  and simultaneously because they work well as a team . as two friends who are inherently different in lifestyles  although similar in relationships with ex  wives and children  these two  late  great actors create a partnership which is practically impossible to recreate . so great in fact  that the world screamed out so much for something similar  that two years before matthau  s death and three before lemmon  s  the characters were reunited in an inferior sequel . this idea  whilst following hollywood  s irritating obsession with sequels  might have worked to a certain degree  but at the same time  it could never come close to replicating the genius of this original film .  br    br   ultimately it  s not really possible to say anything else . with simon  s amazing script  filled with humour and laughter  the creators of this film were already onto a hit . the casting of jack lemmon and walter matthau as felix ungar and oscar madison though  is the most important part of this film .  the odd couple   with it  s traditional soundtrack  which even gained a tribute in  the simpsons    it  s excellent script and it  s genius leading men  is a tribute to cinema and a feature for history to remember .  
a frolics of youth short subject .  br    br   a teenager  embarrassed by his fear of dogs  runs away from home . the abandoned spaniel he finds helps to change his mind .  br    br   pardon my pups is an enjoyable little film  with shirley temple stealing all her scenes as the hero  s lively kid sister . the opening gag  dealing with bedwetting  is in poor taste  but is quickly forgotten . highlight the climactic fisticuffs  which look impressively realistic .  br    br   often overlooked or neglected today  the one and two  reel short subjects were useful to the studios as important training grounds for new or burgeoning talents  both in front  behind the camera . the dynamics for creating a successful short subject was completely different from that of a feature length film  something akin to writing a topnotch short story rather than a novel . economical to produce in terms of both budget  schedule and capable of portraying a wide range of material  short subjects were the perfect complement to the studios  feature films .  
in the     s studios would use short films like this one sort of as testing grounds for new actors  given their relative ease of production in comparison with full length feature films  so it  s interesting that this one should star shirley temple  who had long since established herself as the most famous child star of all time . then again  she probably wasn  t the one being tested  i would imagine that would have been frank coghlan jr .  who played shirley  s brother sonny in the movie and delivered a comparatively less impressive performance . then again  a   year  old shirley temple was probably not an easy act to accompany .  br    br   the film opens with an unimpressive sight gag involving a leaky ceiling  which i suppose was designed to have shirley temple give a scornful look at the ceiling  illustrate the working class status of the family in the movie  and provide a clean transition into the next scene  which features shirley gleefully stomping in the rain .  br    br   it  s sonny  y birthday  and his father makes occasional and horrendously botched efforts to hide the fact that he wants to give sonny a dog that he really wants for himself  but sonny is afraid of dogs because he was bitten by one once and has been creeped out ever since . it  s curious that  when his father insists on getting a dog  sonny decides to run away from home rather than have a dog in the house  and as he is running away with no destination in sight  it  s also curious that the movie illustrates what seems to be an indifference to homeless people that surpasses even the astounding indifference that exists today .  br    br   sonny passes a man cooking bacon in an iron skillet at the side of the train tracks  right after a train flew by which  given how close to the tracks he was  you would think would have blown the guy right off the tracks  but no matter  . after sonny gives up on sharing breakfast due to the sour stare that his gleeful smile receives from the guy  he continues on and the homeless guy disappears from the movie . it  s interesting to consider what a longer film would have done  because this one leaves this poor guy as a loose end .  br    br   not that that matters  sonny soon hears a dog whining underneath a trestle as he passes over it  and jumps down to find a dog covered in burrs . it might seem trite that he immediately takes the dog up and adopts it since he just left home because of his fear of dogs  but it seemed to me that he just needed to be reminded not of his power over dogs  but of their lack of power over him . as soon as he saw a dog in need he overcame his fear .  br    br   hey  if that  s all it takes  all i have to do is find a helpless spider and i  m set   br    br   it  s a very convenient movie in which everything works out exactly as it is supposed to  but it  s cute enough and enjoyable enough  and short enough  as it were  to still be a fun movie . we already don  t expect an epic plot in a    minute film  but pardon my pups still packs in a substantial amount of story and character development in its short running time . and it also features a fight scene at the end of the movie that must have made charlie chaplin proud . i am hardly an expert of shirley temple  s films  but it  s not hard to see how she became the most famous child star of all time .  
one of the many merrie melodies cartoons that entertained american moviegoers during wwii  bob clampett  s  an itch in time  portrays a hobo flea settling on elmer fudd  s dog . the little guy turns into a real sadist while making a home on the dog  s back  but elmer warns the dog  one more scwatch and i  ll give you a bath   meanwhile  the flea is setting up dynamite on the dog   and that  s not the end  i noticed that in one scene  elmer is reading a comic book featuring bugs bunny and porky pig . obviously  elmer and bugs frequently co  starred but elmer never co  starred with porky  unless you count the very short  any bonds today    . but to me  the thought of elmer reading about these other famous characters from his same genre stresses the metaphysical nature of his world  as though he knew of their existence within his universe even though they don  t appear in this cartoon .  br    br   of course  i  m probably going too far in my analysis . i  m sure that the cartoon was intended as pure entertainment  and it certainly entertains . as for the  i might get to like this  line  it sounds as though that was something that the censors wouldn  t have allowed but somehow missed i  for one  don  t actually know what it was supposed to sound like . was it something sexual  as for the end  had i thought that i  d seen everything  i would have been tempted to look for more  rather than do what the cat did  although it was a neat trick  .  br    br   the guys behind these cartoons sure had a thing for tnt  didn  t they   
bob clampett  s  an itch in time  milks seven minutes of crazy action out of a very small premise . elmer fudd tells his dog that if he scratches himself just once more that he will be given a dreaded bath . unfortunately for the dog  a relentless flea makes it all but impossible to stop from scratching . the cartoon switches between the flea  s progress inside the dog  s fur and the dog  s desperate attempts to cope with it . in a great sequence that really captures the frustration of an itch that can  t be scratched  the dog changes colour from brown to blue to red to polka dotted to plaid  it sounds ludicrously surreal but it perfectly evokes the indescribable feeling of an itch in a way only clampett could . there are several other elements which make  an itch in time  pure clampett . there  s the grotesque concept itself  which leads to some graphic scenes of the flea munching on the dog  s flesh . there  s the unrestrained violence that rears its head in any scene featuring the cat . most notably  there  s the dirty jokes including a huge shot of the dog  s behind which causes the flea to wolf  whistle and a hysterical sequence in which the dog attempts to scratch himself by dragging his backside along the floor . he momentarily breaks off to address the audience  hey  i better cut this out . i may get to like it   with a very limited concept  clampett manages to make  an itch in time  a unique  minutiae  based cartoon . like an early episode of  seinfeld    an itch in time  is practically about nothing but very funny with it .  
years ago i did follow a soap on tv . so i was curious about this movie  and i was so rewarded for finding it . it  s a marvelous spoof of soaps  with jealousies  the usual actors  insecurities  and all sorts of lovely excesses . but more than anything  an amazing cast and an incredible script . how did someone get all those top  notch actors to play in such a silly sort of movie  and how did this little movie get writers to write the perfect lines  i never hear anyone talk about this movie or even admit hearing of it  but it  s marvelous and i highly recommend seeing it . sometimes i  ll throw it on while doing housecleaning  and end up sitting on the couch  watching  laughing and thoroughly enjoying the whole wonderful thing . many congrats to all who made it .  
elmer fudd is laughing while lounging in his easy chair and reading his comic book  his dog comfortably nearby sleeping in front of the fireplace . all is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by .  the flea is dressed in a farmer  s  type outfit with a big sombrero and is carrying a satchel with the name  a . flea  on it .  he gets out his telescope and spots the dog .  we see a big shot of the dog  s butt and the flea whistles in excitement  screaming  t  bone   he then sings   there  s food around the corner there  s food around the corner     br    br   that sets up the storyline of this cute  but  obnoxious flea tormenting the poor dog . the mutt is hilarious as he reacts to the flea .  br    br   the drawings of his huge teeth chomping right next to the fleeing flea are clever and the dog  s dialog made me laugh out loud a few times . this might be the funniest canine i have ever seen in a cartoon  the poor pooch  under a threat of having to take a bath  as to not react when the stupid flea causes him pain . it  s almost painful to watch as the flea uses pickaxes  jackhammers and the like on the dog . he puts firecrackers in the dog  s behind . it  s brutal   
an itch in time  is one of a string of home runs bob clampett hit for wb in the early     s  including horton hatches the egg  and tortoise wins by a hare .  soaked in manic timing and exaggerated mayhem  it  s basically the saga of a flea who  s busy breaking ground for a new home  and the dog whose ground is being broken . because master elmer will give him a dreaded flea bath if he so much as scratches  the unlucky canine is forced to endure an upward spiral of torment as the homesteading flea uses pick  axes and power tools to clear the land .  ultimately  the little monster lights the fuse to a small mountain of high explosives he  s piled onto his victim  s backside  there  s a tremendous explosion  and the hapless pooch covers his eyes as his rear end erupts in a blazing fourth of july display  that really has to hurt  and the dog takes flight  but soon he stops the action and says with a merry smile  you guys better cut it out   cause i think i  m starting to like it   for years this kinky confession was censored  but current prints have restored the clip  so now viewers can enjoy it in its original devilish glory . still cut  however  is the closing gag in which the cat blows his brains out after he laments  now i  ve seen everything   this was a common gag at wb  but it has since been purged from this cartoon and several others  including horton .   
  in april      the university of chicago agreed to operate argonne national laboratory  with an association of midwestern universities offering to sponsor the research . argonne thereby became the first  national  laboratory . it did not  however  remain at its original location in the argonne forest . in      it moved farther west from the  windy city  to a new site on illinois farmland . when alvin weinberg visited argonne  s director  walter zinn  in      he asked him what kind of reactor was to be built at the new site . when zinn described a heavy  water reactor operating at one  tenth the power of the materials testing reactor under design at oak ridge  weinberg joked it would be simpler if zinn took the oak ridge design and operated the materials testing reactor at one  tenth capacity . the joke proved unintentionally prophetic .   br    br   the s    plant used convection to separate the isotopes in thousands of tall columns . it was built next to the k    power plant  which provided the necessary steam . much less efficient than k     the s    plant was torn down after the war .  br    br   concerned that the atomic energy commission research program might become too academic  lilienthal established a committee of industrial advisers  and during a november visit to oak ridge  he discussed with clark center  manager of carbide  carbon  a subsidiary of union carbide corporation at oak ridge  the possibility of the company assuming management of the laboratory .  br    br   prince henry  of prussia  arriving in washington and visiting the german embassy       . evidently  with prince henry of prussia according to the principles of science and its dangers their were already concerns with the applications of new science with military applications . the hohenzollern       ii    kaiser wilhelm  s splendid yacht at the   th st . pier  new york . taken at the exact moment of prince henry  s arrival  and the raising of the royal standard .  if royalty knew of these necessary precautions to citizen welfare then what was the necessity of the warfare wwi and wwii . the quality of management control i presume   br    br   thus  did the commandos of operation swallow volunteer for a military mission  or a business plan  based on the security principles of laboratory management  because supposedly their were no survivors  and the ones who were caught in europe ordered to be executed . of the    man commando team the survivors who were captured were executed under orders of the german army against subversion  and espionage acts of the state of germany .  br    br   the fhrer no .          g . kdos . okw  wfst  fhrer hq    oct .       signed  adolph hitler translation of document no .     ps  office of u . s . chief of counsel  certified true copy kipp major  declassified dod     .   march         reproduced at the u . s . national archives .  br    br   the oss society     whittier ave .     mclean  va       
i  ve received this movie from a cousin in norway and had to convert it from norwegian to american format with a copied video . comparing this film       with the heroes of telemark        kampen om tungtvannet  the struggle for the heavy water  casts the saboteurs themselves  playing their respective roles  though actors were also cast to play the roles of the saboteurs who have given their lives in norway  s struggle for freedom in later campaigns . the plot is in four languages norwegian along with french  german and english  complete with norwegian subtitles  .  br    br   impressive during this course of history was what led to the struggle . french scientists were interested in obtaining some two hundred kilograms of heavy water from norsk hydro in vemork to take back to france in order to do lab studies on its effectiveness . simultaneously  the nazis  too  were interested in obtaining heavy water to build a secret weapon . the french were worried that the nazis might take an early lead by invading norway  and through secret codes  their man carefully eluded nazi spies on his trip to oslo where he received the heavy water and making it back without hindrance . he was watched by two spies as he boarded an airliner  but they did not see him hop out on the other side where he crossed the tarmac to another plane nearby where his cargo was waiting for him . this clever trick worked by using the airliner as a decoy that the nazis later forced down in hamburg .  br    br   however  the invasion of norway on the morning of april        the nazis took over norsk hydro and it was up to the norwegian underground and british intelligence in london to take action . professor leif trondstad volunteered the services of eleven young norwegians the  swallow  and  gunnerside  groups who would successfully sabotage the heavy water production in vemork . this was shown in detail on how they actually carried out the operation  including the sinking of the ferryboat after the nazis abandoned norsk hydro to take the shipment of heavy water on rail cars to berlin .  br    br   the quality of the film was fair though there were many splices in the film . i highly recommend this film to anyone interested in world war ii history .  
this movie is a half  documentary . . . and it is pretty interesting . . . .  br    br   this is a good movie . . . based on the true story of how a bunch of norwegian saboturs managed to stop the heavy water production in rukjan  norway and the deliverance of the rest of the heavy water to germany .  br    br   this movie isn  t perfect and it could have been a bit better . . . the best part of the movie is that some of the saboturs are played by themselves     br    br   if you  re interested in history of wwii and film this is a movie that  s worth a look    
by saying that  i mean that this is not a well made movie but it  s a very good version of the real event and the best depiction so far . and if you are a ww  buff then this is a treat for you  cause there are three out of four saboteur members playing roles in this movie . it  s theater acting at best but then this is still as said before a semi documentary .  br    br   me personally am a die hard fan of our nearly over  human heroes of the second world war  and there should be hundreds of these movies showing us what they did so it won  t get forgotten by next generations . cause nowadays kids doesn  t read books  they watch movies .  br    br   so if you want a action extravaganza  rent private ryan  this is the truth about lingering pain  outrageous endurance and the will to fight when all seems lost .  
it tries to be the epic adventure of the century . and with a cast like sh kasugi  christopher lee and john  rhys davies it really is the perfect b  adventure of all time . it  s actually is a pretty fun  swashbuckling adventure that  even with it  s flaws  captures your interest . it must have felt as the biggest movie ever for the people who made it . even if it  s made in the   s  it doesn  t have a modern feel . it more has the same feeling that a old errol flynn movie had . big adventure movie are again the big thing in hollywood but i  m afraid that the feeling in them will never be the same as these old movies had . this on the other hand  just has the real feeling . you just can  t hate it . i think it  s an okay adventure movie . and i really love the soundtrack . damn  i want the theme song .  
this was a really cool movie . it just goes to prove that you don  t need silly litle things like continuity and scripts to make a movie . it traverses continents in seconds  people get shot and nothing happens to them  swords set on fire  samuari fight on sinking galleons  david essex is the epitome of slimey villainy and john rhys davies is just the dude . i enjoyed this movie but i like st movies  this is the perfect example of a very st movie that just kicks ass . if you like battlefield earth you  ll love this film  its swashbuckling  its fast  its silly  its samuaraitastic                  br    br   it also looks as if it was made in      
i find this movie the best movie i have ever seen  because it reflects the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war . the movie is impressive  not least because it actually happened . it reminds me of the story of anne frank .  br    br    
this movie is a masterpiece a story of a young woman during the war  and it really happen  not exactly as the movie  but it is a great story  i was impress by this film  the acting and the story where great i like this film because it is a true story it  s giff me a feeling that i was there and i feel sorry for the ca  rector that maruschka detmers is playing because who wants to end here life that way . i recommend that everybody have to see this film  special the young ones and ma by the learn something from this film . this film you can compare whit the movie soldier from orange or any real story that happened in the ww  .  
this is one of the best comedy ever  the writing of this parody of soap is brilliant and the cast  well just look at the names of the cast and you  ll understand why it is so great . if you  re a kevin kline fan  he does  as always  an fantastic performance  and robert downey jr is perfect . if you don  t laugh while seen this movie  you don  t have any sense of humor .  
as a another reviewer states hanna  s war is an outstanding film about an outstanding person  hanna  anniko  senesh  who would become the jewish joan of arc . unfortunately i diverge in opinion not agreeing that miss detmers as the lead is too beautiful to be taken seriously as a resistance fighter . in truth for me her performance is not held back by her beauty but makes it all the more stark in the terror of the sadistic brutality as a resistor she faces . maruschka detmers performance is brave  poignant  heartfelt or understood  and totally believable . in other words for me  in the zone .  from the opening credits . if you would like to learn about the suffering of someone else for something they believe in and be impressively entertained give hanna  s war with maruschka detmers a try . my hat is off also to ellen burstyn as hanna  s mother a much well known and famous actress who could have made effort to walk off with the film . in that it is a team effort perhaps of two actress  but not an all about eve situation .  
it sounds a bit awkward to call a film about war and holocaust shocking since many of us will know only too well of the horrors that war and violence brings . by using the adjective  shocking  i do not intend to imply that i am surprised about the things told about in this film or that i was formerly unaware of them  it is just that i am very much impressed by the way in which this film shows how crazy and incomprehensibly horrific it is to kill each other off  either with or without a  reason  .  br    br   the first part of the film focuses on hanna  s successful participation in the hungarian resistance . maruschka detmers would never have won an oscar for this performance  due to inconsistent directing  but still her acting is solid enough and she has enormous charisma . she is cast very well as hanna and immediately has our sympathy . her very beautiful looks help  of course  but that has nothing to do with her being simply a good actress  playing a good part .  br    br   certain inconsistencies keep occurring in hanna  s war . i sometimes get the idea director menahem golan  often despised for the gianni versace murder  was in a rush and should actually have allowed a few more takes per scene . on the other hand  i am very thankful he made this impressive and thought  provoking film and as i am very positive about it  i think he did a good job .  br    br   the second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic one . it focuses on hanna  s suffering  beware of donald pleasence  s scary portrayal of the cruel and sardonic captain rosza  and intensely shows the injustice and horror that comes with hate and violence and war . i receive hanna  s war  especially the second half  as a strong anti  war film and for that alone golan deserves credit . it is also this second half in which maruschka detmer  s talent comes out  creating a character which goes into film history as one of the most speaking  strong and tragic ever portrayed . it is also great to see ellen burstyn  whose appearance and acting style always remind me of romy schneider  who  had she been alive and cast  would have made a similar effective contribution to hanna  s war .  br    br   the tragic impact of the second half and the desperate tension which is sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news lead to a number of final scenes which show something so unexpected  so moving and poetic in its tragedy that it hit me like a bomb and left me in tears . and when i realized once more it wasn  t even fiction  it all actually happened  i found myself in even more tears . the image of hanna portrayed by maruschka detmers will be in my mind forever .  
for someone who remembers jane in the daily mirror strip cartoon  viewing this film is an exercise in nostalgia . in that context it is wonderful  but younger viewers would undoubtedly find the comedy limp and would miss the point that the actors are cartoon characters . the plotline is also a bit limp for today  s audience  but reflects the naivety of the   s and   s very well . jane  you must remember  was part of the escapist fantasy of the wartime years  created to boost the morale of the troops . she gave a double meaning to the  strip  in strip cartoon .  br    br   the story has something in common with the tales of edgar rice burroughs and rider haggard . the theme would have been a familiar one to readers in that era  a bunch of bumbling nazis thwarted by a few equally bumbling englanders  and set in the african jungle of course .  br    br   for jane fans  a must see . for the rest of you  a damp squib .  br    br    
the fury of the wolfman is a very good film that has a good cast which includes paul naschy  jacinto molina  perla cristal  vernica lujn  mark stevens  francisco amors  fabin conde  miguel de la riva  ramn lillo  jos marco  javier de rivera  and pilar zorrilla  the acting by all of these actors is very good . the wolfman is really cool  he looks great and he sound like the looney tunes character the tazmainian devil  there are some really hilarious scenes in this film  the thrills is really good and some of it is surprising . the movie is filmed very good . the music is good . the film is quite interesting and the movie really keeps you going until the end . this is a very good and thrilling film . if you like paul naschy  jacinto molina  perla cristal  vernica lujn  mark stevens  francisco amors  fabin conde  miguel de la riva  ramn lillo  jos marco  javier de rivera  pilar zorrilla  the rest of the cast in the film  werewold films  horror  sci  fi  thrillers  dramas  and interesting classic films then i strongly recommend you to see this film today   br    br   movie nuttball  s note  br    br   i got this film on a special dvd that has doctor blood  s coffin  the brainiac  and the fury of the wolfman from vintage home entertainment  see if you can find this winner with three bizarre but classic films on one dvd at amazon . com today   br    br   if you like werewolf films i strongly recommend these werewolf of london        the wolf man        frankenstein meets the wolf man        house of frankenstein        abbott an d costell meets frankenstein        the curse of the werewolf        an american werewolf in london        silver bullet        werewolf        the monster squad        my mom  s a werewolf        project metalbeast        bad moon        werewolf        dog soldiers        underworld        and van helsing         
this movie catches a lot of flak  but this is usually based on the horrible looking and covered  clothed version of the film that played us television and has also been issued to death on vhs and dvd buy companies like alpha  unicorn  etc . this movie never had a theatrical release in the states  although it was picked up by avco embassy in     . in spain at the time  when there was nudity involved  the filmmakers shot two versions  one with clothes and one with out . the fully uncut english dubbed export print was titled werewolf never sleeps and seems to have been released to home video only in sweden back in the    s . it can be found on ebay and the likes and comes highly recommended . my guess is avco cut the film down for a r rated release that never happened . in     it was released by avco to television titled fury of the wolfman and the clothed version was used for this tv print . cut to   years later and fury of the wolfman pops up on home video on the charter label . this version appears to be what avco was going to release back in    . it  s the uncovered version  with some nudity that would never pass on tv or in a pg movie . there are several scenes on the charter tape that play out with nudity that are clothed in the tv print  the source for all those dollar dud  s and vhs editions  . but a comparison to the fully uncut wolfman never sleeps reveals that  scenes are cut on this version   spoilers in next paragraph  the scene where ilona has waldermar chained to the wall and whips him after he transforms into the werewolf is incomplete . after whipping him into submission  she starts to remove her clothes and begins making love to the werewolf    the werewolf responds positively to these sexual shenanigans too . this scene certainly ranks as one of the most unusual in the history of horror films and is a delirious treat . it  s not graphic but the implied bestiality was too much for us audiences  or more likely the mpaa . ilona is desperately in love with waldemar and could not possess him  hence her whole scheme to mind control waldermar  s wife and involve her in an affair . she wanted to wreck his marriage  and she accomplishes this while waldemar is in tibet . unfortunately he returns a werewolf  but this does not slow her down a bit . if she can  t physically have him as a man  she loves him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf . this also helps explain the later scene where the werewolf beds down with a woman he spots getting naked before bedtime while peeping through her window . this scene is presented sans nudity in the covered version and really makes no sense . in the uncut version  it would seem ilona  s affections have made the werewolf horny and in need of release  so he rapes the first woman he can after escaping . the other cut is a complete scene of waldemar in bed with karen and she is seen naked . a very similar bedroom scene was cut out of the us version of werewolf shadow  werewolf vs the vampire woman  as well . the film does have it  s problems though  for certain . the director was drunk  the bad stand in for the werewolf at points  the atrocious english dubbing  the inclusion of sequences from the first waldemar film mark of the wolfman aka frankenstein  s bloody terror and the grotesque overuse of that film  s music score throughout etc  but seen in it  s original widescreen format and uncut  ie werewolf never sleeps  it is one of the wildest and most outrageous of the daninsky werewolf series  with a plot line unmatched in it  s everything but the kitchen sink approach . the cut  clothed pan and scan full screen copies of this film do it no favors  and unfortunately that  s the version almost everyone commenting on the film have seen . the film carries a     copyright  and i  d bet the     release date on the imdb is incorrect . the film precedes werewolf shadow  aka werewolf vs the vampire woman  in the series and was certainly released before werewolf shadow . the ending of werewolf never sleeps  fury of the wolfman dovetails directly into the opening of werewolf shadow  offering concrete evidence of this . sadly a complete version of this may never get a decent release . a perfect release would be the uncut english version but in spanish with english subtitles . the english dubbing severely hurts the movie . but any spanish language version would reflect the covered version as shown in spain during the franco era  where nudity was verboten .  
this movie is stuffed full of stock horror movie goodies chained lunatics  pre  meditated murder  a mad  vaguely lesbian  female scientist with an even madder father who wears a mask because of his horrible disfigurement  poisoning  spooky castles  werewolves  male and female   adultery  slain lovers  tibetan mystics  the half  man  half  plant victim of some unnamed experiment  grave robbing  mind control  walled up bodies  a car crash on a lonely road  electrocution  knights in armour  the lot  all topped off with an incredibly awful score and some of the worst foley work ever done .  br    br   the script is incomprehensible  even by badly dubbed spanish horror movie standards  and some of the editing is just bizarre . in one scene where the lead female evil scientist goes to visit our heroine in her bedroom for one of the badly dubbed  that is fantastical . i do not understand . explain to me again how this is . . .  exposition scenes that litter this movie  there is a sudden hand held cutaway of the girl  s thighs as she gets out of bed for no apparent reason at all other than to cover a cut in the bad scientist  s  mwahaha  all your werewolfs belong mine   speech . though why they went to the bother i don  t know because there are plenty of other jarring jump cuts all over the place  even allowing for the atrocious pan and scan of the print i saw .  br    br   the director was  according to one interview with the star  drunk for most of the shoot and the film looks like it . it is an incoherent mess . it  s made even more incoherent by the inclusion of werewolf rampage footage from a different film the mark of the wolf man  made  years earlier  featuring the same actor but playing the part with more aggression and with a different shirt and make up  is there a word in spanish for  continuity    and more padding of another actor in the wolfman get  up ambling about in long shot .  br    br   the music is incredibly bad varying almost at random from full orchestral creepy house music  to bosannova  to the longest piano and gong duet ever recorded .  thinking about it  it might not have been a duet . it might have been a solo . the piano part was so simple it could have been picked out with one hand while the player whacked away at the gong with the other .   br    br   this is one of the most bewilderedly trance  state inducing bad movies of the year so far for me . enjoy .  br    br   favourite line  ilona  this madness and perversity will turn against you   how true .  br    br   favourite shot the lover  discovering his girlfriend slain  dropping the candle in a cartoon  like demonstration of surprise . rank amateur directing there .  
someday somebody is going to write an essay comparing paul naschy  s  fury of the wolfman  to the great spanish surrealist films   l  age d  or  and  un chien andelou  . the naschy film is a masterpiece of delirium from beginning to end . dali and bunuel probably loved it  and ate their hearts out seeing someone do with such apparent ease what they had to rack their brains to pull off .  br    br   the film lacks cohesive structure even though it does have a plot that moves from a to b to c . some mishmash about a  professor walterman    his first name  mind you   who was bitten by a yeti monster during an expedition to tibet and hasn  t been the same since  which is understandable . one of his jealous colleagues  the insane daughter of the noted doctor wolfstein  knows about his condition and reveals that his wife has been cheating on him . but its a setup for a twisted scientific experiment to unleash his inner beast .  br    br    walterman  flips out  turns into a werewolf  kills a few people  is electrocuted  dies  is buried  unburied  taken to a castle filled with circus freaks  wired to various machines  zapped with assorted electronic effects  injected with potent elixirs  is chained up  turns into a werewolf  a woman in an evening gown with thigh  high nazi fetish boots whips him  he escapes  helps the pretty female doctor find her way out of the castle  fends off the circus freaks with a battle axe  eventually turns back into a werewolf  and has to fight to the death against the female werewolf incarnation of his cheating wife . the lady with the nazi boots shoots him with silver bullets from her luger pistol  they die together  and the pretty doctor walks off into the morning with the studly reporter  who did nothing .  look  what a beautiful day it is    br    br    la furia del hombre lobo  was written by paul naschy in a hurry . original director enrique eguilez was fired and replaced by jos mara zabalza  a drunk who was infamously intoxicated throughout the production . he was often unable to work  though he did find time to instruct his   year old nephew to make some alterations to the script  and naschy ended up directing much of the film uncredited . zabalza did rally enough to clip some action scenes from one of naschy  s previous movies   mark of the wolfman  . the scenes were fortunately good enough to use twice even if the costumes were different  and helped pad out the runtime after zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the movie . post production was a nightmare . nobody knew who was doing the editing  the money ran out  the master print disappeared for a while  and then at a pre  release screening for a film distributor the executive arrived to find zabalza urinating into the gutter in front of the theater . he was too drunk to find the restroom but at least he made it to the curb .  br    br   yet somehow the film works  if you let it . it keys into those atavistic memories we have about murky castles  vaulted catacombs  chains  whips  gloomy moors . fans of those sort of things will find it hypnotically watchable even if the story as a whole doesn  t make much sense due to the fractured discontinuity of the execution . in one scene its pouring rain and the wolfman howls at the lightning in the next shot its bone dry and he  s howling at the full moon . then its raining again . and yet you don  t look at it as a gaffe . its like an unfolding dream where contradictions are possible  opposites are the same  and effects proceed causes first the wolfman picks up the power cable and screams  and then the cable starts sparking with electricity . people say its low budget hurts the overall effectiveness   i say the film would have been unwatchable if they had a dime more to spend . it is a marvel of making something out of nothing  and succeeds not because of what it could of had  but because of what it does . it  s easy to laugh at stuff like this and even easier to dismiss it . the trick is being able to see through the mayhem  or rather to regard the chaos as part of the effect .  br    br   paul naschy died last week at the age of   . he had been ill with pancreatic cancer for a year or more  was working on film projects right up until his last days  but passed away in madrid  spain  with his family while receiving chemotherapy treatment . his rich  varied  and surprisingly lengthy career is a legacy to a man stubbornly pursuing his artistic vision in the face of universal mainstream disinterest . and yet in all of us there is an eleven year old kid who will watch his movies like  fury of the wolfman  in rapt awe . even people who don  t like euro horror will discover something in this movie to marvel at  if only for just a minute in a couple spots . you can find it for free at archive . org or even buy it on a dvd for a nickel . it  s worth far  far more .  br    br   amusingly  naschy was horrified to learn that many others like myself regard this twisted  sick  demented little movie as a classic  if not an outright masterpiece of cinema dementia . the problems he encountered during the production and the mess of a film that was left after were perhaps too personal an artistic disappointment for naschy to forgive . i would never presume to dare to forgive it for him  but i will say this i  d rather watch  fury of the wolfman  in its dingiest  most cut and degraded fullscreen public domain print than ever sit though the overbearing  obnoxious crap churning out up at the swine flu cineplexes this or any other weekend .  br    br   the world lost a great artist this month . watch his films  and remember .  br    br        
i absolutely love this movie and would really like to have it someday . it  s just a fascinating legend about an eagle who wears a turquoise necklace  i loved it and would like to see it again  i don  t remember too much about it  but that a native american boy lives in a nice village with his family  and i don  t remember what happens  but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone . his sister packs him some food and he goes . while he  s out there  some other indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him  and he turns into an eagle . the legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a turquoise necklace  it is the boy . i was always fascinated with legends  particularly native american legends and i would love to see this released someday to a dvd  please release it  whoever  s concerned   
this movie was great and i would like to buy it . the boy goes with his grandfather to catch a young eagle . the boy has to feed and care for the eagle until it is old enough to be sacrificed for the crops . the boy saves the eagle from being killed and runs away from the tribe . the eagle helps feed him by catching a duck from a small pond the boy scares up . later the boy shoots a deer that a bully kid was claiming because their arrows were marked very close the same . only until they check the thickness of the red lines do they determine who actually got the deer . but this was unfortunate because it made the other boys even crueler to him  and at the end he is being chased up onto a cliff but when you think he will fall off his pure love for the eagle transforms him into a golden eagle with only a necklace as a reminder of who he was . please if anyone knows where i can buy this movie let me know . i haven  t seen it for over   years  but still remember parts of the movie . deniselacey     yahoo . com  
man  i loved this movie  this really takes me back to when i was a kid . these were the days when the teachers still showed classroom films on reel  to  real and if you were good  they would rewind the movie slowly so you could watch it play backward . i still remember one of the opening lines . . . .  tutazema was his name  and he was an orphan . he lived with his sister so and so in the village .  this is a great movie for kids and as enduring as the red balloon . at the end the other indian boys in the village attach the feathers to tutazema and he becomes an eagle himself . he gets to live the way he always wanted to . he gets to soar the heavens .  
a riotous farce set in the world of glamorous daytime soap operas  this film is hilarious  admittedly  you have to have a taste for films with screaming  hysterical dialogue  over  the  top acting  and melodramatic plot twists . but if you do  you  re in for one hell of a treat .  br    br   sally field plays celeste talbert  daytime tv  s  queen of misery .  celeste  s cushy life is thrown into upheaval with the unexpected arrival of lori craven  elisabeth shue   her long  lost niece  and  simultaneously  jeffrey anderson  kevin kline  splendid as always   celeste  s long  ago lover . but celeste has been hiding a deep  dark secret  and the arrival of lori and jeffrey might just bring it to the surface . add in the diabolical montana moorehead  a wonderful cathy moriarty  in full  gorgeous woman with testosterone to spare mode    who is trying mighty hard to destroy celeste  s career david  robert downey  jr .   the weenie  boy producer of the soap who  s secretly plotting with montana to ruin celeste and  rose schwarz  whoopi goldberg   scriptwriter and celeste  s one true confidant  and you are in for a heaping helping of subplots and general chaos .  br    br   chaotic comedies like this are tricky to execute  does anyone remember  mixed nuts     but when done well  can be pretty damn funny  a major ingredient that is necessary to any good comedy is the casting of seasoned pros who know that lots of times the funniest things are not said but seen in an expression or a look . field  kline  goldberg  and the rest all work together so well and are clearly having a great time that it is hard not to become drawn in by their energy and enthusiasm . shue is clearly the weakest link here  but she only draws attention to herself because she is surrounded by field  kline  et al . moriarty is a stand  out in the showy villainess role  making you think of the hottest damn dominatrix you ever did see   there are also lots of familiar faces that you  ll recognize in small  but  nevertheless  all very funny  roles  including carrie fisher  garry marshall  kathy najimy  and teri hatcher . director michael hoffman keeps the pace swift and the histrionic plot moving toward the big finish . mention must also be made of robert harling  s screenplay  carefully constructed to stage a soap opera within a soap opera . the dialogue is boiling over with great lines  delivered brilliantly by the actors  i  d be willing to bet that a lot of this stuff was improvised  .  br    br   look  if you want to see a bunch of pros doing what they do best and having a great time doing it  get your hands on this one . if not for anything else  it will put you in a good mood and make you laugh   
oh  the sixties . there were some interesting films . i was more of a movie goer then . i now enjoy renting movies and relaxing in my home rather than going to the theater . i also saw this short film   the legend of the boy and the eagle  . i have been searching for this film for years . it was truly inspiring . surprisingly  i was finally able to gather more information from your site . thank you . . . . . . . . i  m surprised to find out that this short film was an opening for a disney picture . i too did not remember the disney film . i did not even remember that it was an opening film for disney . i truly wish they would show this on tv sometime . i wonder if disey holds the rights to this film  is it available on dvd  this is a must see for all generations     
i  ve also been looking to find this movie for quite some time  and how great it would be to find it on dvd . . .  br    br   i saw this movie when i was about  years old  in the netherlands . and i was very impressed by it . it was shown before walt disney  s jungle book   br    br   what i remember of this movie is fragmented . i remember that an indian boy was friends with an eagle . this impressed me very much . for some reason he was thrown out of his village  did not grasp the reason for this  . when other boys threw stones at him  he climbed a rock and jumped off . at that time he turned into an eagle and flew away with his eagle friend . as an eagle he was still wearing his turquoise necklace .  br    br   cb  
my son was  years old when he saw this movie  he is now on a russian fishing vessel and said that the movie he was most impressed with and that has lingered in his mind all of these   years is the movie of the legend of the boy and the eagle . he has asked if it were possible for me to get this for him . i am sure that a lot of things go through his head as he has only  hours of daylight and he has been on this ship for  months and will have  more months before his contract expires . since we have indian blood he connects to this movie . on january   th he will turn   years old and i would like to be able to obtain this movie for him . he lives in thailand and has been a commercial fisherman for the past   years and as we all know this is one of the most dangerous jobs . can you help me obtain this movie  thanking you in advance  dolly crout  soto  deerfield beach  fl  
i remembered seeing this movie when i was a kid one day on the wonderful world of disney . this movie has been in my memory for over   years and i have been looking for it . i would have to say that out of all the kids movies i saw back then   this one stuck out more than all of them and after only seeing it once  i really hoped i would get to see it again . the story and images of this movie have been burned into my memory . to this day  i never did see it after that day back in the   s  in fact  i never remembered the title until an internet search earlier today disclosed it to me . i loved it and want my kids to see it . does anybody know where i can find it   
i just found the imdb and searched this film and i was moved almost to tears by the comments of all the people who saw this film as i did when  or so years old in      . i saw it before the jungle book so i was eagle boy for a few hours and then mowgli for the next year . i burst into tears at the cinema when the boy turned into the eagle and always wanted to see the film again . when we got home we had a roast chicken dinner and i got the wish bone and guess who i wished to be  my dad then said  i bet you wished to be an eagle  and of course we all know that wishes are broken if someone guesses so more tears and a little resentment to this day for not being able to fly away . . .  
my favorite movie . what a great story this really was . i  d just like to be able to buy a copy of it but this does not seem possible .  
i have seen this movie when i was about  years old  which was   years ago  and i never forgot this movie  i was deeply touched and moved by the brave little boy and the beautiful eagle . and i just couldn  t believe it when he turned into an eagle just when everyone in the theater thought he was going to die . . .  br    br   my sister was in the movie with me and i asked her recently if she remembered the movie we saw with the boy and the eagle and she said she remembered it like we saw it only yesterday . so it isn  t just me .  br    br   this movie is a must see     br    br   you will never forget it  just like my sister and me . . .  
i read so many comments that i  too  shared about remembering this movie and wanting so badly to see it again but i didn  t know the name of the movie . thankfully  because of doing a search and finding the title on this site  i read the comments left here and realized that this was the movie i remembered . i then did a search and did find the movie and was so thrilled to be able to watch the movie once more   years later . because of this site and your comments  you helped me and so i want to thank all of you . i want to share how i was able to find this movie for all of you who were looking for a copy as well . it was on the vhs version of wonderful world of disney  s  call it courage  which contained  movies  the second one being  the legend of the boy and the eagle .  it touched me now as much as it did   years ago and now i own my own copy of it . i think it is only available on vhs . i found it on ebay and i have seen several copies of it there . enjoy it  i know i did   br    br   it is a wonderful story about the love of a boy and the eagle he took care of . when it was time to sacrifice the eagle  the boy set the eagle free because he couldn  t allow it to be killed . after the boy was forced to leave the tribe for punishment after freeing the eagle  the eagle  too  saved the boy  s life and more than that  taught him how to survive . the closeness that the boy and the eagle shared in the wilderness was so moving and the filming was really remarkable . what a wonderful era this was . i have never seen anything come even close to this movie   
i couldn  t agree more with the other comment  it  s like falling down . peter weller is ok and william hurt great as always  except in lost in space . this is a good movie . with pretty good performances . very recommendable . if you like falling down you  re going to enjoy this one .  of    
the story has been told before . a deadly disease is spreading around . . . but the extra in this film is peter weller  his interpretation of muller on the run is real . he is indeed a desperate person just going home to see his child . this person could be working next to you .  
it really is a shame that films like this never snag best picture nominations  because this one is simply a winner . this is by far the most consistently hilarious comedy i have ever seen . its screenplay and design are impeccable  not to mention the incredible cast . i can quote this movie for hours on end . watch it .  
piece of subtle art . maybe a masterpiece . doubtlessly a special story about the ambiguity of existence . tale in kafka style about impossibility of victory or surviving in a perpetual strange world . the life is  in this film  only exercise of adaptation . lesson about limits and original sin  about the frailty of innocence and error of his ways .  br    br   leopold kessle is another joseph k . images of trial and same ambiguous woman . and europa is symbol of basic crisis who has many aspects like chimeric wars or unavailing search of truth  essence  golden age .  br    br   methaphor or parable  the movie is history of disappointed  s evolution . war  peace  business or lie are only details of gelatin  time . hypocrisy is a mask . love  a convention . the sacrifice  only method to hope understanding a painful reality .  
william hurt may not be an american matinee idol anymore  but he still has pretty good taste in b  movie projects . here  he plays a specialist in hazardous waste clean  ups with a tragic past tracking down a perennial loser on the run   played by former pretty  boy weller   who has been contaminated with a deadly poison . current pretty  boy hardy kruger jr   possibly more handsome than his dad   is featured as weller  s arrogant boss in a horrifying sequence at a chemical production plant which gets the story moving . natasha mcelhone is a slightly wacky government agent looking into the incident who provides inevitable  high  cheekboned love interest for hero hurt . michael brandon pops up to play a slimy take  no  prisoners type whose comeuppance you can  t wait for . the coca  cola company wins the product placement award for     as the soft drink is featured throughout the production  shot lovingly on location in a wintery picture  postcard hungary .  
the contaminated man is a good film that has a good cast which includes william hurt  natascha mcelhone  peter weller  katja woywood  michael brandon  nikolett barabas  hendrick haese  dsire nosbusch  arthur brauss  and christopher cazenove . the acting by all of these actors is very good . hurt and weller are really excellent in this film . i thought that they performed good . the thrills is really good and some of it is surprising . the movie is filmed very good . the music is good . the film is quite interesting and the movie really keeps you going until the end . this is a very good and thrilling film . if you like william hurt  natascha mcelhone  peter weller  katja woywood  michael brandon  nikolett barabas  hendrick haese  dsire nosbusch  arthur brauss  christopher cazenove  the rest of the cast in the film  actio  thrillers  dramas  and interesting films then i strongly recommend you to see this film today   
now i had the pleasure of first viewing contaminated man when it premiered on tv back in december of     .  br    br   an infectious disease expert  william hurt  looses his family when an unknown disease enters his home and kills them . now some years later he is now in russia or someplace . i  m not sure where exactly  all i know is it takes place somewhere in that area . anyway  because of budget cutbacks at an infectious disease laboratory  they are forced to lay off most of their workers . one of them  a disgruntled security guard named joseph muller  played peter weller  best known for his role as the indestructible robocop  goes in there and demands that they give him his job back . he needs this job because he is divorced and he needs it to pay child support . so he goes in there  a fight breaks out  and some things get knocked over  dangerous things . it  s soon discovered that muller has been infected with a deadly pathogen . in fact it  s so deadly  one drop of his blood will kill a person in matter of seconds . soon word gets out and the disease expert  hurt  is called in to investigate and he later teamed up with an american reporter . now muller is determined to get home to see his wife and son and will stop at nothing even if he has to infect the entire russian population .  br    br   now as i said before this film is a lot like falling down . we have a disturbed person  weller here  michael douglas in falling down  who will stop at nothing to accomplish there goal even if they have to kill a few people in the process . next we have a hero  type person  hurt here  robert duvall in falling down  who is both sympathetic and determined to stop the antagonist .  br    br   contaminated man is in fact a very good film with a good story line and some very good performances .  br    br        
the first time i saw it i got half of it but i watched and i knew later on it was about a salem witch trials . they focused on the sara good  s family . she is famous for cursing a priest which came true . in the film it depicts her daughter dorcas and her husband the spirit of ann putnam sara  s husband comes to the future hunts this girl to redeem her soul . which does happen at the end of the movie . dorcas is depict as witch at  years old who is burned at the stake . which never happen ann putnam saves her from the flames . the girl is safe she goes to ann putnam  s grave to to see that is not empty but it is at first because she accuse her of witchcraft  and lets her burn to death . now that ann putnam saves her her spirit is redeemed  and she is not a outcast to society for the salem witch trials .  
in the seemingly endless quest to find well made  well acted horror films  it is all  too  rare to find one that even comes remotely close to hitting the mark . needless to say  i was very pleasantly surprised when i stumbled across  burned at the stake  on a u . s . cable network while i was flipping channels . the premise is reasonably simple . in      young ann putnam  swift  is the most vocal witness against alleged witches  leveling baseless charges against anyone who earns her displeasure . manipulating her for his own ends is reverend parris  peters  who also serves as the court  s guide on matters pertaining to witchcraft and satanism . things get complicated when ann starts accusing members of the goode family of witchcraft . salem  of     or so   loreen graham  also played by swift  begins having unusual visions shortly before she visits the salem witch museum . a strange man in seventeenth century garb tries to accost her there and the building . he continues to stalk her while strange phenomena begin to involve her more and more . soon  it appears that she is becoming possessed by the spirit of ann putnam . unfortunately  further description gets rather involved and would give too much away . though the film is not action  oriented and would likely be of little interest to many viewers  the performances are good and the seventeenth century dialogue used in the film  s many flashbacks sounds very convincing . the production values are solid with the possible exception of some of the special effects . in a side  note  the film  s technical advisor was laurie cabot  salem  s official witch . viewers who appreciate a well  made  atmospheric  but understated horror film may appreciate this . the writer  director  bert i . gordon  has had a long career in horror and science fiction filmmaking and is best known for his work on a number of  big bug  films and similar works years earlier .  
the biggest reason i had to see this movie was that it stars susan swift  an outstanding and all  too  underappreciated actress . time travel movies usually don  t interest me and neither do movies about witchcraft  but this movie was fascinating and creepy . it didn  t rely on outrageous special effects and it didn  t focus so heavily on the time travel that the viewer gets lost and confused . this was a really creative movie kept simple and focused with great acting by all .  
for a mature man  to admit that he shed a tear over this film is a mature response  to a mature film .  br    br   if one need admit more then perhaps one could say that   life  can never be the same  after viewing such advent for it has moved us to the next level .  br    br    
picture bride has an excellent look into hawaii  s past and the people who lived there in that time . the time  money earned and the hours that these people had put into their lives to survive and live  takes a whole new meaning to blood  sweat and tears .  br    br   the concept of dating  matchmaking is something like what we do similar today via the net . just that is more of snail mail . very slow snail mail .  br    br   the singing of the plantation  s songs from the workers reminds me of the southern plantation workers  songs of their demise and future goals .  br    br   the movie shows the hardship as well as soft romantic scenes that hawaii can bring . like the stillness of a storm coming and the sudden chaos of the rain and then the tranquility .  
this is a great film . from reading other reviews  i can see that i  m not the only one who shed a tear . tamilyn tomita acted with such skill and conviction  she made the ending heartfelt and memorable . in the hands of a lesser actress  her last scene would have seemed trite and corny . one would never guess this film was done on a tight  limited budget . the cinematography is gorgeous and there are a number of big name actors . the script is so wonderful  i can see why they all wanted to be in it . if you watch the long  long list of credits at the end  you  ll see that half of hawaii pitched in to make this film happen  and for good reason . the soundtrack  available on cd  is absolutely beautiful and sets the mood throughout the film . my only  complaint  is that i almost didn  t want the film to end .  
i saw this when it premiered and just re  watched it on ifc again . this is a great telling of the many possible stories about the immigrant farmworker population that came to hawai  i to work the sugar plantations in the early      s . my grandparents were part of that migration my parents were born on a kohala plantation  big island  at the time setting of the movie . i moved to the big island over a year ago after living in california for over   years . i was surprised to see that many of the former cane growing lands are still undeveloped  with wild cane still growing  years after the plantations closed . i  ve heard many stories from my aunts and uncles who were kids growing up on the plantation . this movie helps to image those kinds of stories and memories . this story is more of an historical document than a romantic plot  driven movie . it leaves me shaking my head to read a review like ccthemovieman  s . some people just don  t get it .  br    br   i didn  t recall that youki kudoh had the starring role  with which she did an incredible job . i recall her great performances in jim jarmusch  s  mystery train  and in an australian film  co  starring with russell crowe   heaven  s burning  . tamlyn tomita did a great job with her pidgin english  especially for someone who didn  t grow up in the islands . i had forgotten that toshiro mifune had a cameo role as the moving picture show narrator . and i missed the fact that jason scott lee had an uncredited  non  speaking part as one of the plantation workers during the payday scene .  br    br   i was saddened to find out that the director and co  writer  kayo hatta  died in an accidental drowning in     .  br    br   there are two other excellent foreign films that mirror this cane plantation experience  gaijin  about the immigrant cane workers in brazil  many of them japanese  in the same time period and  sugar cane alley  about the cane plantation experience in africa . the latter is still available  but  gaijin   sadly  doesn  t appear to have been shown in quite a while . another great film about the early asian in america experience when immigrants were more like slaves is  a thousand pieces of gold  . this was set over the chinese workers  involvement in the building of the railroad  starred rosalind chao  chris cooper  michael paul chan  and dennis dun .  
it  s funny . it  s not arthur miller or t . s . elliot  but man this is funny . kline and fields are great .  her toss  off line  god  you are so disgusting  as she climbs in his window  great  kline  s running into the door after scoping out teri hatcher  great too   robert downey jr . and kathy moriarty work together flawlessly  until he finds out who she really is . . . a soap opera turn if there every was one   br    br   the scene near the end in the chinese dining area had my kids and i rolling on the floor  that scene alone is worth the rental price .  br    br   doesn  t solve any world problems or show the seemy underbelly of daytime t . v .  i hope  . just a lot of fun .  
good historical drama which is very educational and also very entertaining to people who like history . very good acting and script . not as sensual and sexy as it is sometimes marketed  be prepared to peek into the pioneer spirit and human ability to adjust . very touching as well for the spiritually mature . not for people who do not like to think . . . . . .  
japan     . the story of    year old ryu begins with the death of her father . as it will be revealed later  both of her parents have died of tuberculosis . in this desperate situation ryus aunt has arranged a marriage with a japanese man in hawai  whom they know only from its picture . by her arrival in hawai ryu discovers that her new husband is much older as in the photograph  and that he lives in very humble circumstances beside a sugar cane plantage were he works on . ryu not used to the hard labour on the plantage and in despair over her situation in her new home thinks of running away . she soon discovers that she has nowhere to go . the friendship to kana  a female co  worker of hers  gives her new hope and strength . this picture is based on real events between     and the     s  when thousands of asian woman were married off to men in america  whom they only knew from their picture . this not very well known picture is well written and acted . the location is breathtaking . this film also features mifune toshiro in his very last screen appearance as a benshi  narrator of silent movies  . this film gives some insight of japanese culture here and across the ocean . a must see   
picture bride paints a realistic and moving portrait of what it must have been like for japanese men brought to hawaii at the turn of the   th century to work in the sugar cane fields . most came planning to return to their homeland  but few were ever able to do so . equally movingly portrayed is the fate of japanese women  some as young as fifteen or sixteen  who were sent as promised brides to men they knew only through photographs that often were   or    years out of date  or were of some other younger man . they too worked long hard hours in the fields  while fighting homesickness and to preserve their dignity .  br    br   director hatta  s portrayal of one picture bride  s courage and perseverance struggling to survive in a strange land and alien society under great physical duress  is  ultimately  inspirational and uplifting   a story of moral and cultural survival . there is a grandness and magnificence of sweep of character and landscape in picture bride that captures the alluring beauty as well as violent harshness of colonial hawaii . this is a film that is emotionally  intellectually and artistically rewarding .  
distortion is a movie that sort of caught me by surprise . . a sort of multi layered drama that focuses on a man writing a play about his life experiences that are happening to him right at this moment . to be more concise  he feels that his wife is cheating on him  so he hires a private eye to snoop on him . his wife has no idea that this is happening . meanwhile  the actors in this play are also having a few whoopdedoodles up their sleeves by fooling around with each other and with  shall we say  unscrupulous people in the world of israel . the whole thing culminates in a theater with all the actors present and the predictable  but not really  happens .  br    br   the director of the piece really keeps things moving along with the ensemble cast of characters  and edits in a way that makes you pay attention  this is a fun film actually  one which i didn  t mind viewing and would recommend people check out .  
this is arguably the best film director haim bouzaglo made until now . a skilled tv director  well  trained in story  telling and in directing his actors through long epics he tried to catch in this very low  budget film the essence of the very special psychological situation the israelis live though under the permanent danger of the terror attacks  resulting in  distorted  lives . each character trying to live his own life  to watch and control the other  while being himself watched and controlled by other characters and mostly by the continuous pressure  by political and historical forces well beyond his control . some call this destiny  but destiny has a very concrete representation in this film .  br    br   there is no explicit political saying in  distortion  . characters never discuss politics  not even at the level of saying  bastards   when they hear that a new terror attack happens . their reaction to events is to localize the attack and to count the victims using the official and media terminology for the dead and the wounded . they do not really live but rather survive on borrowed time happy to have survived one bomb  and waiting for the next one to happen . personal  social  professional life seems to work someway  but is deeply flawed and influenced by events . the main character played by the director is a playwright whose mid  life personal and creative crisis is amplified by the pressure of the events and by the fact that he is lucky enough to leave a terror attack site minutes before the bomb explodes . he hires a private detective to follow his girlfriend who is a tv investigative reporter whom he suspects is falling in for the subject of her next show  another failed man  former military  whose business and family life dismantles under the events . he starts to write a play that carbon  copies the reality and will bring it to the stage  in theater in film scene that reminds hamlet as well as  synecdoche  new york  . it  s not that i would dare suspect charlie kaufman looking over the shoulder of bouzaglo  he certainly needs not that  but the israeli director screen is brilliant into anticipating the later film  and the first directed by kaufman  . as in the american film actors play real persons and start interacting with them in an reality  meets  stage  meets  reality melange which never lacks logic  at least not artistic logic .  br    br   bouzaglo directs his actors with the usual talent  trusts them and allows them the freedom of living through the situations rather then acting them . his style is much more free here than in his tv series  and the  distortion  effects  although borrowed from american horror movies work pretty well all over . the ending seemed to me a little rhetorical and unsatisfying dramatically  but the shade of the suicidal killer who is haunting the film and the whole situation in a temporal loop will also follow the viewer when remembering later this film .  
distortion is a disturbing  haunting film  about life imitating art and art reflecting life . haim bouzaglo  the director of the film  plays the role of haim bouzaglo  artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright  who finds inspiration in his suspicions about the subject of his girl friend  s documentary . as an arab suicide bomber  disguised in skullcap and american t  shirt  wanders through the landscape in search of his target and his nerves  haim transcribes his girl friend  s life as she films her documentary and incorporates himself and his actors  lives during rehearsals . but the bomber has already struck and haim has left the restaurant just minutes earlier . despite the manipulation of time and space  the story is crystal clear  comprehensive and absorbing  a brilliant commentary on the  distortion  of everyday israeli life  where the political is intertwined with the personal  where everyone lives  on the edge   and people never know whether they are playing leading roles in their own lives or are merely dispensable bit players in someone else  s dramatic narrative .  br    br   bouzaglo plays with this notion of everyone being an actor in someone else  s production brilliantly . we are always voyeurs  seeing what the fictional director sees illicitly but also what the  real  director chooses to reveal . to remind us that these glimpses are violations of privacy  bouzaglo takes us into the bathroom and the bedroom  sometimes the bedroom is the street and rooftop   and repeatedly frames his views within tv  video  or security screens . actors play the role of actors who represent the  real  characters played by actors . of course  each of the actors is the star of his or her own production  only dimly aware of their diminished roles in their fellow actor  s personal films . the detective hired by the playwright becomes a character in the play . the actor hired to play the role of the detective seeks out the detective for  tips  on how to play the role  is caught by the detective on surveillance tapes  and they attend a cast party as their real selves .  br    br   despite this multiplicity of views  there is no mistaking the clear lines of this narrative the playwright searches for subject matter  the bomber seeks a target  and the detective stalks the filmmaker . nor is there any difficulty locating bouzaglo  s ultimate targetenervated and impotent israel  fully conscious of the threatening peril but incapable of meaningful action . israel is bouzaglo  the impotent fictional playwright cannibalizing his own life for his play . israel is also the bankrupt soldier  entrepreneur who is the subject of the filmmaker  s documentary  the cheating actors and actresses  and the cuckolded husband . they are all israel because they are all helpless  caught in inaction or aimless action  as the bomber scans the landscape for his best target . all the characters can do as another bombing is reported is have sex and keep  score  of victims .  br    br   there is personal triumph  vindication  perhaps revenge at the end of this play within a story within a film  but viewers will be left aching for the state of israel even as they are filled with admiration for bouzaglo  s memorable rendition of a nation  s plight within the telling of an individual  s story .  
i have read with great interest the only available comment made before mine on this movie and i would first like to say that i understand the point of view of the previous user who commented on this movie very well viewed from an israeli perspective  i can very well imagine that this movie touches upon very sensitive issues and that the slightest detail can have a great importance for a viewer who is more or less directly concerned by the events depicted in this movie . what i would like to say is that  distortion  was shown at a film festival in geneva in november      festival  cinma tout cran   where it won the award of the audience   prix du public  in french  . for what affects me  i liked the  nervous camera  work of mr bouzaglo  who  in my opinion  portrayed an atmosphere of extreme tension and uneasiness in the movie very well  and i think that most of the swiss viewers appreciated this in the movie . this perspective  however  might seem totally  alien  to an israeli viewer  but not so surprising when it comes to swiss viewers  because switzerland is a country which has never been subject to any terrorist attack . it therefore comes as no surprise that the audience in geneva judged this film with a much more  detached  perspective . i would also like to quote what mr bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by a geneva newspaper  i  m translating from french     after   years of living here and after undergoing all this violence  we may ask ourselves if it is still possible to remain normal . we might sometimes think that it would be easier to commit suicide than to go on living . we are like the characters in my movie    on the edge of the edge   . this is the reason why the private detective  who is somehow   voyeur   is the happiest character in the movie  because he earns a living thanks to the system  he takes advantage of this situation   this is  in substance  the main thing that i and the swiss public  in my opinion  pointed out in this movie  and that we did not pay attention to some inconsistencies regarding the characters in the movie which the precedent reviewer pointed out with great accuracy and humor . so  to sum up  different countrydifferent perspective  but i think that this is somehow great  because it reassures me for what affects the future of cinema  that is to say that it well never be subject to a  unique  of  formatted  way of thinking .  
the premise is simple . this movies starts out looking like your average lame chick flick about two attractive young people meeting each other in an airport  then things take a    degree turn . . .  br    br   i for one  really dislike the kind of mind numbing love story nonsense that pollutes the average movie theater . and it is my humble opinion that wes craven  based on his previous meta  horror films  sceam  does too . . .  br    br   following this logic  it  s not surprising to find that craven sardonically takes his time to built up a nauseatingly sweet  sependipity love   story  only to have an awesome cillian murphy wreck that whole sugar  coated dreamworld . . .  br    br   the scope of his character jackson ripner  jack the ripper  get it  lame  right   in this film is impressive  he goes from being utterly charming to being a twisted nihilistic sicko  which is a plus in my book . as he proceeds to freak out his victim  jennifer garner lookalike rachel mcadams  who i found pretty annoying by the way   you can  t help but sympathize with the guy . . .  br    br   this is wes craven  embodied in jackson ripner  through cillian murphy  bashing all brainless chick flicks . . .  br    br   mr . craven  i salute you .  br    br   best quote  br    br   jackson ripner  after beating the snot out of rachel mcadams in the airplane toilet    thanks for the quickie      
rachel mcadams . cillian murphy . wes craven . the dream team . this is one of the best thrillers of     . a great plot . a great twist . a great eye candy . this is one of wes craven  s greatest movies apart from  scream  and  a nightmare on elm street  . this could be the best . the plot is one of the best things about the movie and it is very simple . lisa reisert  mcadams  a struggling hotel manager  boards a late red eye back to la . little does she know that she has been followed by jackson ripner aka jack the ripper  murphy  . they have a couple of drinks and end up sitting together on the plane . later he reveals to her that he is an assassin who was sent to kill the secreteary of homeland security who is staying in lisa  s hotel . and what does this have to with lisa . well  she would have to move his room to the top suite so they can bomb him  if she doesn  t ripner will murder her father  brian cox  . the twist and bringing of the story really gives it the extra zing and the side characters and the side jokes really add to it . overall  definitely one of the best thrillers of     . definitely worth the see .  br    br       out of  stars  
wes craven has been created a most successful killer  thriller movies of all time . after watching he  s movies  you will find your new fears . people don  t know  which wes craven  s thriller movie is the best  because they all different .  br    br   in this movie  lisa is terrorize by fellow  traveler . he coercible her to kill and if she don  t do this  jack will kill her father . lisa is in the huge mess  because whatever she choose  she will kill .  br    br   acting was unreal . rachel mcadams and cillian murphy acted unbelievable good . the emotions was in right choose . idea and script of this movie is great too . . .  br    br   sometimes it reminds a  scream   but he definitely better  than both  screams  sequels together .  br    br   and what can i say  this is the best killer  thriller movie in    s century yet . . .  
it was extremely low budget  it some scenes it looks like they recorded with a home video recorder  . however it does have a good plot line  and its easy to follow .  years after shooting her sexually abusive step father amanda is released from the psychiatric ward  with the help of her doctor who she is secretly having an affair with . the doctor ends up renting her a house and buying her a car . but within the first   minutes of the movie amanda kills him and buries him in her backyard . then she see  s her neighbor richard sets eyes on him and stops at nothing until she has him . she acts innocent but after another neighbor buzz finds out that amanda killed that doctor and attempted to kill richards wife laurie  this is after amanda and him get it on in the hot tub  . then she stops acting so innocent and kills buzz and later on attempts to kill richard whom she supposedly loves and cares for . and you  ll have to rent the movie to find out if amanda dies or not . overall good movie  reminds me a lot of my life you know the whole falling for the neighbor and stopping at nothing until you have him part .  
great little thriller . i was expecting some type of silly horror movie but what i got was tight short thriller that waste none of our time . mostof these movies we have to get into the back characters stories so we will either feel sympathy for them or hatred when people start getting killed . o such foolishness here . yes you see a few characters but they really only interact with the principals . such as the husband wife at the motel whose room was canceled . we saw them so we could just how efficient the lisa character was and how inefficient the new hotel clerk was . we see the little girl simply because she will have a very small but important role later in the movie when all heck breaks loose . the flight atrendants because we need on in particular to move the plot ahead . the bad guy in particular needs her in the beginning of the flight . the rude guy in the airport was important to the movie too . the only  characters that were just  liners with no use to the plot were the two young guys on the plane . that was clever because i thought they would have something to do with plot . from the first scene to the last the woman character a young hotel executive named lisa is in charge . even when jackson shows his true colors she doesn  t panic . she thinks what she can do to stall time . any other movie the smart executive women would be acting like idiots . but not this one . it was a very short movie and i was waiting for the usual plot devices to kick in because the movie seemed to be coming to its conclusion fast . thankfuly none of them were used . the new hotel clerk did not do the usual called and told her what to do  which is panic drop the phone and run out of the hotel without saying anything  or question your boss and tell her she had to much to drink and just dismiss her . was craven should do more of these types of movies . also one last comment . brian cox is in the movie but i had not one clue who he was . i had to come over here to see that he is lisa  s father . he is completely unrecognizable .  
i was bored one night and red eye was on and thought why not .  br    br   red eye is one of the best movies in a long time .  br    br   i mean i just got into the movie cause it was just so brilliant .  br    br   the story is new and different .  br    br   the movie also has two great leads in the movie with rachel mcadams as lisa reisert and cillian murphy as jackson rippner .  br    br   the acting is just brilliant and you get the feel for the people in the movie .  br    br   the music is just excellent  it give you chills and can also make you feel relax .  br    br   i just love how the movie was just so well done and it never gets boring .  br    br   red eye is just phenomenal . nothing more and nothing less .  br    br   it  s a excellent thriller .  br    br   overall  i enjoy red eye so much that i can watch it over and over again .  br    br   if you like red eye  then i recommend elektra and cry wolf .  br    br   i give red eye  out of   .  br    br   great movie  
cillian murphy and rachel mcadams star in this action  thriller written and directed by the master of suspense  wes craven  himself . the whole movie starts with some trouble at the lux atlantic  a hotel in miami . the problem is all fixed by lisa reisert  the manager of the hotel . then she goes to the airport  and that  s where all of the trouble begins . she meets jackson rippner  who doesn  t like to be called jack because of the name jack the ripper  if you know you him and i mean . then they board the plane  and crazy enough  rippner and reisert sit next to each other . for the next half  hour  lisa is terrorized  tormented  and terrified by rippner . i won  t give anything away . then we move on to where jack is chasing lisa in the airport . then lisa goes to her house to see if her father is okay  and crazily enough  rippner is already there . there is nearly twelve minutes of violence and strong intensity throughout that entire scene . in total  about   minutes of intense action comes at the end .  br    br   not only was the movie intense but it had a great plot to it . like i said  i will not give anything away because it  s so shocking and thrilling and somewhat disturbing  frightening . and the acting from every single character in the movie  even the ones with no lines at all  were all pitch perfect . it was incredible . everything was awesome in this movie  the acting  the music  the effects  the make  up  the directing  the editing  the writing  everything was wonderful  wes craven is definitely the master of suspense . red eye is definitely a must  see and is definitely worth spending your money on . you could watch this movie over and over and over again and it would never ever get boring .  br    br   red eye i have to say is better than   out of   stars .  br    br   original mpaa rating pg     some intense sequences of violence  and language  br    br   my mpaa rating pg     some very intense sequences of violence  and language  br    br   my canadian rating   a violence  frightening scenes  disturbing content  
  you  ll know what i mean after you  ve seen red eye . . .   br    br   overall  red eye was a better  than  expected thriller . it gets off to a slow start  and slowly builds . but by the time it was over  it  s a thumper   br    br   it  s hard to exactly define what makes this thriller as . . . thrilling as i found it . except that  simply put  the director did a creditable job of pulling you into the action of what would otherwise have been a run  of  the  mill plot . i rather tended to forget i was watching a movie . that says a lot .  br    br   other factors  i think  are the  closeness  of victim and bad guy . . . and that over time  you begin to really relate to the victim . a scant  out of    more like a  .  . . . but that  s pretty good   
red eye  a movie that id had wanted to see for awhile . . . cillian murphy plays jack ripner  jack the ripper  a managerial pose to assassins  and his literally killer plan to knock off a highly profiled man and his family .  br    br   an everyday woman  lisa   i think  is a normal woman  goes to work  home . . . worries . . . hates to fly .  br    br   the death of her grandmother sends her on a flight which delayed several times .  br    br   a flight where she meets jack . . . an ordinary seeming guy  until he suavely reveals his profession and plans  which coincidentally include her in them  she is the key to the keefe  s  sp   death .  br    br   she succeeds in saving them . . . but nearly the cost of her life is taken  jack is beaten . . . the keefs are saved . . . oh what a story laughs just kidding  the movie is really good actually  the best of last year . . . there are small things that you have to pay attention to earlier in the movie that play a great importance to the movie later . . .  the frankenstein pen  i watched it several times before catching all the little jokes and quirks . . .  br    br   a must see for thriller fans no sexual  but there is a slight hint  the bathroom scene   jack   thanks for the quicky  and the  female attendant   ohhh . . . its gonna be one of those flights   second female attendant   hey  this isn  t a motel  you get the idea . . .  
  a very pretty red headed woman waiting for her plane meets a charming young man that she connects with . as the two get on their flight and sit next to each other the young man jack becomes deadly as he threatens lisa to either change the room that a politician and his wife will be staying in  or else have her father die . see now that  s what you happens when you fly coach  stuff like that never happens in first class .  br    br    other than having a conflict that takes place on a flight  the other thing that this movie shares with  flightplan  is the sheer unbelievability if that  s a word of the story . the point of the whole is to get the main character to change a politician  s room so he can be assassinated which is a pretty plausible plan  but won  t it have being easier for jack to just find someone that was computer savvy and have them hack into the hotel  s system  teenagers today can damn near do anything with computers  so i  m pretty sure it would have been easier for him to simply get someone to change it using a computer instead of going through the trouble of spying on lisa and getting her into the predicament that she lands on in the movie .  br    br    plus one thing that struck me as odd was how no one on the plan heard a single thing they were talking about . this is a very small plane were talking about here and since their voices were raised occasionally it seems to me like the other passengers should have heard something . but i  m     sure that i  m reading way too much into it . the movie is meant to be as realistic as an episode of     so one can  t be perplexed by such complexities . for all my complaints though  this is still a very fun movie that gets the job done . it  s not exactly the type that requires to shut of your brain  but at the same time it doesn  t require great intelligence to fully enjoy .  br    br    i  d love to sit here in my comfy chair and rave about the brilliant acting in the movie but really i can  t . i love rachel mcadams  i love cillian murphy  and i like brian cox  but they don  t really stretch their acting muscles here . it  s not really much of a problem since this isn  t the movie that studios hope to win multiple awards and the acting isn  t the least bit horrible  just not great . wes craven isn  t exactly the first that comes to mind when you think of a movie like this  but he does a very nice job considering the time they had to film the movie and the lack of depth to the script . it was definitely a huge improvement over the disappointing  cursed  and as much as i liked him doing something different with this movie  i still would love for him to go back to doing what he did in the past which is great horror movies that is talked about decades after it  s release .  br    br    one nice thing about the movie which i really appreciated was just how short the movie was . it is great to sit and watch a nice three hour or so movie once in a while  but nowadays it  s like every movie that comes out feels too long  where as this movie just felt like the right length . not too long  and too short . they don  t waste time by trying to develop the characters too much because they know this isn  t the movie for that and by doing so they made a very nice short movie . being a huge film music geek  i have to say that the best part of the movie is the ultra cool score by marco beltrami . it  s really nice to see beltrami go from writing the predictable stuff to the great music he  s doing now . i really the cool techno  orchestral stuff he does for the main titles . too bad that i can  t find the soundtrack anywhere  would have really loved to listen to the titles anytime i wanted instead of having to pop in the dvd when i want to hear it .  br    br    overall it  s nice for what it is and whiles it  s far from great cinema  should still provide for some small entertaining hour and a half  
this is an excellent  fast paced thriller by wes craven  nightmare on elm street   who for   minutes leaves aside the supernatural and presents us with something even more terrifying  the evil of human beings . we are far more likely to encounter the benign evil of jackson rippner than freddy kruger  and cillian murphy  batman begins  does an excellent job of presenting a sociable  friendly  even charismatic killer . the performances by murphy and by rachel mcadams  claire  from the wedding crashers  are brilliant . most of the film takes place on a very intimate level  between two people  their eyes  their faces . it is action on a small scale  not the broad sweep of the canvas  and it is no less compelling for these limitations . the cinematography is nothing special  though of course one can do only so much with a camera in the confines of a passenger jet  but the dialog is excellent  the story taut . there are no distractions  no subplots confuse the issue which is at its heart a battle between the main characters . by keeping his focus and avoiding distractions  wes craven is able to take what is a very minimal plot and turning it into an exciting  fast  paced action thriller .  
lisa is a hotel manager or owner and she gets on a flight to miami . she ends up sitting next to an assassin named jackson who tells her that she has to switch a room of a family or her father dies . the reason she has to switch the room is because jackson wants to blow it up .  br    br   it  s a great suspense movie because lisa tries several ways to escape this ploy that jackson has set up . the whole storyline is great and i thought that they could have spent some more time on the plane . there could have more to the plane but other than that  the whole movie was pretty good .  br    br   i especially liked the ending because it was heart  stopping . i didn  t know what was going to happen and i was surprised by it . for me  this movie just took off .  
  i didn  t want this to get complicated  leese . i have to assume she  s gonna read that .  fear takes flight at       feet in this taut  action thriller . an overnight flight to miami quickly becomes a battle for survival when lisa  rachel mcadams  realizes her seatmate  cillian murphy  is planning to use her as part of a chilling assassination plot . as the minutes tick by  she  s in a race against time to warn the potential victims before its to late .  br    br   one of the many reasons i love this movie  is because of the chemistry between the two stars  mcadams and murphy  who are also two of my top favorite actors . for example  the early scenes at the airport play more like a romantic comedy two people keep running into each other . . . . i got to hand it to the two as well  for making a film like this work . especially  murphy  s character . . jackson who really seems to be sort of complicated in that way that he acts charming and innocent  yet he  s trying to do his job and make lisa feel trapped physically and mentally . i mean  in certain parts he really seems to be concerned for lisa .  br    br   a great thrill ride all the way through . a lot of films i would hate to see a prequel or a sequel about  but actually i wouldn  t mind a prequel to this one  which would take place with jackson surveilling lisa . favorite scene is probably that headbutt scene  because it was so unexpected . there was also that nice buildup to the famous  pen  scene . when is she going to make her move  there was also that nice change in mcadam  s lisa  where she changed herself from being a victim into fighting back . i also loved the scene where she sits down in the food court and pretends to ask some ladies a survey about the food court . how great was murphy with his whole weezing . . . . .  
red eye is a thrilling film by the creator of freddy kreuger  wes craven . wes craven depicts the story of a regular hotel worker lisa . after attending the funeral of her grandmother  she decides to take the red eye flight . during waiting  she meets this man named jack rippner   how fffrreeaakkyy is that   and they sort of become friends . ironically  both sit right next to each other on this plane . then this is when the horror starts . this movie is thrilling and to the weak hearted people who don  t like thrilling  horror films  well lets say that its possible that they might pee in their pants . this is an excellent example of a bone shaking production . wes craven did well with this film . he chose the right actors  like rachel mcadams  an intelligent  sexy girl who knows what she  s doing and is cautious of everything when she  s acting in a film . cillian murphy  the scary and horrifying actor who can chill your bones at his amazing acting being the bad character in this film  and his face can really widen your eyes . wes craven did an excellent job and i hope that he makes more films like this one .  
like most people  i  ve seen jason priestley on tv and i think he  s great . but i didn  t know he had a sister  justine priestley is simply  mah  velous as the scorned other woman . good music  intrigue  and a death scene involving amanda  s revenge on an abusive dr . that will stay with you for weeks . i  ll leave it at that . kudos .  
red eye is a good little thriller to watch on a saturday night . intense acting  great villain and unexpected action .  br    br   some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short   min  s and    of the movie is on a plane and just talking . don  t worry they pull it off very well with the smart and witty dialog .  br    br   a pg    movie seems to be new grounds for director wes craven . but surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller .  br    br   this movies strongest point is its cast . this film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills . if they didn  t have those actors the film would have been lost and boring . we had rachel mcadams from mean girls and wedding crashers . cillian murphy from batman begins and   days later . rounding off this cast is brian cox from x  men  .  br    br   the pacing in this film was great . just when your thinking its going to get boring they throw a twist at you . luckily this isn  t a long movie and doesn  t feel like it either . much better then the other flight movie flight plan .  br    br   here is my flight plan comment http   www . imdb . com  title  tt         usercomments      br    br   i recommend . not too long and not too shabby .  br    br        
red eye starts in texas where hotel receptionist lisa reisert  rachel mcadams  is about to catch the last  red eye  flight back to miami where she lives  works . while waiting for her plane lisa meets the handsome  charming jackson rippner  cillian murphy   they both seem to hit it off  then when they board the plane they discover that by a coincidence they are seated next to each other . once the plane takes off  they are in the air jackson reveals who he really is  that their seemingly chance meeting was not a coincidence  jackson says that he is working for someone who wants to assassinate the homeland security secretary charles keefe  jack scalia   they need her to change his rooms at the hotel where she works in miami . jackson tells lisa to phone the hotel  make it happen or her father will be killed . . .  br    br   directed by wes craven who is perhaps better known for his horror films such as the last house on the left        a nightmare on elm street        the serpent and the rainbow        the people under the stairs        the scream trilogy of teen slashers a short  punchy  fast paced little thriller like red eye seems like a big departure from the sort of film craven usually makes . the script by carl ellsworth makes for a surprisingly gripping thriller that i must admit i really enjoyed  at only   odd minutes in length it  s a very quick moving  economical  straight to the point sort of film that focuses almost entirely on one tight  taught plot rather than go off in various directions with lots of subplots . some may like this approach like i did while other  s may not but i think it draws you into the action a lot more as it comes thick  fast without the film slowing down any  giving you a chance to relax . i really liked the plot for red eye  sure a film like this is always going to have one or two questionable moments in terms of plotting but what the hell  it  s a film made to entertain  for me that  s what it did . i really liked the two central character  s  lisa comes across as very likable while jackson rippner  an obvious play on the name of the notorious victorian serial killer jack the ripper  is a suitably slimy villain with a cold  i  m only doing my job  type mentality . another plus point is that i didn  t think anyone behaved overly stupid here  everyone actually seemed like human beings  the films plays out in a relatively plausible fashion . i really liked this  it  s one of craven  s better more recent films .  br    br   craven turns in a good solid tense  tight  taught  fast paced thriller with an attractive cast  some good action  a gripping plot . he certainly doesn  t hang about  once he starts the action  tension he never lets up  far  away the most effective part of the film is when rippner is holding lisa hostage on the plane  once the film switches to miami  lisa  s fathers house it does become a little bit more routine but it  s still good . a special mention goes to rachel mcadams who is absolutely gorgeous in this  i could probably watch red eye again just because she is in it  looks drop dead stunning . those who see wes craven  s name attached to red eye expecting a horror film should think again since there  s no horror in it at all  despite the imdb listing  horror  as red eye  s genre  . i am not sure about the ending  on the one hand it was nice to see the villain live for a change which goes against traditional expectation but it might have been more satisfying to see lisa kill him in some way .  br    br   dreamworks apparently gave red eye an initial budget of            but reduced it to            although it  s still a very well made film with glossy production values . actually shot in los angeles  florida in california . the film was supposedly written with husband  wife sean penn  robin wright penn intended for the leads but eventually the makers opted for younger leads . as i have already said rachel mcadams is pure eye candy  is a total babe in this  worth watching the film for on her own . oh   she puts in a decent performance too .  br    br   red eye is a really fast paced taught tension filled little thriller that i enjoyed immensely  i didn  t think i would enjoy it as much as i did  i am glad i decided to watch it . this definitely gets a recommendation from me  rachel mcadams really is hot stuff in this . . .  
greetings again from the darkness . what a relief . . . a thriller that actually is thrilling  new  it  girl rachel mcadams   wedding crashers  and  the notebook   dominates screen time in this nice little classic suspense thriller from famed horror film director wes craven   scream  movies and  a nightmare on elm street   . craven even has a cameo as one of the passengers on the plane .  br    br   what makes this one work  is the realism of the first      minutes as we see mcadams interact with  or  people either in person or on the phone . she is a natural . when she meets cillian murphy  the scarecrow in  batman begins   in what appears to be happenstance  the film really takes flight . watching the two yuppie  types flirt while the audience knows something evil is brewing  is bewitching film  making  the plane boarding sequence is mesmerizing and the   plus minutes onboard is excruciatingly claustrophobic . craven keeps us guessing as to the involvement of others and if anyone will come to her rescue .  br    br   as with many thrillers  the only letdown occurs during the climax when the lamb turns into a superhero . an interesting plot device leads us to believe little rachel has the necessary pent up frustration to see this through  but we can  t help but cringe a bit . the most overdone scenes involve irate hotel guests  an annoying airline passenger  cillian  s injury and the fx at the hotel . the strength of the film is in the character development and psychological games between the leads . sadly the fine screen veteran brian cox is under  utilized  but overall this is an above  average suspense thriller worth seeing for all but the finale .  
red eye is not the kind of movie that  s going to win the palme d  or  but wes craven has never been that kind of director  anyway  and his branding is a good indication of what a film  goer can expect .  br    br   the fact that red eye is a tight little  undemanding package at   minutes is part of its charm and an indication of craven  s craft in producing lightweight  but generally enjoyable  box office fare . in fact  it  s the perfect kind of movie to show as inflight entertainment  attention  holding without putting any intellectual or emotional challenges on the viewer .  br    br   overall there is a cheesy feeling to the plot  vague terrorist subplot motivation and the supporting characters  and the main section has a tv movie feel . however  there are definite elements of hitchcockian suspense  and echoes of schumacher  s phone booth  which ultimately is a more sophisticated  and pretentious  play on the same idea of emotional crisis being played out suppressed in public .  br    br   for a film that focuses mainly on two people sitting in airline seats  it lives or dies on the characters and script . cillian  s icy but eloquent jackson rippner and rachel macadams resourceful lisa are the main reasons the film gets carried off . not only making the dialogue zing but also giving some sort of adam  s rib type dimension to their battle of  male logic  against feminine  sensitivity  .  br    br   in the final portion of the film craven indulges himself a little scream style as man  chases  girl  with  knife . the most surprising revelation here is what brian cox looks like after the  just for men  treatment  his ubiqutous appearance in films as diverse as super troopers  the ring and this making him the sexegenarian version of jude law .  br    br   short haul fun .  
i also just got back from an advanced screening of redeye and i must say i haven  t had so much fun at a movie in a long time . wes craven is at his best ever . he brings us an amazing end of summer thriller i was so desperately craving . this is the thriller of the year . . no doubt .  br    br   all the actors are amazing and the action is realistic and fun . the f  x were great . it steadily built suspense . i was on the edge of my seat most of the movie . it  s been a while since i heard an audience cheer and clap and get excited in a theater .  br    br   if your looking for thrills  action and a good plot this summer  redeye delivers . go see it   
on an overnight flight from los angeles to miami  lisa reisert  rachel mcadams  meets a charming man who turns out to be a hired killer who demands her help killing a businessman or else her own father will die .  br    br   red eye is a terrific thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats . the premise is similar to cellular and phone booth but red eye is better than both of those films . almost everything about red eye is above average including the suspense  the acting and the direction . most of the film does take place on a plane but that doesn  t slow down the movie . the film is very fast pace and exciting with no slow or boring spots . wes craven does a really good job behind the camera . instead of focusing on the thrills  he focuses on the story and the characters . the movie does have its share of suspenseful moments but that  s not what the film is really about . i also like the way wes craven focuses on the other passengers and the small details that become important later on . red eye really shows his skills at storytelling .  br    br   red eye also works well because of its young and talented cast . rachel mcadams gives a very engaging performance and her character is hard to hate . you may even end up cheering for her out loud . cillian murphy gives a very creepy and effective performance as the villain . the way he acts charming at first but then turns psycho is especially impressive . the supporting actors are also pretty good which include brain cox and jayma mays .  br    br   the movie is also very stylish and it has this overall creepy vibe to it . the setting works well since there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape . overall  the tone of the film is consistently creepy . the screenplay isn  t as strong as everything else though . there are a few unrealistic moments that may distract the viewer . most of them didn  t bother me but there were of few that left me shaking my head . also  the ending is disappointing . it isn  t a bad ending just a very simple one and a different approach would have been better . since the movie focuses on the characters  there is really no scream moments maybe just a few jumps . if you expect a horror movie then you will end up disappointed . in the end  red eye is an engaging thriller and it  s one of the best movies of the summer . rating      
beautifully filmed  well acted  tightly scripted suspense movie . had me on the edge of my seat . i liked the lead actress very much  and thought the villain was very well done . not much to chew on here in the way of a theme  but if you just get in your seat  turn your brain off  watch the fancy camera work  and enjoy the plot  you will have a great time . the plot is well worn  and regular movie goers will probably know more or less what to expect by about ten minutes in . but that didn  t bother me  as i enjoyed watching it unfold . in the old days  they might not have focused so tightly on just two characters  and there were some enticing moments when i hoped they were going to let some other people have a few lines . but these folks were probably right to keep the movie so tightly focused . the plot got me by the throat fairly early on  and never let go . it  s not a good idea to think too much either during or after the movie . as i  m not sure it makes a great deal of sense . just sit back and enjoy .  
scream was wes craven  s last decent thriller . since then there has been nothing but an unbearable streak of hollywood trash barely good enough for a blockbuster night  including the disappointment of the scream sequels . perhaps the genius and the craftsmanship devoted to the movie drained all the energy and creativity out of him  so that when it came time for supper  he had nothing to serve us but his own doo doo . finally  after who knows how many bad movies later  he gives us a delicious  ruthless  gripping  chilling suspense thriller with red eye .  br    br   rachel mcadams once again delivers an enjoyable performance as she plays a hotel manager who has the unfortunate connection with an important political figure and regular at her hotel . then she meets jackson ripner  cillian murphy  batman beyond  at the airport  who she gets to know a little better after a delayed flight and a bay breeze . what she doesn  t know is he already knows her . and he also knows her father  who she will never see again if she fails to cooperate and meet jackson  s demands  to use her connections to set up her hotel regular for assassination .  br    br   you  re probably thinking this is nothing but your everyday thriller complete with predictability and chase scenes . although this is a good old fashioned thriller  that  s the beauty of it . no special effects . no cheap make up . just classic suspense . you feel the desperation and regret with every decision mcadams is forced to make and you actually care for her as you cheer her on every move she makes to find an escape from her claustrophobic position .  br    br   as always she delivers an entertaining and convincing performance . it  s either her sweet face or her uncanny ability to sincerely cry  but you always seem to sympathize with her if her role demands it . cillian murphy on the other hand is naturally creepy looking  so even if the trailer didn  t reveal it  his ultimate transition from charming stranger to merciless jackass isn  t so surprising . perhaps it would have been more trippy to see a nice guy persona like toby maguire transforming into evil relentless madman . nevertheless  cillian murphy  after his true identity is established  played the role so solidly you  d really want him to die  or at least get his ass kicked .  br    br   don  t overlook this feature . there are plenty of chalkboard screeching moments and heart jumpers that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your watch like you would at craven  s recent pictures . if not for the you  do it for all the times you  ll see your girlfriend  or boyfriend  or someone with popcorn jump and cling on to you . wes finally gets it right . aside from his trademark mastery in suspense  red eye is not without its humor as mcadams  replacement cynthia at the front desk fumbles to keep the hotel in order . it was a relief that red eye wasn  t a disappointment . instead you  ll get the pleasure of seeing mcadams deliver another incredibly talented performance  murphy look creepier by the minute  and craven craft a classic traditional thriller . a flight that was delayed and would have been the beginning of craven  s renaissance had it arrived right after scream .  
i had fun watching red eye . it  s not a masterpiece  but it  s well directed and structured . cillian murphy and rachel mcadams are perfect in the role . yes  it  s the same old story with a different setting but wes craven gave it a good pace . at least not another scream with the usual college killer . it  s nice when you can see a clean  coherent thriller even when originality doesn  t stand out as its main character . particularly from a film  maker like craven that has brought so many innovative ideas to the thriller and horror genre in the past and that now just lends himself to bringing home what could have been a good tv movie had it not been released theatrically . good job   
i saw an advanced screening for this movie tonight . i absolutely loved it . the movie kept me on the edge of my seat all night . cillian murphy is extremely creepy as the villain . for those of you who have seen batman begins  his character was much scarier in this film . he played his character very well . the scariest  bad guy   i have seen in awhile . rachel mcadams was great . everyone in the audience laughed  gasped and cheered at the same time  as if we were on cue . the suspense is held through out the movie . the amazing part is that the end was not anti  climatic . i was not disappointed in the end . i felt satisfied . the trailer does not do the movie justice . the movie is much better than the trailer indicated . do not wait for this movie to come out on video . go see it . although  i did not have to pay to see this movie  i would have gladly given   .   to see it . enjoy   
this movie was released by roger corman  so you know that the filmmakers didn  t have much money to work with .  br    br   although  some viewers may miss the subtleties in this movie because of the very typical  obsessed killer  type marketing approach  there are unique differences about this movie .  br    br   amanda  as played by the obviously talented justine priestley  is a complex character . some people like these movies precisely because the violence can seem random  but here the ramifications of past abuse  dealt with in a realistic but tasteful manner  are what shape the psychosis of amanda . surprisingly  amanda redeems herself at the end with an act of love  where most of these movies turn into the typical  all out fight to the death and the evil character dies just as evil in the end as to begin with .  br    br   some rough edges in this picture  but i have to give it  out of   stars based on its thoughtfulness and yes  originality as compared to the usual   especially on a budget .  
what i liked best in this film is that like the films of hitchcock  it is a thriller that does not take itself too seriously .  br    br   hitchcock understood that people go the the movies to have a good time . something that hollywood seems to have forgotten in recent years . this is a thriller  but it has plenty of laughs and always has one eye winking at the camera .  br    br   rachel mcadams is wonderful as always . cillian murphy is creepier than he was in batman begins . in the old days  there were guys who always played the bad guy . we don  t see much of that these days because i suspect the hollywood agents consider it a bad career move  but cillian murphy is really good at being bad .  br    br   the directing is surprising stylish . the story is good but the dialog could have used some sprucing up .  br    br    red eye  is a really fun film and people were applauding when the closing credits started rolling . if you are in the mood for an enjoyable escapist thriller   red eye  might be your ticket .  
i just caught an episode about brad  the crack cocaine addict who turned to a drug addicted life on the streets after his bicycle racing career went to shambles as fast as it started . i have to say that the story about his biking career was more heart  breaking than his drug addiction . here  s this young guy who is winning bike races left and right and is invited to train with an olympic training team for two weeks  and immediately upon arriving he insults lance armstrong  one of the greatest athletes who ever lived  and is generally callous and unfriendly to everyone in general . understandably  he is soon asked to leave . most of the show is about his struggle with addiction and how he got his life back  but what i wanted to know was what was wrong with him in the first place to make his act like such an ass   br    br   at any rate  i was confused about how the show was put together  since it shows brad at the height of his addiction . we see footage of him pan  handling and sleeping in gutters and ditches and even smoking crack cocaine . i didn  t even know that was legal to show  but why would a camera crew just follow him around and film that  do they do that in hopes that this guy will turn his life around and give them some material for a good tv episode   br    br   at any rate  it is an enlightening show  because it shows the effects of various addictions and the total control that they can take over people  s lives . sometimes it  s hard to watch because you really see how badly the families and friends suffer in the face of the addict  s indifference  although i have to admit that at the end it all seems a little too clean  cut . there are times during the episodes when terrible things happen and everything seems lost  but still  and maybe i should warn about spoilers here  everything has a little too much of a happily  ever  after feel at the end  and i have a feeling that that is a very uncommon occurrence in real life . but still  it  s a show about people trying to help other people  and you can never complain too much about something like that  
  intervention  has helped me with my own addictions and recovery . i  m a middle  aged married father of two . i  m quite functional in my personal and professional life . still  i have pain from my past that i use addictions to soothe  and issues from which i am slowly recovering . when these addicts and their families share their lives with me  they help me to improve my life and my relationship with my family .  br    br   the show  unlike many others  digs into the past of the addict and reveals events that probably caused their addiction . many of us suffer because it  s too scary to go back and do  as alice miller says   the discovery and emotional acceptance of the truth in the individual and unique history of our childhood .  the show deserves a lot of credit for at least getting this process started . this digging is painful and difficult  but worth it . so much coverage of addiction   fictional and non  fictional   seems to ignore the underlying issues . often it  s assumed that the addict just one day started to shoot up or whatever for fun or pleasure or self  interest  and now they can  t stop . not so addictions are about killing pain . i can relate to the different events and hardships in people  s lives . there are common themes  and surprising exceptions . many addicts have suffered miserable abuse . some kids simply respond badly to divorce . to those who think that addiction is an over  reaction to a hardship  i would just say that different people respond differently . although some kids handle divorce well  others  like cristy in the show   collapse in a heap on the floor  and have their lives forever changed by the event .  br    br   for example  last night  s counselor said that pretty young andrea seeks validation from men . she strips for cash for a    year old neighbor and lets men abuse her . sound familiar to anyone  the series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motivations and make adjustments to our lives . often it  s those of us with smaller issues who suffer the longest . as they say  even a stopped watch is right twice a day  but a slow watch can go undetected for quite a while  until it  s made your life miserable .  br    br   to the producers thank you for making the show  for digging into the past  for the follow  ups . also  the graphics  the format  and the theme music are brilliant .  br    br   to the addicts thank you for your courage to share . whether or not you have helped yourself  you have helped me .  
i find i enjoy this show  but the format needs some work . first off  the good attributes . i like how this show will take us through the day  to  day life of an addict because the producers have a knack at getting the addict to show us how bad they  ve allowed their lives to become . this is followed by an intervention which is then followed by an outcome . intervention doesn  t candy  coat things and sometimes the outcome  often short term due to the constraints of time between filming and airing  is a negative outcome . this makes the positive outcomes all the better .  br    br   another thing i like about the show is the quality of the camera work . given the reality that these cameramen have to squeeze anywhere and don  t have the benefit of re shooting scenes the photography is surprisingly good and stable . it  s actually superior to scripted shows like  the shield  where the photography is so bad it can induce nausea .  br    br   now for the bad . an episode will sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed together during the show . you  ll get caught up in the story of one addict then suddenly you  re thrown into the story of another . get caught up in that story then suddenly you  re back to the first addict . . . or are you  by now you may have forgotten which case the individual currently on screen belong to . this constant flip  flopping between addicts really gets disruptive during the intervention scenes because the show will even mix together the two completely unrelated interventions  i once heard the marketing b . s . reason for this poor design  the show can get so intense that switching to another addict allows the viewer time to absorb what they  re watching .  oh please . clearly the reason this is done is because they have two cases that aren  t big enough for an hour show so they mix two together . by mixing them instead of giving each a half hour block  like they should  it forces the viewer to watch the entire thing  and the commercials  if they are interested in one case but not the other .  br    br   i used to find these  blender  episodes so annoying that i  d only tell my tivo to record episodes containing one addict  but then it became easier just to record all of them .  
this show is awesome  i have been a fan since it premiered  and it only keeps me watching . . . i  ve seen some terrible things here  that i wish i hadn  t  but  it really shows you how addiction affects all involved  not just the addict . you can see all kinds of different addictions  from drugs and alcohol to the shopping addict  or the eating disorder addict . and actually  it  s really sad to see some of the famous faces that have come through also . we  ve seen accomplished musicians  an nba player  and even young people  who really need the help . and since they have started showing a few follow  ups  that  s been awesome too . now  you can see how they are a long while after their ep aired . if you haven  t checked this one out  please do . it  s on ae  and it  s awesome  the new eps are sunday nights at   pm est  if i remember correctly . . . so set your tivo   
i was on france  around march    and i love to go to this film festivals . i knew about this cinmas d  amrique latine de toulouse  but i  ve never went to it . i decided to go and then i caught cero y van  .  br    br   the film is stunning . it doesn  t caused the impact on me like with the mexican users  because it was french  subtitled but it  s still shocking .  br    br   this film is a satire about urban violence  about kidnapping and crime on the streets in mexico . it is a crude portrait of the city . of a metropolis . secuestro express  with a stunning mia maestro  which was also a satire of kidnapping  almost  but with a more serious tone has  and i think so  some kinda connection with cero y van  . a  sort of  redemption story and that how much is too much  man on fire  that was stunningly strong  was also  not a satire  but a crude portrait into the streets of mexico . or it is like the brave one . a film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard . this is like the usual suspects  it has some plot twists and turns  but that makes it even more believable . verdict a film that shocks and makes you believe that there  s no security on the streets anymore . stunning dialogue  impressive direction and astonishing performances . cero y van  is a film that you won  t forget soon . leaves you shaking and stunned .  
this movie  even though is about one of the most favorite topics of mexican producers producers the extreme life in our cities  has a funny way to put it on the screen .  br    br   four of the more important mexican directors  of the last times  approach histories of our city framed in diverse literary sorts as it can be the farce or the satire  which gives us a film with a over exposed topic in our country  but narrated in a very different way which gives a freshness tone him .  br    br   with actors little known  but that interprets of excellent way their paper  each one of the directors reflect in the stories the capacity by we have been identified anywhere in the world  that capacity of laugh the pains and to make celebration of the sadness . perhaps to many people in our country the film not have pleased  but i consider that people of other countries could find attractive and share the surrealism of the mexican .  
i can give you four reasons to see this movie  br    br    . four of the best filmmakers in the contemporary mexican cinema .  br    br    . four good stories  related into a big scheme .  br    br    . a surprisingly good cast .  br    br    . a bitter reflexion about the biggest trouble in this country  and many others  .  br    br    possible spoilers   br    br   alejandro gamboa opens this movie with a good story in a comedic mood about the authority practicing the extortion against regular people and still expecting to be appreciated by its efforts .  br    br   then antonio serrano gets more dramatic in the second piece with a story heir to the italian neorealism with a  peter and the wolf   like anecdote .  br    br   in the third story  the one that seems more independent from this series even in the context  carlos carrera tells us the story of a man being at the wrong place in the wrong moment . but after the recent lynching at tlahuac and the tradition in this awful matter at the state of mexico  this story couldn  t be more updated .  br    br   and at the end  fernando sariana returns to the dark humor in the  grand finale  in which he puts together the most of the characters from the past sequences in one of the better comedy pieces ever filmed . reprising the center scene from one of his previous films  todo el poder   sariana gives the final lesson of the theme . and by the way  give us the scene that steals the movie with anna ciochetti making a brief striptease .  br    br   once the movie has ended  you get a bittersweet feeling about having looked at a good movie  and maybe enjoyed it  with a very painful subject . they say that in mexico people laugh at their own disgrace and this is the best example . this film is a testimony of how mexicans have learn to live in the middle of a crime state  and perhaps accepted it   between two fires the criminals and the so  called authorities full of corruption . even this movie is a wishful thinking because almost all the good people have been a victim of crime and they don  t get this unhurt . if you had an assault without a scratch then you  re lucky . meanwhile  don  t lose the chance to see this movie  highly recommended .  br    br   and it  s a beautiful life in mexico . . .  
there are people claiming this is another  bad language  ultra violence mexican movie . they are right  but more than that this film is a call to create awareness of what we have become . the awful truth hurts  or bores when you already have accepted the paradigm of living the third world as the only possible goal . one of the most important things of  cero y van cuatro  is the open invitation to profound reflexion over our current identity . is that what we all are  is that all that we want to be  i am abroad and i realized how spoiled is the mexican society when the tlahuac incident came to light . i still cannot understand viewers witnessing a mass broadcasted murder . i nearly puked when i saw some of the images . it was not irak or rwanda  just a tiny village near mexico city when rampage was carried out with the indulgence of media and government . the recreation of a similar situation in this film shocked me deeply . the other stories were good portraying other situations of corruption  dishonesty  betrayal and violence  but i consider  tamales de chivo  the best one .  br    br   the movie is deeper than some  cabrn  and  pendejo  screams . those are meaningless compared with the actions of the people . with a few exceptions they are all perfect examples of human rubbish . just like in real life honesty is becoming more the exception than the rule in our country . moreover  honesty is only rewarded miraculously .  
what an absolutely stunning movie  if you have  .  hrs to kill  watch it  you won  t regret it  it  s too much fun  rajnikanth carries the movie on his shoulders and although there isn  t anything more other than him  i still liked it . the music by a . r . rehman takes time to grow on you but after you heard it a few times  you really start liking it .  
i saw this movie when it first came out . it was an official selection for the temecula valley international film festival and i voted for it for best picture .  br    br   justine priestley is hot as the psychotic  but complex amanda . this is not your ordinary psycho movie . lots of interesting and original slants on the genre . sort of a  fatal attraction  for the younger set with some great blues music mixed in as the object of amanda  s affection is married to an up and coming blues singer who has less time for her husband as her career takes off .  br    br    
a most awaited film of the year     . after three and half years of hibernation  rajini has acted in this movie . the hype for this film was toooooo high . .  br    br   this is not a typical rajini film  in this film he gives some spiritual messages also . but it also includes typical rajini actions  style  songs etc . its a good entertaining movie and gives good messages also .  br    br   i will rate this movie as good instead of excellent because of the screenplay . its a must watch movie . dont miss it   
when friendship kills  in my opinion  is a very touching and kind of heartbreaking drama about the consequences of being anorexic or bulimic . anytime lexi  katie wright  or jennifer  marley shelton  threw up  i wanted to vomit myself . it  s kind of hard to explain why . if you ask me  they should have been more cooperative about things . however  i did enjoy seeing them do things together as well as get lectured by their parents . before i wrap this up  i  d like to say   if you ask me  when friendship kills does indeed show you how being anorexic or bulimic can affect a person  s body .  now  in conclusion  i recommend this movie to everyone who hasn  t seen it . you  re in for some tears and a good time  so the next time it  s on tv  kick back with a friend and watch it .  
i came across this film by accident when listing all the films i wanted my sister to record for me whilst i was on holiday and i am so glad that i included this one . it deals with issues that most directors shy away from  my only problem with this film is that it was made for tv so i couldn  t buy a copy for my friend   br    br   it  s a touching story about how people with eating disorders don  t necessarily shy away from everyone and how many actually have dieting buddies . it brought to my attention that although bulimics can maintain a fairly stable weight  it has more serious consequences on their health that many people are ignorant of .  
lexi befriends jennifer  a thin  intelligent girl at her new school . lexi  s parents have just split up . soon  jen tells lexi of her eating disorder  and the two begin dieting and exercising together . they both are in the school  s volley ball team . lexi  s mum becomes aware of her daughter  s illness  as she is losing lots of weight . lexi is admitted to hospital . she is diagnosed with anorexia nervosa  and is made to gain weight . her father visits her in hospital  and orders a feeding tube . she is better and is allowed out of hospital and she tells her mum that jen has bulimia . this leads to the two falling out  as lexi  s mum tells jen  s mum her suspicions .  br    br   at a party jen is hit by a car  and because her heart is weak it kills her . lexi  s condition worsens  as she blames herself for her best friend  s death . . .  
i agree with the above comment  i love the realism in this  and in many movies  not just movies on eating disorders  the producers seem to forget that . they take an every day problem and create a hugely dramatic scene and then come the end of the movie everything is perfect again  which i dislike because its not reality . not meaning to say things can  t get better  and not meaning to say things don  t in this movie  but it doesn  t spend most of the movie creating all these problems  and come the end of the movie everything is perfect again . when people have eating disorders people don  t just admit it and want to get better  and then life is peachy  it takes time  and i like how in this movie we grow with the characters  we go through the difficulties with them  getting better and worse  because it is a very important part of the movie . it gets into the minds of people with eating disorders  and shows the complications and pain  in a very realistic way  and i loved that . i also love how it shows the secrecy and betrayal people feel when suffering from eating disorders  it is scary to see how people react when they find out  especially if they approve of it . i thought this movie was very touching and beautiful and well told  and defiantly one of my favourites .  
there are way too many subjects avoided in cinema and eating disorders is one of them . this film shows it as it is . it is not glamourised for the viewers to enjoy  it is shown with real truth which makes it all the more powerful . i  ve only seen it once and that was a few years ago but i can still remember everything about it and how it made me feel . it is a very powerful film and is good support for anyone suffering from a eating disorder to give them the willpower to stop . this is what films should be about  they should be there to help people and not glamourise things that are wrong .  
i have seen a couple movies on eating disorders but this one was definitely my favorite one . the problem with the other ones was that the people with the eating disorders towards the end just automatically get better or accept the fact that they need help and thats it . this movie i thought was more realistic cause in this one the main character lexi doesn  t automatically just get better . she gets better and then has a drawback . i think this movie shows more than the others that i  ve seen that getting better doesn  t just happen  it  s hard work and takes time  it  s a long path to recovery . i think this movie shows all of that very well . there should be more movies like this .  
the surprise nominee of this year  s best animated feature race at the oscars . it  s an irish film by heart  but it was co  produced by belgium and brazil  with  i  m guessing  animators working in all three countries . the product is one of the most beautiful and unique films in recent memory . the character design is a little reminiscent of the french animated film persepolis from a couple of years back  with very simple characters with thick  black outlines . this film is not in black and white . oh no . what makes this film great is its use of color  simply some of the most outrageous and startling use of colors i  ve ever seen . the general design of the pictures is also a lot more geometrical  with characters who are basically rectangles or ovals . much of the film can be spent playing find the circle  a major aspect of the visual design is a circle in the center of the image . all of these geometrical designs have a purpose  the story is about a young boy who is learning to be an artist working on illuminated manuscripts  the book of kells is a real illuminated bible the art of the film is based on the drawings in it  . the story of the film isn  t especially deep  but it  s a pretty good fantasy tale . brendan is a young boy in kells  a city surrounded by enormous walls  built by his uncle to keep out vikings . a newcomer to kells  brother aiden  inspires brendan to take up illustrating . he also inspires him to do things like leave kells and explore the nearby forest  within which lives a nymph . bruno coulais provides a fantastic score  almost as good as the one he did for coraline  which i consider the very best of the year .  
first animated feature film from ireland is also one of the best animated films i  ve ever seen . its a real warts and all story that is unlike any of the other oscar nominees and any other film from this year or any other year .  br    br   the plot of the film has the abbot of kells  a village in ireland building a wall around his town to prevent the vikings from destroying the town should they ever attack . his nephew brendon  is a young monk who does the best he can but meets the ire of his uncle by doing things in his own time . when a legendary illuminator aidan arrives from a destroyed monastery  brendon drifts towards him and his warm personality . much to his uncle  s chagrin aiden offers to teach brendon how to illuminate . in order to help aidan work on his great book  saved from his destroyed monastery  brendan goes out into the forest to get material to make ink . while outside the walls he meets ashley  a forest spirit with whom he develops a friendship . unfortunately the abbot finds out that he went outside the wall and there is hell to pay . but lurking in the distance are the vikings . . .  br    br   forget what you think you know about this film you  re wrong . even what i  ve explained doesn  t do this film justice . its a simple story with so much more going on . this is a wonderful movie about trying to find your way in the world  over coming demons and finding the beauty of the world outside of the walls .  as the film says the world is a dangerous place and doesn  t cease to be even if you build walls  .  br    br   its a film that treats its audience as adults and deals with all of life including the darkness . there is death and destruction and joy and happiness . its not sugar coated . people die . monsters lurk .  it freaked out some of the kids   but in the end there is hope . frankly the darkness in this film is completely unlike anything in any recent american film . forget the  sadness  in a pixar film  this is the real thing  and its refreshing and it shows how homogenized even pixar has become .  br    br   its a genndy tartakovsky  esquire  samurai jack  animated film who  s look is actually based upon the the celtic art of the period . its a film that looks unlike any other . here again is another film that takes the movie frame and uses it in every way possible . the images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible . often the film manipulated things to make it look like a page in the legendary book of kells . its stunningly beautiful and best described as art come to life .  br    br   director tomm moore has fashioned a film that is a masterpiece . i can  t say more than that . its a masterpiece . its one of the best animated films i  ve ever run across .  
this animated feature  a co  production between ireland  belgium and france  deals with what is surely one of the oddest subject ever for a movie the creation in the  th century of a famous illuminated manuscript  the book of kells . in this fantastic retelling of that story  a prepubescent boy named brendan  living in a monastery ruled by his uncle  a stern abbot who is worried preparing the defenses of the abbey from the impending attack by the feared vikings  must get into the forbidding surrounding forest to find the materials that a master illuminator named aidan needs to finish the book . to do that task  in the forest he unexpectedly finds the help of a friendly fairy named aisling . gorgeously and delicately drawn by hand  there is some computer animation in a few key passages  in a manner that wants to resemble both medieval and traditional celtic art  and with a very creative use of color and all sorts of geometric shapes  this film is relentlessly strange  but is a good strange  not of the off putting variety but of the eye opening sort . if one were to nitpick  beyond some anachronisms  like an african monk in  th century ireland  one would have to say that the blend of catholic mysticism with celtic paganism in this movie never really coalesce . and the comic relief is sometimes a bit too broad . that  s why i cannot give them the highest ranking . but these are minor problems with an otherwise delightful and superbly imaginative film .  
as one other imdb reviewer has remarked  this movie starts a bit slow  but gets considerably better as it goes along . yes  it is released by roger corman  and yes  it goes over some of the same thematic ground as much higher budget predecessors such as fatal attraction and poison ivy . however  the juxtapositioning of the wife  s career as a rising blues singer against the husband  s gathering loneliness and his almost freudian need for filling the emotional and physical  void  or  hole  while she  s away along with the clever use of minimal effects and settings is nicely done . utilizing a very small number of locations and characters  and also using water in almost every scene both as a cleansing and drowning metaphorical symbol throughout  this movie  though clearly suffering from a minuscule budget  reminds me in many ways of the more fully realized and more recent scenario  namely the french film  swimming pool  which it seems to me at least may have borrowed liberally some useful ideas from  up against amanda .  with a smaller tool set  up against amanda maintains its suspense with a rudimentary  fatalistic view of surrendering to ones occasional lustful temptations  but accomplishes this as well or better as other films in this genre . the twist of the stepfather abuse of amanda in the past  again  very freudian  is also very unique in this genre and interesting . i agree with other viewers about the unexpected and sympathetic reaction for amanda  s plight this aspect of the story elicits . the cast is excellent i think .  br    br    
a beautiful piece of children  s cinema buried in a world of archaic celticism . setting the story around the famous book of kels  believed to have been comprised by monks from the small island of iona  off the western coast of scotland .  br    br   telling the tale of a young abbots apprentice who goes off into the forest in search of crom  cruic  the fierce headless horseman of pagan mythology . in hopes of recovering a lost artefact .  br    br   the films true beauty lies in its  animation . cell shaded in a bright and inspirational style of deep complexity resulting in a look of seem less simplicity . deriving much from the artistic style of the brilliant cartoon network series  samurai jack  for its genius use of mark making and background depth  the secret of kels creates a consistently affective celtic world living under the shadow of viking invasion .  br    br   the history may be intensely inaccurate and the ways of life portrayed lacking realism but these facts are utterly irrelevant as the film sets itself in a world of fantasy and celtic  revivalist mysticism . the girl of the forest is a wonderful addition and in my opinion makes the picture what it is  as she glides from branch to branch . appearing and disappearing like a mysterious nymph with qualities resembling the legendary cheshire cat from alice and wonderland .  br    br   the secret of kels is an absolute treat . for all genders  all ages  it  s a lovely piece of family cinema .  br    br   don  t expect to be awed but instead pleasantly impressed   
while watching this movie i was frustrated and distracted and by the end  i wanted to give the movie a solid  or  . i thought the animation was random and all over the place and there was too much going on . even my a . d . d couldn  t keep up . it felt like a slight acid trip . everything looked flat  there was no dimension to anything . there were so many shapes  lines and patterns . i really wanted to stop the movie mid  way and smash my burned copy of this movie . but after i finish watching it  i went online to read up on the movie and i should have done a little research into this movie before watching .  br    br   the secret of kells is loosely based on the true story about the original book of kells . a small boy  brendan  is given the task of penning new pages in what is set to be the greatest book ever written . this book will contain information that will help  change darkness into light .  brendan lives in the village of kells behind huge stone walls . taking place in the  th century  brendan  s uncle  the abbot of kells  is trying to build the wall to keep the vikings out . brendan  s uncle insist he help complete the wall  but a traveler and keeper of  the book  secretly trains brendan to hone in on his illustration skills  and convinces him to complete  the book  and carry out it  s word .  br    br   the entire time i watched the movie i thought i was missing something because i didn  t really understand what was going on . i figured i was just missing a piece of irish history . a simple google search taught me all i needed to know about the original book of kells . after reading many articles  my opinion of the movie greatly changed .  br    br   the book of kells is a copied version of the first few books of the new testament transcribed into latin by gaelic monks in ireland in the  th century . along with it  s paleographic and insular script  the book is also beautifully illustrated in insular art  a type of early art form know for it  s intricacy  complexity  and miniature illustrations . much of the art in the book of kells is depicted as lots of art was at the time  flat and dimensionality challenged with no perspective . but what makes the book of kells stand out from other early pieces of art is it  s use of many colors .  br    br   the secret of kells is very colorful . i originally thought the animation was flat and boring . it reminded me a lot of the cartoon samurai jack which also had a flat and  amine  look to it . once i learned about the art styles of the book of kells  it  s obvious that many of the styles from the book are mimicked in the movie . there are lines and swirls and various shapes that inhabit brendan  s mind . whenever he goes into his imagination  circular shapes resembling the sun  cogs  clocks and wheels begin filling the screen . the edges of the screen become framed in decorated moving triangles or circles . transitions are filled with color  and celtic knots . from the trees to the floors  many things in this world are covered in shapes or patterns .  br    br   clocking in at   minutes minus credits  the secret of kells is a fun little history lesson with a little adventure and silliness thrown in to keep people  maybe just children  interested . i think one has to generally be open  mined to the secret of kells as half art piece  half movie about history . despite looking like it was animated with adobe illustrator  it  s a very nice looking movie . but based on the   films submitted for oscar consideration  i don  t think it was worth being nominated over mary and max .  br    br   thatwasjunk . blogspot . com  
the secret of kells is one of the most unique  beautiful  and eye  popping animated films i have ever seen . before watching this film  i was convinced that nothing could give up a run for its money and that it was a shoo  in to win in this category  but i found in kells a serious contender .  br    br   the secret of kells tell the story of a young orphan named brendan  who lives with his uncle  the abbot of kell . the abbot is a loving guardian  but perhaps a bit too strict and much more concerned with fortifying the wall around the town from a coming attack by vikings than he is at nurturing the boy  s imagination . when the legendary brother aidan  who looks surprisingly like willie nelson  shows up and takes the boy under his wing  brendan goes on a journey into the woods and meets a lovely forest nymph named aisling who takes a liking to him  and saves his life more than once  . with aisling  s help  he attempts to save the town and help brother aidan complete the mystical book whichlegend has itcan turn dark into light .  br    br   see my full review of the secret of kells at http   theoscarsblog . blogspot . com          movie  review  secret  of  kells . html  
the secret of kells is an independent  animated feature that gives us one of the fabled stories surrounding the book of kells  an illuminated manuscript from the middle ages featuring the four gospels of the new testament . i didn  t know that this book actually exists  but knowing it now makes my interpretation and analysis much a lot easier . there are a few stories and ideas floating around about how the book came to be  who wrote it  and how it has survived over      years . this is one of them .  br    br   we are introduced to brendan  an orphan who lives at the abbey of kells in ireland with his uncle  abbot cellach  voiced by brendan gleeson  . abbot cellach is constructing a massive wall around the abbey to protect the villagers and monks . brendan is not fond of the wall and neither are the other monks . they are more focused on reading and writing  something abbot cellach does not have time for anymore . he fears the  northmen   those who plunder and leave towns and villages empty and burnt to the ground .  br    br   one day a traveler comes from the island of iona near scotland . it is brother aidan  a very wise man who carries with him a special book that is not yet finished . abbot cellach grants him permission to stay and brendan buddies up with him . aidan has special plans for brendan . first he needs ink for the book  but he requires specific berries . the only way to get them is to venture outside the walls and into the forest  an area off limits to brendan . seeing that he is the only chance for aidan to continue his work  he decides to sneak out and return with the berries before his uncle notices his absence .  br    br   in the forest brendan meets ashley  the protector of the forest . she allows brendan passage to the berries and along the way becomes akin to his company . she warns him of the looming danger in the dark and not to foil with it . there are things worse than vikings out there . from there brendan is met with more challenges with the book and the looming certainty of invasion .  br    br   i like the story a lot more now that i know what it is about . knowing now what the book of kells is and what it contains  the animation makes perfect sense . i  m sure you have seen pictures or copies of old texts from hundreds of years ago  with frilly borders  colorful pictures  and extravagant patterns  creatures  and writings adorning the pages . much like the opening frames of disney  s the sword in the stone . the animation here contains a lot of similar designs and patterns . it creates a very unique viewing experience where the story and the animation almost try to outdo each other .  br    br   i couldn  t take my eyes off of the incredible detail . this is some of the finest  d animation i have seen in years . it  s vibrant  stimulating  and full of life . the characters are constantly surrounded by designs  doodles  and patterns in trees  on the walls  and in the air just floating around . it enhances the film .  br    br   the story is satisfactory  although i think the ending could have been strung out a little more . with a runtime of only   minutes i think there could have been something special in the final act . it doesn  t give a lot of information nor does it allude to the significance of the book . we are reminded of it  s importance but never fully understand . we are told that it gives hope  but never why or how . that was really the only lacking portion of the film . otherwise i thought the story was interesting though completely outdone by the animation .  br    br   i guess that  s okay to a certain degree . the animation can carry a film so far before it falls short . the story lacks a few parts  but it is an interesting take on a fascinating piece of history . i would recommend looking up briefly the book of kells just to get an idea of what myself and this film are talking about . i think it will help your viewing experience a lot more . this a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should definitely not be missed .  
the secret of kells is an astonishing first animated feature which will dazzle your eye and move your heart . the shortcomings of the film  s limited budget and sometimes limited animation are more than compensated for by the visual poetry of the story of young brendan  s heroic quest to become a master illuminator during the dark ages . historically this was in the late  th century  when the centers of irish learning were over  run by the vikings . the vikings appear here as brute antagonists  the equivalent on the north seas of the plundering huns and mongols further east . the film  s narrative    which functions more as a parable    centers around the conflict between brendan  who seeks to create beauty in his illuminations during a time of encroaching darkness  and his stern uncle the abbot   who seeks to protect the town of kells and his nephew with a looming wall as barrier against the norsemen . the abbot disregards the value of brendan  s art in his quest for security . this is the movie  s outer conflict . brendan  s inner conflict is to find the hidden eye of creative illumination which will allow him to complete the most difficult painting in the book of kells . this eye is guarded by a dragon ouroboros  who destroys from within those not suited to this quest as surely as the vikings will kill from without  that  s as much of the story as i  ll divulge    br    br   what i really like about this film is its creators  imaginative understanding of some of the greatest art work to survive in the west from     years ago . the characters are stylized in flat abstract shapes defined by line just as in the original book of kells .  particularly noteworthy is monk aidan  s pet cat  defined in few lines  yet purely    and even magically metamorphically feline .  the range of emotion which brendan and the other animated characters convey given their economy of abstract design is a tribute to the excellent artistry of the director and his animators . the decorative borders on the edge of the picture change to complement the dramatic impact of a given scene  and this characteristic of illuminations from the dark ages is brought to wondrous animated life in the secret of kells . of course  historical dramas usually tell us more about our own times than the times which these dramas endeavor to depict . however  by introducing archetypal elements into this story  the writers and director of the secret of kells convey a numinous sense of lived  life from that far  off time in ireland which feels psychologically true  however much the script might stray from pedantic historical fact .  the united nations  band of illuminators who appear as a rogues  club of artists in the secret of kells aren  t historically probable  but they  re all well  designed  individuated characters who do much to convey the universal appeal of this quintessentially irish story .  animation has always seemed the best vehicle to me to better help us understand the visual art of different times and cultures . the magnificent art direction of this movie clearly derives from its historical visual source  but has also been cleverly adapted to the demands of animated storytelling if animation had existed in the dark ages  the secret of kells is what it would look like  finally  brendan  s hero  s quest in this film is the artist  s perennial quest to convey the spirit of beauty  life and inspiration .  without being preachy or even particularly christian  this movie affirms jesus  dictum that  man does not live by bread alone .   in my estimation the most inspired movie about the creative process of visual artists is andrei tarkovsky  s andrei rublev  a film about the great russian icon painter of the   th century . the secret of kells expresses much the same sense of mystery and exhilaration about the artist  s visual quest and creative process . it  s certainly not as profound as andrei rublev  but    heck    its a cartoon   and one which will appeal to young and old alike .  i think this movie will hold up well to repeated viewing in its own modest life  affirming way  this stylized secret of kells is a classic .  
i would not have known about this film if not for its  surprise  oscar nomination for best animated feature film . thankfully  it came to pass that i was able to watch this animated little treasure .  br    br   the story is about the child brendan who was the nephew of the imposing and overprotective abbot of the township of kells . the main pre  occupation of the abbot is to build a wall to protect kells from the attacking vikings . one day  aiden  the renowned illustrator from iona  sought refuge with them . aiden opens brendan  s eyes to the art of illustration and the lure of the outside world . along the way  brendan befriended the white forest sprite aisling  as he sought to recover an ancient crystal invaluable to the meticulous art of book illustration .  br    br    the secret of kells  is unlike most of the animation released these days . it is a throwback of sorts as the illustrations are done in stark geometric lines and design without much care for realism  as much as symbolism . the movements of these lines are reminiscent of the simplistic yet fluid animation style used at the beginning sequence of  kung fu panda .  however  it is the magnificent use of color that is the main source of wonderment for the audience . the reds used in the viking invasion sequence is unforgettably haunting .  br    br   try to catch this quiet gem of a film . it is a welcome respite from all the senseless bombast of current animated fare such as  monsters vs . aliens  and the like . the sparse celtic musical score is effective in evoking the sense of fantasy that imbues the film . ok  the story might be a little shallow and the ending a bit wanting . i would have liked to know more about the book that brendan and aiden was working on . but the clear star of this film is clearly its amazing stylized artwork  said to be based on the artwork in the real book of kells .  
the secret of kells may be the most exquisite film i have seen since the triplets of belleville . although stylistically very different  kells shares with triplets and  the jaw  dropping opening  d sequence of  kung fu panda  incredible art direction  production design  background  layout and a richness in color that is a feast for one  s senses . kells is so lavish   almost gothic in its layout  somewhat reminiscent of klimt   wonderfully flat in general overall perspective  ornate in its celtic  illuminated design  yet the characters are so simplistic and appealing   and it all works together beautifully . you fall in love with the characters from the moment you meet them . you are so drawn to every detail of the story and to every stroke of the pencil  brush . what tomm  nora  ross  paul and all at cartoon saloon   their extended crews  have achieved with this small budget  very small crewed film  is absolutely astounding . the groundswell of support amongst our animation community is phenomenal . this film is breathtaking and the buzz amongst our colleagues in recommending this film is spreading like wildfire . congratulations to kells on its many accolades  its annie nomination as well as its current oscar qualifying run . they are all very well  deserved nods  indeed . . .  
the secret of kells is a film i  ve been waiting for for years after seeing some early footage at the cartoon saloon in kilkenny . i  m here to tell you now it  s been worth the wait . the cartoons are heavily stylised but not annoyingly so as i  d feared . the whole film is a thing of beauty and great imagination  i particularly love the animated illuminated book where the little figures come to life on the page . the characterisation is superb  i love brendan gleeson  s voice as the stern abbot and i especially liked the voice of the sprite aisling . the forest is a triumph  such a beautiful place . the story is well realised  a mix of fact and fantasy . and really draws the viewer in to cheer on brendan in his quest for the perfect materials for the book . i  m a lover of calligraphy and illumination anyway so the subject is close to my heart  but all the people i know who  ve seen this and are not fans of the craft agree that it  s a lovely little film . i will definitely buy the dvd when it  s released  and would like to say  well done cartoon saloon and all the people involved in this mammoth project . may there be many more .   coming back in here to say that i bought several copies of the dvd as soon as i could and gave them out at christmas  everyone loves it  and i wish them all the luck in the world at the oscars  such a joy to see this nominated .  
by      and after a string of solid wwii propaganda pieces  errol flynn  s hold over u . s . box office had started to decline so  in spite of the increased burden of waning looks  he embarked on a series of films pertaining to that genre which had earlier made his name the swashbuckler . the first of these was a good one actually  adventures of don juan        but it also proved to be his last big  budget hollywood starring vehicle . the rest of his sword  wielding days were spent wandering all over europe in england for kim        the master of ballantrae       and the dark avenger        in france for adventures of captain fabian       and italy for the aborted the story of william tell       and the little  seen crossed swords       . however  hollywood did beckon him one last time to his old seafaring ways  albeit for a modestly  budgeted universal picture rather than a warner brothers a  production to which he had been accustomed when at his peak  br    br   still  the glorious technicolor cinematography leaps off the screen here and  while an older and flabbier flynn may look like the pale shadow of his former self  his red  headed leading lady maureen o  hara has a field day as a tomboyish buccaneer leader who deep down craves romance and wants to be treated like a lady . anthony quinn was still a few years away from his larger  than  life starring vehicles  so here he is typically seen as the baddie  the pirate captain roc brasiliano  a role he attacks with gusto . like the black shield of falworth        a viewing of which preceded this one  against all flags takes me back to my cherished childhood days of constant tv viewing when vintage hollywood movies were the order of the day on both the local and neighboring italian channels .  br    br   for all i know  this might well have been the very first pirate movie i  ve ever seen and i cringe at the thought of today  s generation of youngsters supposedly believing that the grossly overblown pirates of the caribbean trilogy is what buccaneering is all about  as i said earlier  against all flags might not be the finest pirate yarn ever brought to the screen but it  s a solid example of this prolific genre all the same . nowadays  the amorous persistence of the child  like indian princess  alice kelley  towards her pirate captor flynn may strike one as being awfully silly but the rest of it  despite clearly not scaling the heights of the sea hawk       and the black swan        to mention the finest seafaring ventures of its respective stars  is briskly paced and reasonably engaging . incidentally  the film would later go on to be remade as the king  s pirate       with doug mcclure   br    br   for what it  s worth  the unprecedented box office success of that unappetizing modern franchise is most probably what induced reluctant movie studios to dust off their catalogue swashbuckling titles and release them on dvd and  as a matter of fact  against all flags itself was the one gem in a poorly  thought out pirates of the golden age movie collection set from universal which also consisted of obscure dross like buccaneer  s girl       with yvonne de carlo   doule crossbones       with donald o  connor  and yankee buccaneer       with jeff chandler   value for money  perhaps but  so far  i have only acquired the errol flynn flick from other sources even so  if the mood strikes me in future  i might wish to lay my hands on similar marine adventures like edward dmytyk  s mutiny        the afore  mentioned yankee buccaneer and pirates of tortuga       .  
being the prototype of the classical errol flynn adventure movie and having a good story as well as two more brilliant co  stars in maureen o  hara  what an exquisite beauty   and anthony quinn  i can only recommend this movie to all those having even the slightest liking for romance and adventure .  br    br   hollywood at its best   
icy and lethal ace hit  man tony arzenta  a divinely smooth and commanding performance by alain delon  wants to quit the assassination business  but the dangerous mobsters he works for won  t let him . after his wife and child are killed  arzenta declares open season on everyone responsible for their deaths . director duccio tessari relates the absorbing story at a constant snappy pace  maintains a properly serious and no  nonsense tone throughout  stages the stirring shoot  outs and exciting car chases with considerable rip  snorting brio  and punctuates the narrative with jolting outbursts of explosive bloody violence . delon  s suave and charismatic presence adds extra class to the already engrossing proceedings . this film further benefits from sterling acting by a bang  up cast  with praiseworthy contributions by richard conte as wise mafia kingpin nick gusto  carla gravini as arzenta  s supportive lady friend sandra  marc porel as arzenta  s loyal pal domenico maggio  anton diffring as ruthless  calculating capo grunwald  and lino troisi as the venomous gangster rocco cutitta . silvano ippoliti  s glossy cinematography boasts several graceful pans . gianni ferrio  s funky score hits the get  down groovy spot . erika blanc and rosalba neri pop up briefly in nifty bit parts . better still  there  s no filler to speak of and we even get a decent dab of tasty gratuitous female nudity . the startling conclusion packs a mean and lingering wallop right to the gut . a solid and satisfying winner .  
a featherweight plot and dubious characterizations don  t make any difference when a movie is as fun to watch as this one is . lively action and spectacular stunts  for their day  give this movie some real zip . and there  s some actual comedy from the ripping chemistry between the two leads . quinn makes a good villain also  although his role is completely overshadowed .  br    br   but don  t be fooled by maureen o  hara  s tough broad role  this is as sexist as any hollywood movie of this era . you might be able to forgive that because of the time in which it was made  but it  s still hard to get past . for all the heroism and gruesomely adult off  screen situations  this is still little more than an adolescent good time .  
  against all flags  is every bit the classic swashbuckler . it has all the elements the adventure fan could hope for and more for in this one  the damsel in distress is  well  not really in distress . as spitfire stevens  maureen o  hara is at her athletic best  running her foes through in defiance of the social norms of the period . anthony quinn rounds out the top three billed actors as the ruthless captain roc brasiliano and proves to be a wily and capable nemesis for brian hawke  flynn  . for the classic adventure fan   against all flags  is a must  see . while it may not be in quite the same league as some of errol flynn  s earlier work  captain blood and the sea hawk  for instance   it is still a greatly entertaining romp .  
excellent pirate entertainment  it has all the good ingredients to keep one  s attention   an absorbing tale of intrigue  a fiery lady pirate named spitfire stevens  maureen o  hara  who  s attracted to the irresistible mr . hawke  errol flynn  who is out on a secret mission of his own . they make a fine romantic pair onscreen   sigh   br    br   anthony quinn is the mean  bad pirate weaving his villainous web of divide and conquer . i noticed the very familiar face of mildred natwick playing a supporting role as mrs . macgregor  the protector of young princess patma  alice kelley  .  br    br   there is beautifully filmed scenery of shorelines  ships  and the bay . lots of action too of sword fighting clashes  ship battles  daring leaps of errol flynn  robin hood on board ship   . from the flaming redhead herself i once heard in an interview of maureen o  hara that she boasted great command of the bullwhip and could also outdo flynn in sword fighting in those days but there  d be no need to put it to the test here .  br    br   very enjoyable movie .  
having seen charley boorman in long way round with ewan mcgregor  i was very interested to see how charley would be in his own show . i thought charley came across as a lovely guy who is very grounded and down to earth . its nice to see that celebrities struggle with their weight and fitness  it just show  s their human too  i don  t know a lot about bikes  but this show gripped me right from the start . the preparation and organising for this event seems immense . the event itself seems very dangerous and i  m fascinated to see why charley and everyone else is doing it and how far he gets . i love the pace of the show and the fast upbeat music . i can  t believe he broke his collar bone  i really hope its not the end  i cant wait to see the next episode . . .  
the planning episodes were a bit dull  but when they reached the desert it was quite fun to watch . the reason why i call it the most realistic reality show is because  much to my surprise  charley fell out of the race relatively early . when his hands were sore  i expected the usual stress and then a miracle fix  but instead he actually quit the race . the most anxious moment of the show must  ve been when max was stuck out in the desert with almost no water or food  the ending was great and i was very happy to see at least one of the team make it . overall  not as great as the long way round  but definitely an interesting watch  as one gets a peek into the most challenging race in the world .  
i always follow the dakar  so when my husband bought charlie  s  race to dakar  dvd home i couldn  t wait to watch it  of course we  d seen the broadcast of the race when the actual race was on  but that never gives the background and specific teams .  br    br   if you watched long way round then you won  t be surprised by the language which frankly i find more amusing than offensive .  br    br   i think the only thing that annoyed me about the dvd was charlie  s hair  but he had it styled before dakar so my feminine need for neatness was assuaged tho  i could have lived without the  flame  undies lol as with lwr  the preparation was every bit as interesting as the race itself . i nearly cried when charlie broke his hand  and winced at every bruise he sustained while training . . . . and of course the death of andy caldicott . . . that was an appalling tragedy  but then every year there  s something .  br    br   russ drives me nuts  although his attitude has improved a thousand times from the argumentative cynic he was in lwr . it  s great to see him get along so well now with charlie .  br    br   what i learned from this odyssey was   . never let scorpion prepare your vehicle for anything   they had months to prepare the x   and still the day before the team left for lisbon  scorpion had only done half of things that needed to be done  and the vehicle was a pain throughout the whole race  . the dakar organizers need to put a lot more work into their rider  driver retrieval plan  leaving matt  and presumably a large number of other riders  drivers out to dry the way they did was nothing short of culpable negligence  . charlie has an endearing enthusiasm for  rough and tough  adventure but needs to toughen up a lot to really perform as he  d like and finally   . charlie and ewan are planning another of these epos called the long way down in      and i can  t wait to get my hands on it  d if you love bikes and  or genuinely nice blokes  having a go   you have to watch this  i guarantee you love it . it  s very entertaining .  br    br   in conclusion  to simon pavey  you sir are a hero  i was so impressed by the your  quiet achiever  manner and the fact that you actually finished . . . . . just incredible considering what an monumentally difficult race it is . and to charlie  matt and the rest of the team  full marks for pulling it off . to think that a relatively green team could have achieved so much is truly admirable . you  re all wonderful .  
if you loved long way round you will enjoy this nearly as much . it is educational  funny  interesting and tense . charley shares the screen with two interesting teammates  two tired mechanics  two excellent cameramen and too much russ . ewan makes a few appearances but charley really pulls it off alone . he is funny  engaging and still a puddle of stress and doubt . great stuff   br    br   the series wraps up in  episodes . like lwr  the preparation is nearly as interesting as the race . though they cover the ins and outs of the race well  there could be a bit more explanation of the trucks and cars  which are merely mentioned and rarely even seen racing . it is a motorcycle movie though and anyone on two wheels will love this .  br    br   the series features stunning photography as well as a few interviews of peoples mouths . yikes . there is another extremely catchy theme song like lwr but this one is not nearly as good as the stereophonics .  br    br   if you live in the us god knows when it will be released so buy it on amazon . uk and watch it on your computer as i did . oh  and be prepared to buy another motorbike .  
i loved long way round and wasn  t even aware of race to dakar until i saw it on the shelves of my local supermarket . i bought it and after a slightly  hmm will this be as good  first episode i decided that it was . charlie boorman was great as were the other members of the crew . great to see him with ewan again . there was a fair bit of swearing in it but that didn  t bother me . as for their being no mention of it on the package . thats more to do with the silly excempt from classification certificate that the bbfc have . they should have given it a   just for the language alone .  br    br   highly recommended series  i want more    
clara bow  hula calhoun  is daughter of plantation owner albert gran  bill calhoun   who is mainly interested in playing cards and boozing with friends . she  s interested in riding in the countryside until engineer clive brook  anthony haldane  shows up to build a dam . one of her father  s friends arlette marchal  mrs . bane  then competes for his attentions . his wife maude truax  margaret haldane  shows up for the contrived finale .  br    br   lots of  pre  code  elements like nude bathing .  br    br   wonderful location shooting in hawaii .  
clara bow  s beauty and wonderful appeal are the chief reason to watch this film .  hula  is not quite up to par with clara  s best films but it is still enjoyable . she dances  she rides her horse  and pursues the man that she loves . this film is just over an hour in length and was directed by future oscar winner victor fleming  gone with the wind  . the film moves quickly and clara bow has lots of screen time . if you like clara  i would reccomend  hula .   
alain delon visits swift  sure vengeance on the ruthless crime family that employed him as a hit  man in the duccio tessari thriller  big guns  after they accidentally murder his wife and child . tessari and scenarists roberto gandus  ugo liberatore of  a minute to pray  a second to die   and franco verucci of  ring of death  take this actioneer about a career gunman for the mob right down to the wire . indeed   big guns  is rather predictable  but it still qualifies as solid entertainment with lots of savage and often sudden killings . alain delon of  the godson  is appropriately laconic as he methodically deals out death to the heads of the mob families who refused to let him retire so that he could enjoy life with his young son and daughter . richard conte of  the godfather  plays a sicilian crime boss who wants to bury the hatchet with the delon character  but the rest of his hard  nosed associates want the hit  man dead . like most crime thrillers in the     s and     s   big guns  subscribes to the cinematic morality that crime does not pay . interestingly  the one man who has nothing to do with the murder of the wife and son of the hero survives while another betrays the hero with extreme prejudice . tessari does not waste a second in this    minute shoot  em up . apart from the mother and son dying in a car bomb meant for the father  the worst thing that takes place occurs in an automobile salvage yard when an associate of the hero is crushed in a junked car . ostensibly   big guns  is a rather bloodless outing  but it does have a high body count for a     mobster melodrama . only at the last minute does our protagonist let his guard down and so the contrived morality of an eye for an eye remains intact . tessari stages a couple of decent car chases and the death of a don in a train traveling through a train tunnel is as bloody as this violent yarn gets . the photography and the compositions are excellent .  
ok clara bow silent film from      it  s a spin  off of rain  with bow playing the half  hawaiian wild daughter of the local pineapple king who falls in love with the staid english engineer   clive brook . bow competes with the local widow  arlette marchal  for his attentions  but both women get a big surprise when his wife shows up  patricia dupont  . the predatory wife is ready for a divorce until she discovers he might be on the verge of a fortune . bow settles her hash fast .  br    br   bow has personality to spare and has a few great scenes her opening nude bath  her hula in a grass skirt  and the dog rescue scene with bow and brook doing their own stunts .  br    br   note the imdb credit list is wrong . the film credits  from the dvd i have  list patricia dupont as playing mrs . haldane    not margaret truax as listed on imdb .  
many of the reviews and comments i have read about this movie say that this is a rather stale film and performance by clara bow . although the story  line was rather typical of clara  s later silents  i still find it somewhat heart  stirring and incredibly fun . clara plays a happy  go  lucky hawaiian girl who will stop at nothing to win the man she loves . . . never mind that this man is married  clara  s lack of modesty was shocking in the day  but i believe it lends to the sweetness and general fun of the movie . though definitely not a brilliant story  line  quite typical  actually   this movie is a nice showcase of clara  s ability to make the audience laugh .  
there  s a theory of time that posits that all the moments that ever existed and will exist  actually exist right now . it  s a bit too much to wrap your head around  but perhaps a bit of a comfort to those who wish they could go back to a simpler time and place . for barbara jean trenton  ida lupino   that time was twenty five years earlier  the mid      s when her youth and glamor held the greatest promise . for my part  if i could travel through time  it would be back to the      s when i grew up . maybe to a place like willoughby  but that  s another episode .  br    br   one thing that wouldn  t be so special about     would involve dealing with all that clunky machinery just to watch an episode of  the twilight zone  . how many reels do you think it would take to catalog the entire series  and then find a particular story you wanted to watch  i guess you have to consider the trade offs  convenience versus simplicity  having it right now or taking the time to spool it up to the exact spot where the story begins . popping in a cd has it  s advantages .  br    br   i  m a little surprised that rod serling would pen a story that so closely resembled  sunset boulevard  . ida lupino  s character mirror imaged norma desmond just a bit too closely to be considered an original concept . martin balsam portrays very much a similar character to erich von stroheim  the husband turned butler who  s loyalty is unquestioned . where the story diverges has to do with the way danny  balsam  and sall  ted de corsia  challenge barbara jean to get with reality and clear the cobwebs that paralyze her existence .  br    br   fortunately for us viewers  ida lupino had no such reservations about taking parts that were  not big  but a nice showcase  . it  s a real treat to watch any episode of  the twilight zone  and get to see who pops up from days gone by . sometimes you get a two  fer  like you have here with lupino and balsam  celebrities who sometimes made their mark before the series began  and sometimes after . combined with the stories that the program produced  it  s not surprising that they still manage to entertain so well today .  
i really enjoyed this episode  which was a great surprise given the bad reputation it seems to have acquired . from a pure writing perspective   the   mm shrine  is an absolute treat  with fantastic dialogue and character analysis  typical of sterling . in particular i really enjoyed the philosophical indulgences of the episode  tackling themes of existence and reality  whilst balancing it with more psychological topics such as denial  pride  and desire .  the sixteen  millimeter shrine  is an episode about how these ideas based around an unwillingness to accept change can seemingly alienate a person from the rest of the ever  changing world . it is also a fantastic example of cerebral twilight zone one that explores the mind rather than the world outside it . these elements all come together very nicely to create a thought provoking and incredibly interesting   minutes .  br    br   the episode is not without its faults however  which mainly lay in lupino and leisen shoes . ironically  i felt lupino was unconvincing throughout  with only a few scenes that could count as memorable . this of course being an absolute shame considering how well sterling had written her character . furthermore leisen didn  t seem to know what to do with most of his characters  sometimes having them stand around on set doing next to nothing  which probably explains why accepted the poor performances from lupino half the time  . thankfully balsam does a good job of covering up a lot of weak spots  helping redeem the show from an acting perspective at least .  br    br   as i said previously however  if you  re a fan of classic film and cerebral science fiction  this shouldn  t be as bad as it  s sometimes made out to be . in addition to the writing that i mentioned above  the episode also features some fantastic photography  it still amazes me that the show looks this good nearly fifty years later   and decent enough set  design . overall  the sixteen  millimeter shrine  is a great episode and above all is certainly one to make you think .  
after hitting the viewers with three very different episodes right off the bat  serling continued to go about introducing viewers to  the twilight zone  in a very strange way by scheduling one the series biggest growers as the fourth episode .  the sixteen  millimeter shrine  is one of the more understated episodes  focusing on an aging movie star  s inability to cope with the changing times and only introducing a supernatural element in the closing minutes . because of this approach  the episode is under whelming at first but subsequent viewings reveal it to be a thoroughly classy and beautifully written short story .  br    br   both the leads  ida lupino as barbara jean trent and martin balsam as her frustrated but caring agent  shine in their performances . the main problem with the episode is that the supposedly   year old footage of the actress is unconvincing . lupino looks identical when playing the young trent as she does when playing the middle aged trent and this diminishes the tragedy of the situation significantly . fortunately  lupino acts her socks off in convincing us of her desperation to return to the past . it  s a situation most can sympathise with  and yet trent is far from a sympathetic character . she is a prima  donna who gives little thought to the feelings of those around her  such as the disastrously withered co  star who she tactlessly belittles because he reminds her of just how long ago her glory days were . it is somewhat surprising  then  that she is rewarded with a happy ending . it is clear what is going to happen from the moment we see the huge projection screen and it is cleverly pre  empted in the opening moments when trent scares her maid by stepping out from behind the screen . what is not clear at the beginning  however  is whether being sucked into the projector will prove a reward or a harsh lesson in appreciating what we have and living in the moment . as it turns out  trent is allowed to return to the past she longed for  a testament to how strong the wishful thinking of humans can be .  br    br    the sixteen  millimeter shrine  gets better with each viewing . the top notch writing and acting combine to create a short play of enormous power which reflects the nature of humans to long for the past  even though we can never return . except in the twilight zone .  
i found this movie really funny because you have a youthful black comedian  chris rock  who dies and is sent back to earth in a mid     s white mans body . he doesn  t realize that his behavior should change and continues to act as he had before . he listens to rap music  sings along  and plays the stereotypical part of an urban black man . the real humor in this movie was watching the trouble that this behavior gets him into with the black community .  
this was a hilarious movie and i would see it again and again . it isn  t a movie for someone who doesn  t have a fun sense of a humor  but for people who enoy comedy like chris rock its a perfect movie in my opinion . it is really funnny  
my fondness for chris rock varies with his movies  i hated him after lethal weapon   but i hated everyone in that movie after it . i like him when he is himself and not holding back  like in dogma . well this is his best yet  wasn  t expecting this to be that good . laughed my arse off the whole time . chris rock delivers a sweet wonderful story backed by some of the funniest comedy i  ve seen in quite some time . loved it .  
down to earth is the best movie    it is so funny  and it  s really sweet too . it has a good plot and it  s unique . it isn  t like those movies that are all the same with the similar story lines  and it  s not all comedy and no story . this movie also has a very good ending .  
hopefully the score has changed by now due to my brilliant and stunning review which persuades all of you to go and watch the film thereby creating an instant chorus of    s  this movie  s true score .  br    br   as mentioned before chris rock is the king  previous to going to see this movie i wasn  t that over the top about him but now i  m banging on the doors of chris rock  s website begging him to take me on as his protege . this film is truly funny  if you don  t find this movie funny you really need therapy and it  s humour which targets all areas of society including race  predictably   class division  love  wealth  employment  dreams  stand up comedy . . . the list goes on .  br    br   there was one slight disappointment for me however . this was that in going into this film i didn  t realise that it was actually a remake of  heaven can wait  another quite good movie made in     with warren beatty . as such i was quite surprised when i watched this movie and suddenly the plot began to unravel to be distinctly similar to an older movie i had watched on tv a few weeks ago . . regardless this movie is in my opinion the better version out of the two of them simply because of the different areas it covers and the fact that chris rock is funnier than warren beatty any second of any day of any week of any year of any . . . you get the picture .  br    br   well to the actual plot of the film .  br    br   don  t spoil the experience for yourself  don  t read the plot  just go and watch a movie because there have been two reviews on imdb so far that have raved mad about it  go see it because it is the funniest thing you would have seen in a long time  go and see it because it  s a cinema experience that doesn  t leave you grumbling ad nauseum at the cost of cinema tickets . go see it because it is a good movie   
tony arzenta  a sicilian hit  man or professional killer  decides to leave the business  and his former employers do not agree . in terms of content  this highly enjoyable action movie doesn  t have one in terms of sheer amusement  it is funit is very melodramatic  violent  quite brutal  the car chases are notable .  arzenta  is an unpretentious  yet very likable filmmuch better than the current hollywoodian trash that gets the same label . it comes from delon  s rather short flirting with the italian b cinema of the    s . it carefully uses delon  s tough guy persona  belonging to the gallery of bad  ass thugs that he made in his youth .  br    br   i enjoyed very much the fact that delon made this film  that he had a role in a good eurocrime flick .  br    br   the score is very fine  with a good introductory songmaking felt that gusto that the italians had for the film considered as a synthetic work  where the musical art has an important part .  br    br   in tony arzenta  big guns  no way out the very appealing erika blanc    years in     appears as an unnamed hooker . meanwhile  arzenta  s girlfriend  sandra  is played by carla gravina  a starlet that practically left the movies after     .  br    br    arzenta  is interestingly filmedan ambitious visual conception  some expressionistic peculiar angles . the movie was directed by the prolific duccio tessari  the one who made also zorro  the delon comedy  . needless to mention that these two films  tony arzenta       and zorro  are very unlike . the first one is a bloody melodramatic violent action movie   the second is a lighthearted comedy  more kindred to a spoof  though remarkably coherent and skilfully made . duccio tessari directed films like kiss kiss . . . bang bang        sons of satan  the bloodstained butterfly  viva la muerte . . . tua   tough guys        safari express        etc . .  
this movie i have been dying to see . well it took till now to decide to actually rent it . it was completely worth it . this movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end . chris rock is funny no matter which movie he is in . however  this should come real close to being his greatest . if ur lookin for a family movie  ie pre  teens and up then this is one u can  t pass over .  
great movie when i saw it . have to say one of my favorite movies of all time . i saw it like  times in the theater and got the dvd . as i got older and saw it again i realized that the movie is average . compared to movies that are known ad good comedys  this is nothing . i mean rock was hilarious in the movie and the whole switching with the racial stuff breaks a little barriers which is great . also the thought of how the movie goes is a nice way of thinking . it  s like most thought of a movie but also a little twist which is a very nice touch . i like the movie overall so i give it a . . .  br    br   still a good     for me .  
i  m not saying that just as a chris rock fan  i  m saying this as a person who had low expectations going in to this movie and was proved wrong . the first flaw was it  s everything  works  out ending that everybody saw coming . flaw number two was i found that the chemistry between regina king and chris rock seemed fake . finally the acting in this movie was sub  par  with the best actor being regina king and the worst being mark addy . but i saw past that flaw and saw a solid comedy . in a heads  up scenario  watch heaven can wait instead  it  s better . so for all you chris rock fans out there  watch this movie  you  ll enjoy out . he has some good stand  up in this movie .  br    br   overall  out of    
this movie is a remake of two movies that were a lot better . the last one  heaven can wait  was great  i suggest you see that one . this one is not so great . the last third of the movie is not so bad and chris rock starts to show some of the comic fun that got him to where he is today . however  i don  t know what happened to the first two parts of this movie . it plays like some really bad  b  movie where people sound like they are in some bad tv sit  com . the situations are forced and it is like they are just trying to get the story over so they can start the real movie . it all seems real fake and the editing is just bad . i don  t know how they could release this movie like that . anyway  the last part isn  t to bad  so wait for the video and see it then .  
chris rock stars in this remake of warren beatty  s heaven can wait  itself a remake of the     film here comes mr . jordan   a comedy about a man who dies before his time  before he can realize his dreams  and his adventures in his new  albeit temporary  body . in the beatty version  the protagonist was a backup quarterback for the then  los angeles rams . in rock  s hipper version  our lead character is a struggling young  and decidedly low  talent  standup comedian .  br    br   it  s very funny to see the razor  sharp rock playing a bad comedian . it  s kind of like seeing tom hanks play a bad actor . lance barton  s dream is to play the legendary apollo theater on a non  amateur night . but every time he tries out his material  he  s booed off the stage lustily  so much so that his nickname becomes  booie .  his jokes are lame  his delivery painful . in short  lance is everything that the real chris rock isn  t .  br    br   lance is also a bike messenger  and he  s riding the streets on his way to try out even more material when bam  he  s hit by a truck . ok  so maybe he was taken from his body a tenth of a second early by a slightly incompetent angel  eugene levy   but hey  he was going to get hit anyway . no dice  it appears lance isn  t due in heaven until     . so what to do  mr . king  chazz palminteri   the  manager  of heaven  reluctantly agrees to find a new body for the not  quite  dead mr . barton . trouble is  the body they find is of a greedy  old white man . turns out this fella  a mr . wellington  owns all kinds of things  he  s the   th richest man in the country  what luck  you can imagine how lance will turn things around .  br    br   but of course  while in the body of the affluent mr . wellington  lance falls for a gorgeous hospital worker  regina king  . we males know how tough it is to find a female given our own body  but try winning one over while you  re an dumpy  old white guy  and it  s even worse when she  s not impressed by your money .  br    br   this is rock  s first shot at a lead role  and in my opinion he performs admirably . there  s still a lot of the standup comedian in him  and  of course  if he ever wants to get diverse roles  he might have to stop incorporating standup routines into the script  but this isn  t really a bad thing . rock  s personality  his drive  his delivery  his demeanor  and his passion  are what fuel this film . he  s clearly having a lot of fun in the role  and he seems bent on making sure you have fun watching him .  
this is such a great film  never mind the low rating here . i really have no idea where that came from  they must be discussing a different film then . because i absolutely loved it and found it to be a little hidden treasure .  br    br   it  s story was so original and charming . . i really can  t think of anything bad to say about it . maybe it has to be   your type of thing    but  i saw this with my sister and my mother  and we all were taken by it .  br    br   the acting was also very good  and that is hard to do in a film like this . but i found all the characters very intriguing and sympathetic .  br    br   i  ve always been very fond of dougray scott and found his new   dark   role very interesting . it is really awful hard to get me to like a bad guy  but i absolutely had no problem with that this time . even more so  i adored him .  br    br   everyone who loves a good thriller  drama that also has a good dose of love and tragedy should definitely go see this film  no question about that  anyone wanting to see a film with    bloodshed  should go rent something else  though . . but i guess the title already kind of gives that away . this is a love story  not saw  .  br    br   i give this film  out of five stars    good job     br    br   xxx enjoy   
  a thief in the night  is a film that was generally ignored by movie fans at large due to its low  budget  which was obvious  and its subject matter   the rapture of true christian church and the fate of those left behind . nevertheless  it was a gripping story that held the viewer and definitely made him or her review their relationship with jesus christ . it touched everyone   showing even a pastor who preached the word  but did not believe it  knowing exactly why he was left behind . this movie  and its sequel  distant thunder   are must see movies . even with the new  left behind  series coming out  telling the same story with a much higher budget  the impact is still the same    a thief in the night  broke the ground of this genre and will always be remembered .  
this film was really eye  opening . i have seen this film several times . first  when i was four and i actually remembered it and then when i was   . the whole message that the director is conveying is for everyone to wake up and not make the mistake of leaving god out of our everyday lives or just plain going the extra mile to insult him .  br    br   a great movie for non  believers and believers alike   
i would say for it  s time  this movie was awesome . . . and yes if you have no desire to become a christian  then why bother watching it . i saw this movie after i had already been saved and found it to be very moving . i see now they have taken these movies to another level and have created the left behind series . . . they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people . i think in order to actually judge this movie  you should see it    there are  or  of them in the series if i am not mistaken . . . don  t use our comments to judge  see the movie for yourself   god will bless you if that is why you are watching them .  
i have seen this movie a whole dozen times and it  s awesome . but the only thing with it was that in the beginning  there was too much talk of who  s going out with who . i think that it would be interesting to do a remake of it . but on the official site  they said that they will not be making a remake of it because so many people have gotten saved when viewing it . what  s even happened to patty dunning now  she is a pretty good actress . she has done several other movies in the   s and   s  but we haven  t heard from her since . i know for sure about thom rachford  who plays jerry  works for accounting at rd films . but overall  i have to say that the series itself is like left behind gone old school .  
stylish  moody  innovative revenge  driven bloodbath . also cheesy  of course  and sporadically very cheesy . it reminded me a lot of the big heat because it has the revenge plot set off by the exact same event  and the girl comes around to the good guy  s side because of the same bad behavior by the bad guy . it  s sad there  s no gloria grahame but so fantastic that it  s alain delon and not glenn ford . could there be anyone as beautiful as alain going around in a cashmere sweater and trenchcoat  yet he  s totally tough and icy cool . no one nowadays can touch him   though someone like jude law could try i guess . hard for any girl to look good with him . the music was funky and perfect and there were several excellent car chases  and those aren  t generally my cup of tea    especially one willy nilly one in the woods . people also met their dooms in creative and bloody fashion  for instance in a junkyard cruncher . but beyond the cheese  the overall atmosphere was affecting and expertly pulled off . more creativity  excitement and freshness in that  forgotten  movie than most of what i  ve seen lately .  
man oh man . . . i  ve been foolishly procrastinating  not the right term  there  s a long list   to watch this film and finally had the chance to do so . and  news  are marvellous labyrinthine spectacle   br    br   for any von trier  s  follower   both rigets  element of crime  dogville  dancer in the dark  the five obstructions  etc . . . europa is probably the differential for its greatness in visual terms . everything is beautifully somber and claustrophobic  you really get the feeling of being inside this  imaginary  nightmarish time warp . taking from the masters of surreal cinema like bunuel  bergman  till noir films of the    s with acidic drops of avant  guard von trier leads the art  film scene as the  well intended totalitarian  movie maker of nowadays . his authoritarian way of dealing with very intricate issues  without being irrational  hits the nerve of the viewer with the intent to cure some of the deepest wounds we feed in our hypocritical world .  br    br   as utopian as it seems  i do believe people like von trier could help society in many ways in a broader aspect . the day films and filmmakers that carry this sort of power are no longer necessary  as a tool for reflection  perhaps it could be the start of a new era  the age of emotional control over our fears  . this is what he offers to us constantly through his work over and over .  br    br   bravo   
i  ve read most of the comments on this movie . i have seen this movie  and the whole prophecy series  many times with family members of all ages  we all enjoyed and it just made us meditate on what we already knew from reading and studying the bible about the rapture and end times . no one got scared or traumatized like i have read on some posts . the movie is just based on biblical facts . i have seen a lot of end time movies  tribulation    armagedon  and so on and by far this one is one of the best in presenting bible truths . it may not have a lot of great special effects like todays movies but i believe it is a good witnessing tool . this movie and its prophecy series can be seen free at this website higherpraise . com  and judge for yourself . blessings to all .  
this is a great movie for all generation x  ers . what a different world the america of     was compared to our psychotic   st century . you can get a sense of what an     america gone by was like by watching this movie . i found that the clothing and the car styles brought back to me fond memories of a much better country than we have now . just think . . . back then there were only  or  tv stations to choose from . there was no aids  muslim terrorists  road rage      bird flu  freeway snipers  etc  etc . the vietnam war was just over . there will still be  years before star wars comes out . the personal computer and internet would still be   years away .  br    br   when this movie first came out the producers had to market the film themselves as no other film company wanted it . so it began touring small protestant churches around the country being shown on movie projectors  this was the days before vcrs of course  . the pastor of a church who would would be interested in showing a thief in the night to his congregation would obtain a copy of the film . then he would set up a evening to show it in the church meeting area or lunch room . members of the congregation would invite  unsaved  friends and family members and it would be a social event of the week .  br    br   if you can get past the limited production values of the film and just watch it for its nostalgic value  then i think you will enjoy the film more . of course i am speaking as a gen xer .  br    br   if i had a time machine i would go back to     and say goodbye to the   st century cesspool we have now .  
a thief in the night has got to be the best out of all the end times thrillers . i have no clue what people are complaining about what people are whining about when they say that these movies scared them into accepting god . they just needed to find an excuse and blamed a thief in the night . do not listen  these movies do not only tell of one of the many possibilities of the tribulation  but they  re also fun to watch in their simplicity . they are in fact low  budget and that is a little obvious  but not all too obvious upon first viewing . i had no clue because i really assumed that a lot of movies like these made in the    s included low  budgets all the time .  br    br   a thief in the night tells the story of young and cynical patty myers who lives for what comes her way  until her husband  and nearly all her friends disappear in the prophetic rapture everyone warned her about . at first  the movie isn  t all based around her until the rapture happens . what it leads up to are showing that everyone else around her are becoming christians and believing in christ  which is usually what happens to a lot of people . everyone around them they once knew and loved will be gone forever  and the one who is left behind is the one who blames everyone but themselves . no one can ever blame themselves because they  re always right .  br    br   just like these whiners who complain about the movie . these people must be full grown adults . i  m thirteen  and you don  t see me whining  especially since i was exactly like patty before i re  accepted christ into my heart . for those who haven  t seen it  if you want a little bit of everything tossed into a christian movie instead of stereo  typical everyone else is wrong movies  than you  ll enjoy a thief in the night . don  t knock it before you try it . something new is always good . trust your own instincts .  
this is a great movie . some will disagree with me but  if you know anything about the bible you know it is . i think everyone should see it   i agree a new updated version like be nice but the message is still right on . if you can see this movie . is not a  scare the hell of you movie   it is truthful with the bible . i think the u . n . will play a major role in the world government to come . the last days are lining up with the bible . look at what has happened with the chip for dogs and cats that now has come to light to protect on children from being kidnapped . it  s the size of a grain of rice . this i feel is the fore runner of the mark of the beast spoken of in the bible . without the mark you can  t sell or buy  with this chip that small in the future there is no telling how much info can be put on it .  
a thief in the night is an excellent fictional account of the weeks leading up to the rapture and the weeks following that pivotal event .  br    br   i thoroughly enjoyed both the production values and the content values of this independent christian movie .  br    br   the production values . hey  it  s an independent movie  with a shoe  string budget  so  ya  it  s going to look a bit cheesy  if your standard is a  list hollywood fare  . but  properly compared with other independent movies  this film is perfectly acceptable . more important than acting style  costumes  and music is the narrative itself . is the story compelling  do the dramatic moments work  does the story trajectory build to a satisfying climax  the answer to all these questions is an unqualified  yes .  as a side  note  the truly important technical stuff   continuity  sound  lighting   are fine . the viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by sloppy craftsmanship .  br    br   content value . the message of the movie is superb . when you consider how many ideas the movie  maker developed within the brief span of   minutes  you begin to appreciate his artistry . he presents the message of salvation  the consequence of unbelief  the danger of backsliding  the truth of the rapture  and the threat of a world  dominating satanic government with flare  imagination  and   most importantly for an evangelical movie   with biblical accuracy .  br    br   the movie  maker is a good storyteller . for example  he develops the message of salvation in two important ways    he shows us through action the reality of jesus christ  s sacrifice for our sake . this is achieved in a subplot where the zoo  keeper is bit by a poisonous snake and nearly dies . the only cure is blood from someone who is immune to the snake  poison . the poison is like sin the cure is like christ  s blood  shed on the cross .    the filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialog . he has various characters explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in christ . so  the movie  maker uses both action and dialog to tell his story .  br    br   as a side  note  the fact that a movie produced by evangelical christians actually contains dialog and scenes that convey a clearly delineated message of salvation  couched in explicitly evangelical christian language  imagery  and theology is also perfectly acceptable . to criticize this film for being explicitly christian is absurd it  s akin to criticizing a nike commercial for promoting sport  wear . what else would evangelical christian movie makers make  if not a film that states their case  also  the fact that the movie  maker employs the idea that the unbelieving will be left behind in a godless world is  again  perfectly acceptable . the movie  maker uses the dramatic potential of that idea admirably . how do i know  i heard about a thief in the night from a woman who saw the show way back in      it still lived in her memory thirty years later . how many movies can you say that about  all around  a very enjoyable  thought  provoking show . i plan on showing it to my teen group at church .  
obviously  there wasn  t a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production . but the story and ending were so brutal that they made up for a lot . i mean brutal on the level of ju dou and other  great  chinese films . i first saw this when i was   years old  i ran home and begged god to forgive me for everything . . .  
to all the reviewers on this page  i would have to say this movie is worth seeing . so it was made in      so what . the fashion in the movie was exactly the same fashion of its time . people who didn  t study culture of the decades would think that this movie is a cheese ball . compared to the modern series  left behind    which is made for our time right now  it does look cheezy . however  the only cheezy part of the movie is the fashion  which again was over   years in the past . but . the message that is sent in this film is very powerful  and carefully preserved . there is just so much to say  but i refuse to say it .  for fear of spoiling it  so go out and see this film  if you don  t like the message that it sends  then you have issues  that need some attention   
i remember seeing this movie a long time ago  back then even though it didn  t have any special effects  the acting was really good . and it still has the same message for today  even though the technology has changed  maybe they should make a remake of this movie  it would be interesting to see a remake . i also enjoyed the music from the movie as well  larry norman was a really good songwriter during that time period  although now most christian music is now worship and praise music . i was always curious to know what ever happened to patty after the series ended  did she go on to make more movies  did she get eventually get married and raise a family  i would like to have an update .  
the reason why people say that this movie scared them is because it did   that means the movie purpose was felt by a few who did see it . when i first saw this movie it scared me and made me think about life and religion . this is not a blood and gore scary type movie  but the kind that you would think that it may be possible for things to happen the way the movie was written . of course non believers will say its only a sci  fi movie . truth is  this movie is a must have for your thriller collection  even if it does have a religious view . if you are a fan of classic thrillers  omen . . etc  this is one of them and its a must have . i never saw the sequel  distant thunder   but i believe it picks up where this movie ends .  
now  for all of the cinematographical buffs out there  this film may not rank high on your list of things to see . but if you know anything about plot development  profound truth  and the intentions that this film  the series  had  you  d understand my p . o . v .  br    br   granted  the specifics of the film are renderings of the writer  who cannot be expected to know what will happen in the end . but the film is biblically accurate and justifiably  scares  viewers into thinking about what may be . i  m a christian  not due to this movie  but due to my personal decision to accept jesus as my savior . the film and potential that something similar to the circumstances portrayed therein can remarkably scare someone into thinking about their actions and decisions . it  s not some cheap attempt to scare people into believing in god  but rather  a means to get your attention .  br    br   as a christian  i know i  ll not be left behind  and thanks to movies like this  i can look beyond the superficialities of entertainment  acting  and film budgeting to appreciate the depth that the film has to offer . this is a movie you shouldn  t not only see  but feel with your heart and soul .  
night of the living homeless is a funny spoof of the     film  and the     remake  of  dawn of the dead  . only this time . . . with the homeless . the episode has homeless people all coming to south park and the people cannot figure out why . they treat the homeless like zombies who want change and a few of the parents end up on the roof of a supermarket like in the movie . so now it  s up to the boys to find out where they came from and how to get rid of them . this is a fairly funny episode with some good moments like the boys singing their own version of the  pac  dr . dre song  california love  . overall a good episode .  br    br        
long before tim lahaye and jerry b . jenkins would shake the world of the christian subculture  and make millions in the process  with the left behind books  mark iv pictures  the christian film distribution company of the billy graham evangelistic association  gave us this masterwork . what i love most about this genre is its incredible attention to detail  sitting in a living room . instead of taking us to the dramatic scenes of this  post  rapture  tribulation  we sit in the living room  hearing about it on the news because the filmmakers can  t afford to show it . the film  s premise is grounded in pre  millenial  pre  tribulation eschatalogy  believing that christ comes once for the secret taking of the true church  and then comes again at the end of the seven years of hell on earth . what used to terrify me in junior high now makes me laugh . the intriguing adventures of patty and her journey throughout the tribulation  and two of the film  s three sequels  tells her remarkable story of unbelief and ultimately damnation . i hate to admit it  but i still thoroughly enjoy watching this . it even has the same exact score of monty python and the holy grail . i think i  m the only person in history to make that observation .  
ms patty duke  s story about her life and struggles with manic depression were just like my life struggles . i saw myself acting out just like her . i was so amazed at the similarities of our lives to include the sexual abuse that we both endured as children .  br    br   i saw the movie when it first premiered in     and i have loved this movie so much . anyone who has struggled with manic depression could get so much from this movie . never mind about if it showed her awards or what they were for . that is not the issue here . the issue is how ms duke had an illness and fought to survive it and overcame . ms . duke has much to be proud of in her accomplishments with her struggles for survival of a disease that often leaves many victims without hope .  br    br   unless a person has struggled with this illness personally they don  t know the hell they have to live with . the movie to me was a success because it showed the real issues and how a person who is depressed and manic acts . it was so real . . . so  so  real . it was like watching myself up there on screen .  br    br   i wish i could thank ms . patty duke in person for having the courage to let the public know about her illness . bocka  
this is such a great movie  call me anna  because it shows how a person has suffered for so long without knowing what was wrong with her . for patty duke to come out in the publics eye and tell her story is an inspiration to those who suffer from this disease . i have a lot of respect for her as a person . the only thing i don  t like is i can  t get it on tape  i  ve tried looking for it but with no success . any one know how to get it   
i think it took a lot of guts for her to come forward like that . it is unfortunate that when a celebrity suffers that is what helps people most . but  in her case  what she did was remarkable . i have been in the mental health field for five years and i think it is great that mental illness is not a terrible word anymore and i believe she helped . i always thought she was great and always will . i am glad that she wrote this book and that the movie was made . she is a remarkable lady and i hope she continues to act . she has been through a lot and has faced it . i would really love to see her work more with children  especially child actors . her ordeal should not have happened and i think she would be wonderful as a mentor to young people . the movie was so moving to me that i was very touched . suffering a tbi which brought the onset of my disorder and having ptsd  it is good to know that someone has the courage enough to display her life as she did . i believe it helped this nation and people in general realize that there are others like them and that there is help . thank you ms . duke  or anna  which ever you prefer .  
then you must see this film  to understand the reality . having read the book  ms . duke is now an advocate for those afflicted with bipolar disorder formerly labeled manic  depression .  br    br   it is hard to believe that in this day and age  people still critique others with emotional problems  or those who seek psychiatric help . regressive and discriminatory thinking still exists  and this is unfortunate .  br    br   in this film  the audience sees the pain and suffering ms . duke had been through  especially as a child . many of us may remember her from the teenage  patty duke show  . she was a household name in america by age   .  br    br   you learn of her exploitation by the ross   well played by howard hesseman  . as she was growing up in the      s  the stigma was in full  force . however  we see as she advances in her career  yet the illness becomes worse . she goes through bouts of substance abuse and promiscuity even marries someone whom she divorces the next week and she has several conflicts and tantrums with her children and elderly mother . all these problem occurred before she received adequate therapy  and medication .  br    br   a recent survey released by nami  national alliance on mental illness  recorded that a majority of us adults fail to recognize most of the classic symptoms of bipolar disorder . it also was released that one in five respondents to the poll believed that people could control their illness without medication if they wanted to .  bp magazine  winter      if you watch this film  you will learn the true story of a talented woman who could not  pull herself up by her bootstraps  and  get well  until she was educated about her disorder  and received proper treatment . thank you  ms . duke  for being an advocate against ignorance and prejudice .  
this is a cute little horror spoof  comedy featuring cassandra peterson aka elvira mistress of the dark  the most infamous horror hostess of all time . this was meant to be the pilot vehicle for elvira and was so successful that it was picked up by the nbc network . they filmed a pilot for a television series to feature the busty babe in black but unfortunately the sit  com never made it past the pilot stage due to it  s sexual references . this film however  is very amusing . elvira is the modern  day chesty morgan and the queen of the one  liners . this film was followed up a few years later by the abysmal  elvira  s haunted hills  which was meant to be a take  off of the old roger corman movies but falls flat on it  s face . watch this movie instead for a much more entertaining experience   
cassandra peterson originally created elvira as the television hostess of late  night horror films  and when the character proved unexpectedly popular she suddenly found herself doing everything from beer commercials to spots on the tonight show with johnny carson . she reached the peak of her popularity in the late     s  and the film elvira  mistress of the dark was the result .  br    br   the plot is flyweight . television horror film hostess elvira dreams of success in las vegas . when her great aunt dies  she travels to new england in hopes that the estate will provide enough money to back a stage show she is disappointed to find she has inherited a rundown house  a poodle  and an old book . it happens that the town is puritanical beyond all description  and she provokes righteous indignation everywhere she goes . it also happens that her great uncle is secretly an evil warlock and very intent on laying hands on  the old book .  throw in a few teenagers  a stud muffin  and a hateful woman with falsies and there you go .  br    br   no one would accuse it of being a cinematic masterpiece  and it does drag now and then . but cassandra peterson demonstrates tremendous flair from start to finish squirmy  sexy  and mixing lowbrow humor with flashes of sharp comedy  she dances through the film like a ringmaster in a circus of corny and often self  mocking jokes . from a flashdance disaster to witchcraft craziness  she is never less than wildly entertaining . it  s a tremendous amount of fun  and the film  s conclusion even manages to generate considerable suspense . will elvira best her evil uncle and save the day  well  i don  t want to give anything away  so let  s just say you  ll have a lot of fun finding out .  br    br   dvd quality is okay and there  s little in the way of bonus material  but if you  re in the mood for something silly this one is sure to answer the urge . and if you  ve never seen tassle  twirling  you  re in for a treat . recommended .  br    br   gft  amazon reviewer  
elvira mistress of the dark        cassandra peterson  daniel greene  william morgan sheppard  susan kellerman  edie mcclug  jeff conaway  phil rubenstein  larry flash jenkins  tress macneille  damita jo freeman  mario celario  william dance  lee mclaughlin  charles woolf  sharon hays  bill cable  joseph arias  scott morris  ira heiden  frank collison  lynne marie stewart  marie sullivan  jack fletcher  robert benedetti  kate brown  hugh gillin  eve smith  raleigh bond  tony burrier  alan dewames  timm hill  read scot  james hogan  derek givens . . . director james signorelli . . . screenplay sam egan  john paragon .  br    br   elvira  mistress of the dark was an    s tv icon who had her own late night show on cable . she hosted and presented classic american horror films  many of them campy  while providing her own quips and humorous remarks . actress cassandra peterson has to this date ridden on that success . in      her first film was released . playing herself  she  s stuck hosting monster movie shows but longs for her own show in las vegas and make big money . her agent manny proves a disappointment . it  s not long before she inherits a mansion from a deceased relative  a pet dog and a book of recipes . she comes to claim her inheritance in a small nevada town  she was on her way to vegas and became lost  and soon stirs things up in the sedate community . outspoken conservative town council woman chastity pariah  edie mcclurg  soon sees her as a threat to the decency and values of the small town . her voluptuous figure and winning personality soon draws the youth of the town . she falls for bob redding  daniel greene  the town handyman  carpenter  but before any real relationship can bloom  she finds herself in deep trouble . vincent talbot  william morgan sheppard  an eerie older man who is also set to inherit part of the fortune of elvira  s relative is in fact an age  old sorcerer who has a personal vendetta against elvira  s aunt and elvira herself . he is aware that the so  called  recipe book  is actually a book of powerful magic  a power he wishes to claim for himself . he schemes to bring down elvira by having the town burn her at the stake . how will elvira get out of this one  the movie was no real success at the box office  drawing a crowd of mostly young audiences familiar with the elvira show on cable . truth be told  this is a funny and feel  good movie . the script is chalk full of all kinds of jokes  some bad  some good  lots of sexual innuendo  visual jokes and overall campiness i . e . the hilarious last scene in which elvira has finally got her own strip show in vegas . this film is a cult classic of sorts  catering to elvira fans . you couldn  t enjoy this film otherwise . it  s also a look back at  pop  culture of the    s . elvira was as much an icon of the    s as was alf  vicky the robot  hulk hogan  mr . t and madonna .  
those who love elivra as i did in her late night movie hostess duties will love this movie  she is just plain cool  her car is great  and she is a bit of a transylvanian dolly parton  she is so innocent and naive at times  and sexy all of the time  plus  more than a touch of mae west   br    br   the sets are well done as well  and the comic cast is great  with edie mcclurg at her usual best  plus sally kellerman as patty is hilarious . any time i have to crunch something for a topping  i will think of how elvira crunches the potato chips   br    br   this movie is one to be watched again and again  just for the fun of it . now i have to get the sequel to it  elvira  s haunted hills  and see if it lives up to this one      
elvira  mistress of the dark  is a fun  camp horror comedy  in which the fourth wall is broken a couple of times and the jokes often stay below the navel . and the breasts of cassandra peterson become a character of their own .  br    br   elvira  cassandra peterson  is stacked horror show hostess  who learns  that she has inherited her aunt morgana . so she goes to a little town of fallwell  which is ruled by the most horrendous monster ever to embrace the earth morality comity . elviras boobacious appearance is  of course  too much for the prunes  but the kids of the town get a kick out of her different kind of approach on life . and of course there is even more sinister evil  her uncle vincent  william morgan sheppard   who is after elvira  s mothers book of spells . see  elvira actually is a real witch  she just doesn  t know it . yet .  br    br   for what it is  elvira is quite funny film  even though the script does leave a lot of room for improvement . most laughs come from the difference between elvira and the people of good morals  but there are a couple of good visual gags as well . over all direction is okay  but it never rises to be anything more than that . in all  a good  intentionally campy  comedy . if you like this kind of thing  that is .  
i found this episode to be one of funniest i  ve seen in a long time . the south park creators have done the best spoof of a romero film i have ever seen . they have truly touched on romero  s underlying social commentary that he has made with each one of his films . i would love to know what george romero  s opinion was on this episode i  m sure it was purely positive  keeping his true vision for his zombie epics fully intact  most spoofs deal with the pure gore without making the viewer think as romero tries to do with his films . i think that if a zombie outbreak did happen we may actually worry about our property values before our lives as shown in this episode   
i wasn  t expecting much  and  to be honest  i didn  t like this film the first time around but watching it again and i realised that it  s kinda cool . sure  it  s a one joke film but it  s a funny gag .  br    br   someone posted that it could be better written and it could be . i think this film had the potential to be a over  the  top my cousin vinny . but with a horror host instead of a lawyer . sadly it  s a wasted opportunity . with just a bit more writing it could be a classic . the kids are underused there  s no reason why they should latch on to elvira . apart from the obvious reasons . it would have been great to see their relationship flourish . i know it  s a comedy but it  s little differences that separate the good films from the brilliant .  br    br   elvira herself is always fun and engaging . not to mention flirty . every time she smiles you will too . it  s hard to knock a film when the main character is so charming . and it really is her charm  don  t let her looks fool you into thinking that she  s some sort of tart . well she is . but she  s a nice one . the sort of person you  d let look after your kids . wouldn  t let her cook for them  though . . .  br    br   i  d recommend giving it a go .  br    br   just don  t expect too much .  br    br   she  s more than just a great set of boobs . she  s also an incredible pair of legs .  
the magnetism radiated from elvira  drawing her legions of devoted admirers  has a primordial quality . with her lengthy  well  toned figure  large  bust  innocuously mischievous attitude and grab  bag lexicon of me  generation valley slang  the character of elvira has a universal and timeless appeal . as an aspiring folklorist and an individual deeply interested in the structure of storytelling  it is evident that the elvira persona has certain archetypal elements that help to make the character more than the sum of her corny one  liners and large chest . as initiated from the manner in which the children of the town react to her  she represents the deep adolescent fantasy for an experienced woman whom can connect to them of their level a strange mixture of one  dimensional romantic yearning  boyish sexual craving and the desire for non  threateningly lighthearted fun . she symbolizes an undeveloped ideal of womanhood perfected for the boys and a source of strength for the girls of the town . the other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons . in the end  however  her film cannot move pass its more campy ingredients . the end result is that while elvira is infinitely interesting  her film is limited by how weak a showcase it is for her talents . nearly everything is tailored to an adolescent mindset and although it is a straightforward comedy  only those who can still process information with the mind of a young person will be able to enjoy the nonsense . fortunately  i have such ability and found the film to be a delightful charmer .  br    br   best quote bob redding how  s your head  elvira i haven  t had any complaints .  
to be honest i watched this movie only because of my pubert needs . i mean  i couldn  t get women at my age  i was  or    so i thought watching elvira  s cleavage was the closet thing to sex .  br    br   i ended up having a great time with this cult classic about horror comedy  halloween parties  sassy humor  and some sexy evil displayed by elvira .  br    br   they just don  t make movies like this anymore . . . it had the feeling of an amateur effort mixed with a late night cable talk show host style .  br    br   the truth is that it generated plenty of fans because of it  s humor and the ability to perform by cassandra .  br    br   this is classic that reminds me of the good days of usa up all night .  
since the start of her career in the    s and vastly throughout the exuberant    s  elvira  cassandra peterson  has grown into a modest icon and genuine cult figure in the world of horror  bad monster movies . while ms . peterson has taken on various supporting roles in motion pictures  covering a wide variety in genres  it was her tv  character elvira that brought her the most fame . part of her charm  and respect from the fans  lies in the fact she never turned her back on the horror genre that made her famous  unlike many other big name actors  actresses that like to distantiate themselves from their  early  work  . i  ve seen only bits  pieces of her tv performances  but her cameo role in ghoultown  s recent tribute song  mistress of the dark  really encouraged me to check out more of her stuff . one thing had been clear to me already long before this music video over the years  elvira had become a force of influence herself by the time the mid     s came around .  br    br   and in      after films like  fright night  and  terrorvision  incorporated homages to and spoofs on her tv  work  it finally happened  elvira  mistress of the dark   the motion picture . now  i had seen the trailer for it already back in the vhs rental days  but it took me until last week to finally see the actual film . a few years ago  i did manage to watch  elvira  s haunted hills   made in       but for some reason it didn  t impress me all that much . was it really that forgettable  or should i give it another watch  i actually really do feel like re  watching it now  as this first elvira film from    really convinced me . though perhaps partly responsible for making this film work  might be sam egan and john paragon with their contributions to the script  there really is no way to deny it cassandra peterson has a great feel for comedy  she also co  wrote the screenplay  .  br    br   when elvira learns she  s one of the beneficiaries of a great aunt  she never heard of before   she takes it as the long cherished opportunity to start up her own show in las vegas . out to claim her rightfully inherited money  she travels to a quiet new england town . but the uptight townspeople of falwell are in for a treat . in less than no time she manages to shock and insult all noteworthy inhabitants of the conservative little town with her  often unintentionally  provocative behaviour . to make things worse  her inheritance turns out not to be what she expected a rundown mansion  a cookbook and a poodle . but what she doesn  t know  and her evil uncle vincent albot does  is that her great aunt was a witch  and the cookbook contains recipes to concoct the most hellishly dark powers imaginable . and if you haven  t turned off the movie yet by the time elvira has cooked up her first dish from the recipe  book  then rest assured  you  re going to sit out this ride with a smile on your face .  br    br   it  s surprising how a script rigged together with boob  jokes  witty one  liners  movie references  inside jokes and bade taste merriment also manages to tell a coherent story . simple  of course  but coherent . while other movies  heavily relying on gag  like situations  often make you loose track of the story completely  like the  naked gun  films  for example   this film doesn  t . a lot of horror  comedies were being produced during the    s  but not a lot of them actually worked . let alone a horror  spoof that doesn  t derail at some point   killer party   although i  m grateful for this one going completely bonkers during the finale  or becomes too tedious too quickly   saturday the   th   . although  elvira  is more comedy than horror  it doesn  t loose track of what it  s doing and consistently builds up towards a mildly grotesque finale  complete with a supernatural showdown in the streets of falwell between newborn witch elvira and evil uncle wizard talbot  including a real honest  to  god witch hunt and elvira  s very own burn  at  the  stake moment .  br    br   i  m telling you  there  s no power in hell that could make this movie unfunny . one of the first giggles i got was during the opening credits already  when daniel greene  s name appeared . daniel who  oh yes  i recognized his name  and later on his dim  witted macho  face  . how can one not forget daniel greene once you  ve seen . . .  atomic cyborg aka fists of steel   but if you haven  t seen  atomic cyborg   then i  m sorry  but you won  t be able to laugh with his face in this one . and on a side  note i never could have imagined elvira looking this cool while ignorantly driving away from a gas station . even robert rodriguez could not have made that shot look any better .  
elvira  cassandra peterson  is the host of a cheap horror show . after she finds out that her dead aunt has left her some stuff  elvira goes to england to pick it up  hoping it will be some money . but to her horror  elvira finds out that all her aunt has left her is her house  her dog and a cookbook . elvira decides to settle in the house anyways  but with her striking dark looks and her stunning features  she will not be able to live in peace . all the neighbours are now turning the whole town against her  and with elvira  s outrageous attitude and looks  everyone better watch out  because elvira is on fire  i really enjoyed this movie  it  s really fun to watch get elvira into all these adventures  she  s just great . the whole movie puts you into a halloween mood  sure  it  s silly and the jokes are cheap but it  s a pleasure to watch it . i would give elvira  mistress of the dark      
i suck at gratuitous boob references  so i  m just going to write a plainly flat  no pun intended  review . i love elvira  not in a  i  m  going  to  shoot  the  pres  just  to  impress  jodi  foster  fanatical  way  but suffice to say i think she rocks . the movie is played like a    s horror film only alot more fun  look for the  leasurely stroking of the ankle  reference to know what i mean . what relay shines through in the movie is elvira  s  or should that be cassandras  absolute charm . i first saw this movie at the tender age of   and have seen it contless times since . . i realy should get around to buying a copy  the videostore version is looking a little worse for the wear . if any other fans of the movie want to e  mail me about it feel free .  br    br   p . s another great performance from edie mcclurg  chastedy pariah  an actress who never gets the attention she deserves .  
when my sister said this movie was gonna be good i had second thoughts but i watched it and it was actually funny . basically the movie is made of a weird girl who goes to a small town where no one likes her and she just wants to go there and get the reading of her aunts will don so she can go . but its not all that easy . in this movie you will come across hilarious humor  a witch  a book of spells  recopies  a mentally challenged uncle and a dog . you will understand the meaning of the word freak a after anyways i hope you run right out and try to find this really old movie . hope you like it in total i will have to give it a  . . . . no i  m totally joking ill give it a  hope you understand that you will laugh  you will scream and you may just be offended .  br    br   love yours truly dakota you can email me at dakota  loves  ithot mail . com if you wanna  
this film is fun  if your a person who likes a good campy feature film every now and then . by no means is this movie fine cinema  but if you dont take things too seriously  and can laugh at yourself once in a while  elvira is a good frownbuster .  
there are two things that i like about elvira  and they  re both bigger than she is and she keeps them covered up her wit and her talent . a movie is the best thing to show off how funny she can be or how she commands attention . looking like a combined clone of morticia adams and anna nicole smith  she inherits a distant relative  s estate only to discover that she is really the heiress of the occult . the comedy in this movie is the best thing about it  but it could have been a lot more scary and chilling . it  s mostly a campy fare with as many bad horror movie references in it such as the rioting mob or the fleeing heroine who trips and stumbles on her heels . my favorite part is when she uses her marvelous endowments to break the chains keeping her locked in the cemetary . the ending is sappingly sweet as if it were written by the bradys  but the las vegas act at the end seems too grandiose for this type of movie .  
elvira mistress of the dark is one of my fav movies  it has every thing you would want in a film  like great one liners  sexy star and a outrageous story  if you have not seen it  you are missing out on one of the greatest films made . i can  t wait till her new movie comes out   
and yet another run of south park comes to an end . this wasn  t as strong an episode as i  d hoped for  but night of the living homeless was a stronger finisher then stanley  s cup  tsst  bloody mary  or erection day . it still can  t hold a candle to woodland critter christmas and goobacks  but few episodes can .  br    br   night of the living homeless is a spoof of the zombie genre  done in a way only south park would think of . instead of flesh eating zombies  the entities are homeless that request change and seem to survive off of it .  br    br   randy and other residents are locked in the community center  though this time on the roof  where they can survey the scene . a particularly funny moment is when one member finds out his home is gone  and becomes homeless  leaving randy no choice but to shoot him .  br    br   meanwhile  the four boys set out to solve the problem  with the whole story behind the homeless takeover trying to convey a message  but being seriously uninspired . south park is at it  s best a lot of the times when it is being ridiculous . matt and trey played it safe this week  and didn  t really critique the homeless problem  just lampooned it .  br    br   the shock moment of the episode comes when a scientist shoots himself in an attempt to avoid the homeless . this is the first time a suicide on south park goes wrong  and we watch the poor man miss his brain and then attempt to shoot himself many times while he painfully dies . another inspired south park moment .  br    br   overall  the episode was funny  but it was kept from being great by withholding any real commentary on the homeless and sticking straight with the zombie shtick . the ending is somewhat funny  but nothing new .  br    br   now we must wait until october for the next batch of episodes . it  s a long haul  but south park must be applauded for it  s run . the show seemed to be running out of steam last season  but now it  s back in full form .  
what can one say about elvira that hasn  t already been said in the world  s press  the classic comedienne that is elvira delivers in her first full  length big budget comedy masterpiece .  br    br   from the very first movie frame thingy  elvira packs an acting punch that clearly says film great . . . . eat your heart out  bette davis  see a forlorn elvira  see an excitable elvira  see a jealous elvira  see a murderous elvira . you can do nothing but marvel at her acting prowess   br    br   at the heart of this comedy masterpiece is elvira  s desire for las vegas show stardom . despite putting  the boob back in the boobtube  as a horror hostess  with the mostest   elvira finds the small screen constrictive emotionally . . . . and physically  nuff said  she packs up her kitbag and heads east . . . . a hotdog in one hand and a letter from her aunt  s lawyer outlining her inheritance  windfall  in the other .  br    br   i  ve seen this movie so many times  i can almost recite it verbatim . . . .  verbatim would just be showing off    br    br   grab a copy  laugh yourself silly  learn the lines . . . .  br    br   why she didn  t win the best actress oscar for this role is beyond me .  
i think that this movie is very fun and horror . i love elvira and i like this movie . it  s very pity that second part of this wonderful movie had no success  because it very funny like a first part . i also regret that besides of this movie i have no seen cassandra peterson in other films . i think that she is amazing actress with big . . . potential . i hope that ii  ll see her in future in the third part of elvira  s adventures . cassandra peterson is one of my favorite comedy actresses . cassandra  if you read this  know that you are the best and my heart will be with you . you can rely on me . what can i more add  this is cool and classical movie   
ok  i saw this in the theaters when it came out and i don  t know why . i haven  t seen it since  but i ended up on this page because i found myself thinking about this film  again i don  t know why . but the fact that i remember it speaks volumes .  br    br   comedy is hard  much harder than any drama . doing it right makes it seem easy  but doing it wrong . . . is there anything worse than a bad comedy  steve martin  pay attention  you are falling in this category again for some reason .  br    br   elvira mistress of the dark must have done it right for me to remember this movie fondly . done at a quick pace  with tongue in cheek and knowing it isn  t the philedelphia story  it entertains from start to finish . brain donors is another that fits right in this category  sans most of the gratuitous boob jokes  .  br    br   one point of contention  the ending . it seems the writers  director had no idea how to finish a comedy . the ending tries to be a love story  somewhat undermining the quirky fast  paced dialogue up to that point . then there is the  tassle  scene . whereas this has to be seen  male opinion   it is so over the top and out of place it  s like a shock . one more rewrite for the ending was needed .  br    br   this is not comedy genius like spinal tap or the producers or the holy grail . but if you don  t try to dissect it and just let the puns and sappy fun come to you  you  ll laugh  i guarantee it .  
elvira mistress of the dark is just that  a campy concoction of fun  sex appeal  horror and comedy all poured into a low cut black gown and toped with a sky high black bouffant hair  do . this movie is sure to delight any fan of elvira  s . it takes you upclose and personal with elvira and probes deep into her . . . um past revealing her enormous . . . ancestry .  br    br   the movie takes you on a ride with elvira as she goes from tv horror hostess with the mostess to her home town of fallwell mass to claim her inheritance from a deceased great aunt . where she encounters a stuffy town  a studly cinema owner  a creepy great uncle who seems to be after her for more than her good looks . a slew of high school kids that immediately love her  and a town board who are will do anything to get her out of town  even if it means burning her at the stake  watch elvira woo the kids  stalk the stud  avoid her creepy great uncle and thumb her nose at the stuffy uptight  preservatives  who have no kind words for her  in elvira mistress of the dark   br    br   as elvira would say  i guarantee it  ll be a scream   screams in background  whoa  good thing i didn  t say it  d be a gas    
this has to be one of my favourite flicks  unlike the weak  elvira  s haunted hills  . . . anyway i love the way the movie is a goth  com  wizard of oz  story . . .  br    br   elvira is a goth dorothy who is stranded in an unfamiliar town after the death of a good witch  elviras aunt morgana  . . . she inherits a  ruby  ring which is extremely powerful and sought after by the bad warlock  her uncle  . . . she befriends four characters whom she inadvertently helps grow throughout the movie all the while with a dog in tow . there is a show down with her uncle  the wicked witch of the west  where elvira realises that she has the strength within her and ends up defeating him . in the end she gets sent off by the towns folk after winning over their hearts and finally gets to her destination las vegas  dorothy  s home in kansas  .  br    br   there are many references made to the wizard of oz throughout the movie . . . she and her uncle both quote lines relevant to their parallel characters . elvira  youe must be aunt em  and you must be uncle remus . . . . there  s no place like home  there  s no place like home   bad uncle vinny  i  ll get you my pretty  and your little dog too    br    br   there is a sign that elvira passes when first on her road trip which mentions the state of kansas .  br    br   but aside from this  the fact that one of the sequences she  ripped off  um . . . i mean was inspired by flashdance  is pure genius . . . and if you don  t roll around laughing at her titty twirling at the end of her  very    s  las vegas show then you haven  t got a camp bone in your body . . . this movie is a cult  camp classic  
this film is pure elvira and shows her at her breast . . . i mean best  the story  co  written by cassandra peterson  elvira  s alter ego  is inspiring and captivating and is brought to life by elvira  s wit and charm . the viewer gets an opportunity to see elvira in a whole new light as she struggles with the prejudices of the people of fallwell  massachusetts  where she has travelled from los angeles in order to attend the reading of her great aunt morganna  s will  and at the same time tries to help the long  suffering teenagers who have been deprived of fun by the matriarchal chastity pariah and the rest of the town council . she also has to deal with her attraction to bob redding  the owner of the local cinema  and another woman  patty  who has her eye on bob as well but is not nearly as deserving of his love as elvira . and  later in the movie  she also faces the complications of being descended from   a major metaphysical celebrity   and the charges of witchcraft brought against her which mean that she will be burnt at the stake . elvira manages to be both sexy and vulnerable  streetwise and naive in this film  while cracking risque jokes and delivering off  beat lines with double meanings .  br    br   this movie is inspiring because it gives out the message of never giving up on yourself and always trying to follow your dreams . in the end elvira  s dreams finally come true  which is the best thing that could happen to this wonderfully unique and determined woman .  br    br   i  ve seen this movie countless times and i never ever get tired of it  there are no unnecessary scenes and i found myself captivated throughout the whole movie . a review will not do justice to the actual movie  so i can just tell you to please watch it because it is one of the best movies ever made  meanwhile  i wish you   unpleasant dreams     
those who are not familiar with cassandra peterson  s alter  ego elvira  then this is a good place to start .  br    br    elvira  mistress of the dark  starts off with our heroine with the gravity defying boobs receiving a message . it seems that a great aunt of hers has died and that she needs to be present for the reading of the will . anxious to raise money for a show she wants to open in las vegas  she decides to go in hopes of getting lots and lots of money .  br    br   unfortunately  the place she has to go is the town of fallwell  massachusetts . having to stay a spell due to her car breaking down  she finds out that her great aunt left her  things a house  a dog and a cookbook . the town residents have mixed reactionsthe teens like her  the women hate her  and the men lust after her  although trying to remain moral pillars of the community  . her worst problem turns out to be her great uncle vincent  w . morgan sheppard   because he wants her cookbook . seems that the cookbook is a book of spells that will make him a more powerful warlock .  br    br   the film is actually pretty funny  with peterson a . k . a . elvira using her  endowments  and sexiness as a joke   and don  t forget  tomorrow we  re showing the head with two things . . . i mean the thing with two heads   . especially funny as edie mcclurg as chastity pariah  the woman that works her hardest to keep the town in line  but ends up looking ridiculous  the picnic scene is the perfect example  . deserves a peek  the film  not her boobs  of course  .  
ok  this movie is stupid . i mean that in a good way though . it was stupid on purpose  and was one of the better  stupid  movies i  ve seen . the jokes and gags are purposefully bad  but delivered in a way that it struck all the right notes with me . the supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre . there is a pretty weak plot  but it works just fine .  br    br   elvira  s character is the focus here . she is lovable and adorable . cassandra petersen has a world of acting talent that just glows in this movie . on top of that acting talent she had physical attributes which were frankly  stunning . few men could disagree with that . the parts that show off her figure were also some of the funnier scenes in the movie .  br    br   i had a smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last .  br    br   highly recommended to fans of comedy  and to fans of beautiful women . i wish they had made a dozen more elvia movies .  
elvira  mistress of the dark        br    br   directed by james signorelli  br    br   starring cassandra peterson  w . morgan sheppard  daniel greene  and edie mcclurg  br    br   plot elvira  cassandra peterson  quits her tv show and heads to the small christian town fallwell  massachusettes to collect on her dead aunt  s inheritance  hoping to make big bucks to open up a show in vegas . unfortunately for her  all she gets is a creepy old house  a poodle  and a magic cookbook . while in fallwell  elvira tries to make money  breathe some life into the teenagers  win the heart of a stud  daniel greene   avoid being burned at the stake  and keep the cookbook from her creepy uncle  w . morgan sheppard   who is planning to use the book to end the world .  br    br   my thoughts i love both cassandra peterson and her alter  ego elvira . she is a very successful  beautiful  and funny woman and as elvira she  s all that plus morbid and hilariously naive  not to mention she has an amazing pair of knockers . in this movie  her charms are put to good use .  br    br   i loved the whole  fish out of water  feel to the film . you got elvira  with her low  cut black dress  her big black hair  and her enormous  twins   and she  s in a christian town where most of the girls aren  t even allowed to wear makeup . this also makes her love story with bob  daniel greene  a lot more entertaining .  br    br   w . morgan sheppard is equally great as elvira  s uncle  nemesis vincent  out to steal the book to use it for evil . he has a lot of presence but still doesn  t get in the way and steal scenes from elvira .  br    br   what really makes the film is not the plot  but the many jokes . everything from boob jokes to horror spoofing is here and makes me laugh a lot more than anything from a scary movie sequel . i hear there are about   boob jokes in this film  and any fan of roger corman b  horror flicks will love the spoofing in this film .  br    br   if you love elvira  you will love this flick . also check out elvira  s haunted hills .  
  elvira  mistress of the dark  is a sort of  harper valley p . t . a .  with touches of the supernatural . elvira  cassandra peterson  walks off her job as television horror movie hostess after the new station  s owner gets fresh with her . she  s now relying on a las vegas show to carry her through  but learns she needs to come up with more money to get the show started . things look hopeless to raise that money until she receives notice of her aunt  s death  which then takes elvira to massachusetts for the reading of the will . a house in need of repairs  a dog  and a cookbook are all that is left to her by her aunt  and again it seems elvira is having trouble coming up with the money for the las vegas show . the adults of the small and narrow minded town make things worse by making things more difficult for elvira . only the local hunk  daniel greene   and a group of teenagers will befriend her . elvira  s uncle  vinnie   w . morgan sheppard   presses to make a deal with elvira for the cookbook  but elvira soon learns of her powerful heritage that includes spellcasting  and a couple very effective casseroles . elvira no longer wants to sell the cookbook to her uncle  but he is determined to get his hands on it knowing of its power . elvira then faces being burned at the stake on the town  s old charge of witchcraft  and the showdown between her and her uncle . the plot is pretty simple  but the humor and well developed characters keep it moving at a nice pace .  elvira  mistress of the dark  is full of cute  gross  bawdy  and clever humor carried through by the many sight gags  puns  props  songs  and parodies . the film  s touches of the occult make this one of the best horror parodies ever made . it is a well made film with terrific acting by all performers including edie mcclurg  and jeff conaway  of  grease .   there are also nice special effects . many people  including myself  wondered if the elvira character could carry a feature film  and the answer is delightfully  yes   
  night of the living homeless  was a fairly strong finish to the first half of season   . obviously a parody of various zombie movies  most notably dawn of the dead  this episode parallels the homeless with the living dead  as creatures who feed and thrive off of spare change rather than brains .  br    br   kyle is blamed for the sudden mass outbreak of homeless people when he  out of the goodness of his heart  gives a    to a homeless man in front of his house . more homeless people begin to infiltrate south park  until the town is completely overrun with them . this is a very strong randy marsh episode  as he assumes the role of the shotgun  wielding leader of the adults who take refuge on the roof of the park county community center . but before randy makes it to the community center  he is accosted by hundreds of homeless people while hilariously screaming  i don  t have any change    unfortunately  the refugees end up losing gerald broflofski to the homeless  when he tries to escape by catching a bus out of town  and unwittingly tosses away all his change for the bus to distract the homeless people . then he becomes one of them  asking everyone for change .  br    br   the boys attempt to find out why there are so many homeless people in south park  and find a man who is a director of homeless studies . they find out that the nearby city of evergreen used to have a similar problem with the homeless  so they escape to evergreen to find out what they did to solve the problem . unfortunately  homeless people break into the man  s house  and he attempts to take the easy way out by shooting himself . however  he fails several times  as he shoots himself in the jaw  in the eye  in the chest  in the neck  in the shoulder  screaming horribly until he finally dies . this scene may have been funnier had a similar scene not happened in  fantastic easter special  two weeks ago .  br    br   meanwhile  a member of the refugees discovers that due to the homeless problem  the property values have nosedived  thus the bank has foreclosed on his house  making him homeless . randy immediately turns on him  holding the gun to the man  s head . when the man finally begs the others for a few bucks to help him out  randy pulls the trigger .  br    br   in evergreen  the boys find out that the citizens of the town sent the homeless to south park  and that the passing of homeless from town to town happens all over the country . the boys modify a bus that leads the homeless out of south park and takes them all the way to santa monica  california .  br    br   the zombie movie parallels and the great randy marsh lines make this one definitely re  watchable .      
i don  t doubt that the critics panned this movie  especially the artsy fartsys who need a laxative . this is a great vehicle movie in the tradition of abbot  costello or more recently don knotts . it won  t shake the world or change movies forever . what it will do is entertain . when all is said  done that  s the most important thing anyway . watch this movie  forget your troubles . it even has a simple  kind moral message at no extra charge . i always loved elvira  s tv show when i lived in la . she did not really steal her schtick from vampira any more than vampira did from the original  theda bara . this sort of mythic character belongs to whoever does it best  cassandra peterson does it best . long live elvira we need more of these kind of movies . there are never enough . the villain  william morgan sheppard  was also excellent . he exudes a wonderful refined malice . i could find no technical faults . the execution is as close to flawless as the art form gets . my profound compliments to the director  james signorelli   all his crew .  
this tender beautifully crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being . the irreverent pupils  the life embittered bus driver and the teachers personalities present a subliminal debate as the story unveils . the adult characters all seem familiar  my teachers  my bus driver  each one of their opinions so plausible and well known . when a key incident happens on the bus we are sent on a circuit of viewpoints . all the time the babble of teenage energy is only just kept under control by the organisers of the trip . mr harvey is experiencing much pain throughout . he reminds me of war damaged teachers i did not understand when i was an irreverent pupil .  br    br   rhidian brook and the producers deserve much acclaim for this well shaped british film . the acting unblemished  the scenes appropriate  it should be widely available yet does not seem to have been given the right opportunity .  
  why did they make them so big  why didn  t they just give the money to the poor   the question about cathedrals was asked by a student to mr . harvey during a school field trip to salisbury cathedral .  that  s a good question   he replied .  partly to inspire them  to get them to look up with awe .  i  m not sure that cathedrals have that impact on everyone  but this movie certainly had that impact on me . it was awesome   br    br   it didn  t start out that way . for a while it seemed to be little more than a depiction of  well  a school field trip to salisbury cathedral . if you  ve ever been on a high school field trip to anywhere this is basically it . you have a group of largely disinterested kids just happy to be out of school for a day  the bus driver who  s driven crazy by them and some teachers trying desperately to keep it all under control . been there  done that  got the t  shirt was my initial reaction . i figured that in the end this was going to be a typical story of a teacher managing to inspire a group of disinterested students . yawn  but it turns out to be so much more  timothy spall was brilliant as mr . harvey  a sombre  unsmiling teacher with a strange fascination for cathedrals . over the course of the movie  his story slowly comes out and becomes the focal point of the story . we also get introduced to some of the troubled students  most notably helen  also brilliantly played by nathalie press  who  s into self  mutilation .  br    br   this isn  t a religious movie  but it includes some powerful reflections on religious themes . when harvey  s colleague jonathon  played by ben miles  says  i don  t care what anyone believes as long as they don  t try to force it on anyone else  harvey replies   that isn  t tolerance  it  s indifference    which is  in fact  in my opinion  what often passes for religious tolerance in our society . there are scenes of reconciliation between various characters  and the final scene of the movie was brilliant . as harvey climbs back on the bus  director susanna white has the camera slowly pan upwards  so that the final shot is simply of the sky  hearkening back to harvey  s comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to get people to look up in awe . the cathedral accomplishes its goal . we look up into the universe in awe  seeking something greater than ourselves  however we choose to define it . this is a very powerful and very inspiring movie .      
although this was not without its faults  this drama was a fitting one to be shown around easter time . it reminded us of our spiritual selves and showed that behind our facades  we often hide our deepest sufferings and experiences . there was so much to enjoy in the drama  not least the rapping teenagers who provided a better musical accompaniment to the drama than the rather poor sound score in the background . the acting was excellent and timothy spall was once again superb . the climax was very satisfying  if rather simplistic . timothy spall  s  letting go  of his long  dead wife  s suicide was credible and mirrored well the feelings of despair that were present in the teenage girl who self  harmed . the resolution between the graffiti boy and the muslim was gratifying but less believable . a wonderful drama which left myself and my husband felling that the evening had been well spent . congratulations   
  mr . harvey lights a candle  is anchored by a brilliant performance by timothy spall .  br    br   while we can predict that his titular morose  up tight teacher will have some sort of break down or catharsis based on some deep down secret from his past  how his emotions are unveiled is surprising . spall  s range of feelings conveyed is quite moving and more than he usually gets to portray as part of the mike leigh repertory .  br    br   while an expected boring school bus trip has only been used for comic purposes  such as on  the simpsons   this central situation of a visit to salisbury cathedral in rhidian brook  s script is well  contained and structured for dramatic purposes  and is almost formally divided into acts .  br    br   we  re introduced to the urban british range of racially and religiously diverse kids  with their uniforms i couldn  t tell if this is a  private  or  public  school   as they gather  the rapping black kids  the serious south asians and muslims  the white bullies and mean girls  but conveyed quite naturally and individually . the young actors  some of whom i recognized from british tv such as  shameless   were exuberant in representing the usual range of junior high social pressures . celia imrie puts more warmth into the supervisor  s role than the martinets she usually has to play .  br    br   a break in the trip leads to a transformative crisis for some while others remain amusingly oblivious . we think  like the teacher portrayed by ben miles of  coupling   that we will be spoon fed a didactic lesson about religious tolerance  but it  s much more about faith in people as well as god  which is why the bbc showed it in england at easter time and bbc america showed it in the u . s . over christmas .  br    br   nathalie press  who was also so good in  summer of love   has a key role in mr . harvey  s redemption that could have been played for movie  of  the  week preaching  but is touching as they reach out to each other in an unexpected way  unfortunately i saw their intense scene interrupted by commercials  .  br    br   while it is a bit heavy  handed in several times pointedly calling this road trip  a pilgrimage   this quiet film was the best evocation of  good will towards men  than i  ve seen in most holiday  themed tv movies .  
if you have a chance of seeing this film do see it . it  s quite shocking in parts and really makes you think about so many important issues but it  s not didactic . in my opinion it  s a piece of art . . . beautifully filmed  fine music of many styles  the typically impressive level of acting that one has come to expect from bbc drama . nathalie press  billed as  natalie  press  is convincing in her role as depressed teenager exploited by a male classmate . celia imrie has that beautifully reassuring quality that gives the sometimes unnerving action stability and the viewer comfort in the knowledge that someone out there is actually  normal   but the real star as always is timothy spall  surely one of the greatest actors of our time   
amazing acting  music . a simple and clear plot but it drew me in and kept me captivated all the way through . i don  t know why it was so fantastic but it simply was . so many of the characters were so real . it moved me and made me think i would like to watch more like this .  br    br   the idea of a school trip as a forum for such an amazing plot was a genius idea and so many of the people were like people were like those encountered every day by teachers in the classroom .  br    br   the film tackles issues of religion  prejudice  drugs friendship  memories  difficult experiences and simple the diversity of life itself .  
a fine effort for an australian show . which is probably not surprising seeing as there seems to be somewhat of a resurgence in quality aussie drama . dare i compare this show to the brilliance of love my way  no . but it is reminiscent of early secret life of us . the cast is great  gibney works her magic in the first two episodes i have seen  the british cast is strong also especially the callum and lizzie characters . but abe forsythe may be the saving light  not that it needs saving  if this show is to get another season . i wasn  t a fan of his performance in the awesomely awesome marking time mini series a few years back but he was great as hal in always greener . its also good to see brooke satchwell again . lets hope the show keeps improving with each episode .  
tripping over . i must say at first i was a little disappointed in the first few episodes  but having faith in the show  and abe forsythe  s unquestionable talent  i continued to watch . i can safely say i  m now glad that i did . the story did develop quite well  and all the characters have a strong base  and most don  t have any information missing .  br    br   the only thing i can fault in this production is the somewhat annoying voice and pronunciation possessed by the character lizzie .  br    br   some good acting coupled with a stellar plot really gets this show over the line . here  s to hoping for another season   
finally we get a tv series where we get to see the acting talent  episode one was excellent  the script gave us a little more than usual  yeah  there was still the  i  m not your father  i  m your father and omigod you cheated on me   rubbish but the script allowed the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if  like so many tv soaps do .  br    br   the camera work also gave us a little more than usual  there were no boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was no unnecessary  shots inside shots or hand  held camera crap  to add an  artistic  edge it gave us what we needed to see and also some beautiful scenery pictures as well   br    br   nothing was over  dramatised or melodramatic they were real people in a real place dealing with real situations  the show lacked nothing in drama and was completely relevant . it was such a relief to be exposed to real acting and so nice to let our country see just how talented our actors can be when given a real script  a real opportunity  thank you tony tilse  sam miller  channel ten and all cast and crew  wonderful work   please continue what you are doing  your efforts are much appreciated and do not go unnoticed   
some people have stated that as of the   th season  south park has started a trend of leaving behind their politically biting satire for shallow spoofs but this could not be further from the truth .  br    br   while this episode does spoof the living dead series  there is more . it is a satire of how people treat the homeless . characters say things like  they  re pretending to be just like us  or  they want to be human .  this episode attacks a culture of people who ignore the lower class who are often just down on their luck .  br    br   so yes  it is still a satire  and also a wonderful spoof . what more could you want   
saw this in the theater in    and fell out of my chair laughing more than once .  beirut  . . .  what do you know about beirut   . . .  beirut . . . he  s the best damn baseball that ever lived .   br    br   you know how it  s going to end but it has a great time getting there . the training scenes are very funny but the best scene may be the one when jack and reno are attempting to watch the falcons v . vikings monday night football game while attempting a make  up dinner with their wives .  br    br   williams and russell seem to have a lot of fun with this one and it  s too bad that it  s overlooked as a top notch comedy .  
kurt russell is at his best as the man who lives off his past glories  reno hightower . robin williams is his polar opposite in a rare low key performance as jack dundee . he dropped the big pass in more ways than one .  br    br   you  ll see some of the most quotable scenes ever put into one film  as jack hisses at a rat  reno poses  and the call of the caribou goes out .  br    br   don  t miss this classic that isn  t scared to show football in the mud the way it should be played .  
for all of the has  beens or never was  s or for the curious  this film is for you . . . . ever played a sport  or wondered what it felt like after the lights went down and the crowd left . . this film explores that and more .  br    br   robin williams  jack dundee  is a small town assistant banker in taft ca .  whose life has been plagued  by a miscue in a big rival high school football game   years ago  when he dropped the pass that would have won over bakersfield  their arch  rival  that takes great pleasure in pounding the taft rockets  season after season . kurt russell  reno hightower  was the quarterback in that famous game  and is the local legend  that now is a van repair specialist  whose life is fading into lethargy  like the town of taft itself .  br    br   williams gets an idea to remake history  by replaying the game  he meets with skeptical resistance  so he goes on a one man terror spree  and literally paints the town  orange  yellow and black  to raise the ire of the residents to recreate the game . after succeeding  the players from that     team reunite  and try to get in shape to practice  which is hysterical . the game is on  bakesfield is loaded with all of the high tech gadgets  game strategies  and sophisticated training routines . taft is drawing plays in the mud  with sticks  stones  and bottle caps  what a riot  does taft overcome the odds  does robin willians purge the demons from his bowels  does kurt russell rise from lethargy  watch  the best of times  for one of the best viewing experiences ever   br    br   one of robin williams best understated performances  the chemistry between robin and russell is magic . and who is kid lester     br    br   holly palance and pamela reed give memorable performances as the wives of williams and russell . succeeds on many levels . a     
hi i  m from taft california and i like this movie because it shows how us little town people love our sports football is the main thing in taft and this movie shows just how important it is i personally think they should make another one but instead of actors use us kids to play the games well show you our determination we  ve beat bakersfield every game for the past  years and since i  m a senior next year its my last chance and then its college we  ve had running backs lead the state and i  m next if you want to know me i  m kyle taylor and i average seven to eight yards a carry and about five times a game ill break away on a   or around that yard run so check us out at our website and go to our sports page bye  
robin williams does his best to combine comedy and pathos  but comes off a bit shrill . donald moffat is too one  note as his father  in  law . jeff bridges is excellent though as the quarterback  and holly palance and pamela reed are marvelous  carrying the film through most of its rough spots . it fills time nicely  but is little more than that .  
i love this movie  but the music at all the alumni gatherings is just stupid .  br    br   the fateful game took place in     . that means that the protagonists graduated in     . but almost all of the music played at the dances etc . is from the     s and very early     s .  br    br   having just attended my   th high school reunion  i can assure you that the last music to be played at a reunion or dance of former high school people is their parents  music .  br    br   i understand the difficulty of finding relevant     s music   we all know what a desolate time it was musically . but it wasn  t completely bereft  and the producers of the film should have taken more care . i found those dance scenes very jarring to my otherwise willing suspension of disbelief in the rest of the film .  br    br   this was a bad director and  or producer decision .  
the film did not do well at the box office .  br    br   i saw it in a sneak preview .  br    br   i have always enjoyed the film .  br    br   i live in  of the cities mentioned in the film where past players moved to .  br    br   not the best film ever put to screen  but enjoyable .  br    br   robin did well with his role .  br    br   best line of the film at the beginning  by robin  s character jack  i was that sob   cleaned up here as not to offend anyone .  br    br   was glad when it came to dvd a few years back in the wide screen  letter box format .  br    br   i am not a football fan or a real sports fan . but  you do not need to be one to like this film .  
robin williams and kurt russell play guys in their    s who put their marraiges in jeopardy by deciding  russell somewhat reluctantly  to replay their heartbreaking tie with rival bakersfield years after the fact . williams is ok  but russell is flat  out great as legendary taft quarterback remo hightower . holly palance does a nice and attractive turn as williams  wife  who could live without this rematch . film is worth watching just to see the famed remo in action . highly recommended .  
spoiler this movie is about such a concept . williams will go to any low in order to replay the football game that haunts his life . russel plays the ex jock who peaked in high school . finally the under dog get its shot  and williams can save face  instead of being the clown . a great reverse tragedy .      
the best of times is one of the great sleepers of all time . the setup does not tax your patience  the development is steady  the many intertwined relationships are lovingly established  the gags and bits all work and all are funny . there is lots of sentimentality . kurt russell playing reno hightower puts in one of his best performances  and robin williams playing jack dundee is sure  footed as ever . the cast also includes many great supporters . jack  s wife is played by jack palance  s daughter  who is lovely  as is reno  s wife  who is a great comedian . i can  t tell you how many times i  ve watched this movie  how many times i have enjoyed it and how often i wish that more people could see it .  
match   tag team table match bubba ray and spike dudley vs eddie guerrero and chris benoit bubba ray and spike dudley started things off with a tag team table match against eddie guerrero and chris benoit . according to the rules of the match  both opponents have to go through tables in order to get the win . benoit and guerrero heated up early on by taking turns hammering first spike and then bubba ray . a german suplex by benoit to bubba took the wind out of the dudley brother . spike tried to help his brother  but the referee restrained him while benoit and guerrero ganged up on him in the corner . with benoit stomping away on bubba  guerrero set up a table outside . spike dashed into the ring and somersaulted over the top rope onto guerrero on the outside  after recovering and taking care of spike  guerrero slipped a table into the ring and helped the wolverine set it up . the tandem then set up for a double superplex from the middle rope which would have put bubba through the table  but spike knocked the table over right before his brother came crashing down  guerrero and benoit propped another table in the corner and tried to irish whip spike through it  but bubba dashed in and blocked his brother . bubba caught fire and lifted both opponents into back body drops  bubba slammed guerrero and spike stomped on the wolverine from off the top rope . bubba held benoit at bay for spike to soar into the wassup  headbutt  shortly after  benoit latched spike in the crossface  but the match continued even after spike tapped out . bubba came to his brother  s rescue and managed to sprawl benoit on a table . bubba leapt from the middle rope  but benoit moved and sent bubba crashing through the wood  but because his opponents didn  t force him through the table  bubba was allowed to stay in the match . the first man was eliminated shortly after  though  as spike put eddie through a table with a dudley dawg from the ring apron to the outside  benoit put spike through a table moments later to even the score . within seconds  bubba nailed a bubba bomb that put benoit through a table and gave the dudleys the win  winner bubba ray and spike dudley  br    br   match   cruiserweight championship jamie noble vs billy kidman billy kidman challenged jamie noble  who brought nidia with him to the ring  for the cruiserweight championship . noble and kidman locked up and tumbled over the ring  but raced back inside and grappled some more . when kidman thwarted all noble  s moves  noble fled outside the ring where nidia gave him some encouragement . the fight spread outside the ring and noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger . kidman tossed nidia aside but was taken down with a modified arm bar . noble continued to attack kidman  s injured arm back in the ring . kidman  s injured harm hampered his offense  but he continued to battle hard . noble tried to put kidman away with a powerbomb but the challenger countered into a facebuster . kidman went to finish things with a shooting star press  but noble broke up the attempt . kidman went for the shooting star press again  but this time noble just rolled out of harm  s way . noble flipped kidman into a power bomb soon after and got the pin to retain his wwe cruiserweight championship  winner jamie noble  br    br   match   european championship william regal vs jeff hardy william regal took on jeff hardy next in an attempt to win back the european championship . jeff catapulted regal over the top rope then took him down with a hurracanrana off the ring apron . back in the ring  jeff hit the whisper in the wind to knock regal for a loop . jeff went for the swanton bomb  but regal got his knees up to hit jeff with a devastating shot . jeff managed to surprise regal with a quick rollup though and got the pin to keep the european championship  regal started bawling at seeing hardy celebrate on his way back up the ramp . winner jeff hardy  br    br   match   chris jericho vs john cena chris jericho had promised to end john cena  s career in their match at vengeance  which came up next . jericho tried to teach cena a lesson as their match began by suplexing him to the mat . jericho continued to knock cena around the ring until his cockiness got the better of him . while on the top rope  jericho began to showboat and allowed cena to grab him for a superplex  cena followed with a tilt  a  whirl slam but was taken down with a nasty dropkick to the gut . the rookie recovered and hit a belly to belly suplex but couldn  t put y  j away . jericho launched into the lionsault but cena dodged the move . jericho nailed a bulldog and then connected on the lionsault  but did not go for the cover . he goaded cena to his feet so he could put on the walls of jericho . cena had other ideas  reversing the move into a pin attempt and getting the       jericho went berserk after the match . winner john cena  br    br   match   intercontinental championship rvd vs brock lesnar via disqualification the next big thing and mr . pay  per  view tangled with the intercontinental championship on the line . brock grabbed the title from the ref and draped it over his shoulder momentarily while glaring at rvd . van dam  s quickness gave brock fits early on . the big man rolled out of the ring and kicked the steel steps out of frustration . brock pulled himself together and began to take charge . with paul heyman beaming at ringside  brock slammed rvd to the hard floor outside the ring . from there  brock began to overpower rvd  throwing him with ease over the top rope . rvd landed painfully on his back  then had to suffer from having his spine cracked against the steel ring steps . the fight returned to the ring with brock squeezing rvd around the ribs . rvd broke away and soon after leveled brock with a kick to the temple . rvd followed with the rolling thunder but brock managed to kick out after a two  count . the fight looked like it might be over soon as rvd went for a five  star frog splash . brock  though  hoisted van dam onto his shoulder and went for the f    but rvd whirled brock into a ddt and followed with the frog splash  he went for the pin  but heyman pulled the ref from the ring  the ref immediately called for a disqualification and soon traded blows with heyman  after  rvd leapt onto brock from the top rope and then threatened to hit the van terminator  heyman grabbed rvd  s leg and brock picked up the champ and this time connected with the f   onto a steel chair  winner rvd  br    br   match   booker t vs the big show booker t faced the big show one  on  one next . show withstood booker t  s kicks and punches and slapped booker into the corner . after being thrown from the ring  booker picked up a chair at ringside  but big show punched it back into booker  s face . booker tried to get back into the game by choking show with a camera cable at ringside . booker smashed a tv monitor from the spanish announcers  position into show  s skull  then delivered a scissors kick that put both men through the table  booker crawled back into the ring and big show staggered in moments later . show grabbed booker  s throat but was met by a low blow and a kick to the face . booker climbed the top rope and nailed a somersaulting leg drop to get the pin  winner booker t  br    br   announcement triple h entered the ring to a thunderous ovation as fans hoped to learn where the game would end up competing . before he could speak  eric bishoff stopped the game to apologize for getting involved in his personal business . if triple h signed with raw  bischoff promised his personal life would never come into play again . bischoff said he  s spent the past two years networking in hollywood . he said everyone was looking for the next breakout wwe superstar  and they were all talking about triple h . bischoff guaranteed that if triple h signed with raw  he  d be getting top opportunities coming his way . stephanie mcmahon stepped out to issue her own pitch . she said that because of her personal history with triple h  the two of them know each other very well . she said the two of them were once unstoppable and they can be again . bischoff cut her off and begged her to stop . stephanie cited that triple h once told her how bischoff said triple h had no talent and no charisma . bischoff said he was young at the time and didn  t know what he had  but he still has a lot more experience that stephanie . the two continued to bicker back and forth  until triple h stepped up with his microphone . the game said it would be easy to say  screw you  to either one of them . triple h went to shake bischoff  s hand  but pulled it away . he said he would rather go with the devil he knows  rather than the one he doesn  t know . before he could go any further  though  shawn michaels came out to shake things up . hbk said the last thing he wanted to do was cause any trouble . he didn  t want to get involved  but he remembered pledging to bring triple h to the nwo . hbk said there  s nobody in the world that triple h is better friends with . hbk told his friend to imagine the two back together again  making bischoff  s life a living hell . triple h said that was a tempting offer . he then turned and hugged hbk  making official his switch to raw  triple h and hbk left  and bischoff gloated over his victory . bischoff said the difference between the two of them is that he  s got testicles and she doesn  t . stephanie whacked bischoff on the side of the head and left   br    br   match   tag team championship match christian and lance storm vs hollywood hogan and edge the match started with loud  usa  chants and with hogan shoving christian through the ropes and out of the ring . the canadians took over from there . but edge scored a kick to christian  s head and planted a facebuster on storm to get the tag to hogan . hogan began to hulk up and soon caught christian with a big boot and a leg drop  storm broke up the count and christian tossed hogan from the ring where storm superkicked the icon . edge tagged in soon after and dropped both opponents . he speared both of them into the corner turnbuckles  but missed a spear on strom and hit the ref hard instead . edge nailed a ddt  but the ref was down and could not count . test raced down and took down hogan then leveled edge with a boot . storm tried to get the pin  but edge kicked out after two . riksihi sprinted in to fend off test  allowing edge to recover and spear storm . christian distracted the ref  though  and y  j dashed in and clocked edge with the tag team championship  storm rolled over and got the pinfall to win the title  winners and new tag team champions christian and lance storm  br    br   match   wwe undisputed championship triple threat match . the rock vs kurt angle and the undertaker three of wwe  s most successful superstars lined up against each other in a triple threat match with the undisputed championship hanging in the balance . taker and the rock got face to face with kurt angle begging for some attention off to the side . he got attention in the form of a beat down form the two other men . soon after  taker spilled out of the ring and the rock brawled with angle . angle gave a series of suplexes that took down rock  but the great one countered with a ddt that managed a two  count . the fight continued outside the ring with taker coming to life and clotheslining angle and repeatedly smacking the rock . taker and rock got into it back into the ring  and taker dropped the rock with a sidewalk slam to get a two  count . rock rebounded  grabbed taker by the throat and chokeslammed him  angle broke up the pin attempt that likely would have given the rock the title . the rock retaliated by latching on the ankle lock to kurt angle . angle reversed the move and rock bottomed the people  s champion . soon after  the rock disposed of angle and hit the people  s elbow on the undertaker . angle tried to take advantage by disabling the great one outside the ring and covering taker  who kicked out after a two count . outside the ring  rock took a big swig from a nearby water bottle and spewed the liquid into taker  s face to blind the champion . taker didn  t stay disabled for long  and managed to overpower rock and turn his attention to angle . taker landed a guillotine leg drop onto angle  laying on the ring apron . the rock picked himself up just in time to break up a pin attempt on kurt angle . taker nailed rock with a ddt and set him up for a chokeslam . angle tried sneaking up with a steel chair  but taker caught on to that tomfoolery and smacked it out of his hands . the referee got caught in the ensuing fire and didn  t see angle knock taker silly with a steel chair . angle went to cover taker as the rock lay prone  but the dead man somehow got his shoulder up . angle tried to pin rock  but he too kicked out . the rock got up and landed angle in the sharpshooter  angle looked like he was about to tap  but taker kicked the rock out of the submission hold . taker picked rock up and crashed him with the last ride . while the dead man covered him for the win  angle raced in and picked taker up in the ankle lock  taker went delirious with pain  but managed to counter . he picked angle up for the last ride  but angle put on a triangle choke  it looked like taker was about to pass out  but the rock broke angle  s hold only to find himself caught in the ankle lock . rock got out of the hold and watched taker chokeslam angle . rocky hit the rock bottom  but taker refused to go down and kicked out . angle whirled taker up into the angle slam but was rock bottomed by the great one and pinned  winner and new wwe champion the rock  br    br   finally there is a decent ppv  lately the ppv weren  t very good  but this one was a winner . i give this ppv a a   br    br    
why did this movie fail commercially  it  s got a sharp script  by ron shelton  and great performances by kurt russell and  especially  robin williams  in a brilliant manic nerd turn that  s different from any of his other work . a great renter .  
kurt russell is at his best as the man who lives off his past glories  reno hightower . robin williams is his polar opposite in a rare low key performance as jack dundee . he dropped the big pass in more ways than one .  br    br   you  ll see some of the most quotable scenes ever put into one film  as jack hisses at a rat  reno poses  and the call of the caribou goes out .  br    br   don  t miss this classic that isn  t scared to show football in the mud the way it should be played  note to the nfl  .  
have you ever in your life  gone out for a sport  s activity  tried your best  and then found yourself in an important segment of it  where for a brief moment  you were given a chance to be a hero and a champion and . . . failed  i believe many of us have had that moment in our lives . this is the premise of the movie   the best of times .  in this story a middle age banker  named jack dundee  robin williams  suffers from the deep melancholy of a football mistake  which happened years ago  is inspired to re  play the game . . again . in order to accomplish this he must convince the once great football quarterback  reno hightower  kurt russell  to make a comeback . for reno  who is satisfied with his present lot in life  see  s no need to change the past record  which get  s better as he ages . added to both their problem is the fact years have passed and in addition  both their marriages are floundering and in need of re  vamping . not easy when his father  in  law  donald moffat  habitually reminds him of the biggest drop . nevertheless  dundee is persistent and will do anything to try and correct the greatest blunder of his life . great fun for anyone wishing to enjoy their youth again .   
i guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point . and that  s exactly what embarrassed taft resident jack dundee  robin williams  intends to do in  the best of times  . yep  the man who went all crazy with the radio in  good morning  vietnam  is playing football . in this case  he seeks to replay a game that cost his high school a prestigious title . but ex  teammate reno hightower  kurt russell  isn  t just going to go along with it so easily .  br    br   granted  it  s not the best movie for either man . but williams and russell are actually a pretty good comedy team . and some of the names in this movie are likely to give you the giggles  to say the least  . check it out .  
saw this in the theater in    and fell out of my chair laughing more than once .  beirut  . . .  what do you know about beirut   . . .  beirut . . . he  s the best damn baseball player who ever lived .   br    br   you know how it  s going to end but it has a great time getting there . the training scenes are very funny but the best scene may be the one when jack and reno are attempting to watch the falcons v . vikings monday night football game while attempting a make  up dinner with their wives .  br    br   williams and russell seem to have a lot of fun with this one and it  s too bad that it  s overlooked as a top notch comedy .  
this movie surprised me  it had good one  liners and laughs   a nonstop action  packed storyline with tons of gun action and explosions . this movie surprisingly had a lot of good twists and turns . the plot is solid despite what others may think  it kept my interest the whole time right up till the very end . in conclusion this is a great way for an action movie buff to spend time on .  
this movie has everything you want from an action movie . explosions  shootouts  bad guys and worse guys . it is fun to see james belushi using his humor to get out of the trouble he has gotten himself in to since he stole   million dollars from the ultimate big boss  the skipper . does this sounds cheesy . of course it is . but boy  did i have fun watching this movie . it is a whole lot better than all the direct to dvd garbage that is made nowadays . if you can get over the silly plot than you will find out that this movie has quite a few surprises in store . you could argue about the twists being predictable . but the fast pace of this movie doesn  t give you time too think too much of them  which is a blessing since this movie is not about revealing the ultimate twist . but more about the journey to that moment . only the title is a bit misleading and that could be the reason why so many people hated this movie . they probably expected a movie about mobsters in stead of some crooks double crossing each other . pure fun   
what a good film  made men is a great action movie with lots of twists and turns . james belushi is very good as an ex hood who has stolen   million from the boss who has to fend of the gangsters  hillbillies his wife and the local sheriff  timothy dalton  . you wont be disappointed  jump on board and enjoy the ride .  out of    
this movie surprised me in a good way . from the box i got the impression that it was an action thriller but it was too funny to be a thriller  even though it was somewhat exciting .  br    br   there  s a lot of nice one  liners and funny situations in this movie and james belushi was born to do bill manucci  he does a great job . the rest of the cast ain  t half  bad either and especially timothy dalton is a treat .  br    br   the story can get pretty confusing at times as new characters shows up during the film . things get more complicated as nobody seldom tells the truth about things . if you don  t pay attention things might get a bit messy in the end but i really liked it .  br    br   louis morneau isn  t all that well known but he has done a perfectly ok job with this one and i never really grew impatient while watching the movie .  br    br   made men is well worth checking out .  
i bought this movie a few days ago  and thought that it would be a pretty shitty film . but when i popped it into the dvd  player  it surprised me in a very good way . james belushi plays very well as bill  the mouth  manuccie . but especially timothy dalton plays a very good roll as the sheriff . the  end  scene  in the house of bill is very excellent  good camera  work  nice dialogues and very good acting . bill  the mouth  manuccie has stolen   million dollars from the mafia . together with his wife he lives in south  carolina in a witness protection program . but the mafia tracks him down  and wants the   million dollar . bill can only trust the only person he knows inside out  himself .  
firstly let me say that i didn  t like the fact that the rock won the title that is so gay . next i feel regal should have got back his european title  jeff hardy is a crappy champ . rob van dam had the intercontinental title too long already brock should have won it . i am pleased with storm and christian being tag champs  best match was the booker t and big show match in my opinion .  
i was hoping this was going to be good as a fan of timothy dalton  s james bond and although it wasn  t his deserved   rd bond outing  it was a laugh . belushi brought some good humour to his part and dalton hammed it up nicely  but was probably underused . his part was liked a camped up version of jack nicholson in a few good men . the other brit in it was a bit shocking  but overal it was a laugh .  
great entertainment from start to the end . wonderful performances by belushi  beach  dalton  railsback . some twists and many action scenes . the movie was made for me  funny lines in the screenplay  good music . dalton as the tough sheriff and railsback as  redneck  villain  . i must recommend this film to every action  adventure fan        
in another one of bugs bunny  s hare  raisingly wacky shorts  the famous leporid works in a department store display case  when owner gildersleeve decides to stuff him . of course  this proves nearly impossible  as bugs apparently knows the store better than gildersleeve  and knows when to cross  dress  . as always  they keep everything coming at top speed  and so you have to wonder how hilarious this cartoon must have seemed when it first debuted  among other things   hare conditioned  is a fine example of how the looney tunes looked in the    s before the termite terrace crowd polished them . but don  t get me wrong  the cartoons were still really good after the refined forms arrived .  br    br   anyway  this is a great one .  br    br   leporids are rabbits and hares .  
a great bugs bunny cartoon from the earlier years has bugs as a performer in an window display at a local department store . after he  s done for the day the manager comes in to tell him that he  ll be transferring soon . bugs is happy to oblige into he figures out that the new job is in taxidermy . . . and that taxidermy has to do with stuffing animals . animals like say  a certain rabbit . this causes a battle of wits between the rascally rabbit and his now former employer . i found this short to be delightful and definitely one of the better ones of the early      s . it still remains as funny nearly    years later . this animated short can be seen on disc  of the looney tunes golden collection volume  .  br    br   my grade a   
is it a good idea to use live animals for department store window displays   br    br   no  and here  s why . . . .  br    br   in  hare conditioned  the sale that bugs is helping promote is over and the store manager  nelson  is transferring him to a new department taxidermy . naturally  bugs objects and the fun begins .  br    br   using nearly every department in the store  children  s wear  sports  shoes  costumes  women  s nightgowns  don  t ask .   bugs comes out on top at every turn  even referring to the manager as  the great gildersneeze  . even when trapped in the confines of an elevator  bugs makes the best of the situation .  br    br   director jones is on top of his pictorial game as always  as are blanc  as bugs  natch  and nelson  the manager  who does sound like radio mainstay gildersleeves  go ask your grand  parents  .  br    br   and a sage word of advice when confronted by a fuzzy  looking woman wanting to try on bathroom slippers  always check her ears .  br    br   ten stars for  hare conditioner   the best argument yet for animal labor laws .  
this  along with  hare tonic   ranks as one of the best bugs cartoons  indeed one of the best bugs  ever . there are some comments about how bugs in these cartoons is  basic   meaning  i guess  that he is as yet not fully developed . i actually prefer this  basic  version from the mid    s  chuck jones  was the best version  who is actually more rabbit  sized and far more amusing than the eventual long  legged version who towered over yosemite sam and daffy duck . the latter  day bugs came to be too suave and sophisticated for my liking . also check out  hair raising hare        and  rabbit punch        for great examples of classic bugs and classic chuck jones .  
chuck jones  s  hare conditioned  is a fast paced  often hilarious cartoon . pitting bugs bunny against a strange  yellow  skinned apartment store manager who wants to have him stuffed   hare conditioned  takes full advantage of its multi  purpose setting . the chase takes bugs and his pursuer through a variety of departments  leading to an inspired gag in which they quickly emerge from various departments wearing whatever clothes are associated with that part of the store . this great gag is trumped  however  by a truly inspired sequence involving elevators in which bugs  disguised as an elevator boy  tricks the store manager into relentlessly getting on or off elevators at the wrong time . it  s a brilliant climactic set piece which unfortunately gives way to a not very funny final gag . by that time  however   hare conditioned  has made its mark as one of the great chase films  bursting with wild energy . as bugs was becoming more refined in some of the other cartoons from this period   hare conditioned  showed that he could still be just as appealing as a more anarchic character .  
  jared diamond made a point in the first episode that other peoples of the world didn  t have animals to domesticate but europeans did  and that accounts for why we were able to make steel and invent complex machines  .    it is obvious that the person who wrote this comment hasn  t understood the reasoning behind this documentary or the original book . please don  t ruin this great piece by your simple mindedness . the reasons are far more complex than the single thing you mentioned . please read the book as is it a great source of information . i enjoyed it a lot . this book is even a taught as a text book at some universities .  
this series adds new information and background to the book and includes personal appearances by the author and by archaeologists and other anthropologists . it brings the book to life and makes even more sense of the author  s subsequent opus  collapse .  br    br   diamond himself comes off as personable and caring  not just a disinterested or disengaged academic . this series makes it clear that his book was not just a response to a need to  publish or perish   as the saying goes about academe  but a deeply considered answer to a question from someone he respects   why you white people got so much cargo  and we have so little   because he respected the intelligence of the questioner and his community  diamond looked for an answer that didn  t insult that intelligence or that community . i like to think of his answer in a very simple way  in the same spirit as  south park  s   blame canada    blame wheat    
having read diamond  s book  i was slightly disappointed in the series  but all in all  it is quite informative . reading the other comments  it is comforting to know that the  culture warriors  are hard at work  seeing  attacks  on  western civilization  under every rug .  br    br   is diamond a little preachy  sure . like a lot of academics  he sees his theory as the most important thing ever . he uses the phrase  guns  germs  and steel  at seemingly every opportunity during the series . we get it  after about the first   minutes .  br    br   is diamond a little simplistic  in the series   sure . the part about the spaniards in south america is particularly amusing  condensing some very long  complicated history down to  smallpox  swords  and horses   wrapping up the whole conquest of south america in about   minutes . but the point remains valid  these things did in fact contribute  but not totally define  the reasons for the spaniard  s success against the established cultures .  br    br   is he preaching against western civilization in any way  nope . not a word . not to my ear . all he says is that luck played a large part in determining which cultures advanced more quickly  not that luck is the only reason .  br    br   in the end  if you  re looking for something that validates your own sense of superiority  then this series is not for you . but if you are interested in all of the factors than influence how societies succeed or fail  this series presents a useful interpretation of the historical evidence .  
i have seen a lot of ppv  s in the past but this is the most entertaining  intense ppv and the most complete dvd i have ever seen . the dvd extras are worth it because they it gives a different view of how the wrestlers act after the show  such as the chris benoit interview  edge interview   some glimpse into the monday night wars era  the first match of hogan winning tag title gold and some promotional talk . additionally there is a good music video .  br    br    . tag team table match bubby ray and spike dudley vs . eddie guerro and chris benoit     this was a pretty good intense match to start off the show . not too many holds and just pure raw physicallity . spike can hold his own in tables matches and guerro and benoit gave good pure wrestling skills on the mat .  br    br    . wwe crusierweight championship jamie noble w  nidia v . billy kidman     the crowd really didn  t care about either wrestler and didn  t get interested until kidman did a shooting star press . usually people expect a lot of high flying in a cruiser weight championship  but this had very little . in fact it was so bad that when noble hit his finisher  no one even cared or knew  you can tell by the lack of camera  s flashing  . the ending was quick though .  br    br    . wwe european championship jeff hardy v . william regal     i  ve never really liked regal as a wrestler  he lacks intensity and style . hardy was impressive but really didn  t get a chance to show off his high flying act  although he still performed some good counters and added that needed fast pace to the match . it ended off quickly which was perfect for this match .  br    br    . john cena v . chris jericho     it  s funny looking back at cena  s very first ppv  how he used to act  how he used to dress  and how he used to look  watch his interview  it  s pretty funny  . this was a good intense match with cena showing a nice variety of holds  suplexes  counters and some aerial . jericho was sub  par but definitely helped cena launch his career . cena wins .  br    br    . wwe intercontenital championship rvd v . brock lesnar     this was a very intense and good match . both wrestlers styles really matched up well on the screen  with brocks pure power and raw energy vs . rvds skill full moves and quickness . rvd looked great in this match  better than his later matches with edge and cena  and the entire match was fast pace . the ending worked perfectly because it still preserved brock  s undefeated streak while giving rvd his just desserts in his home state .  br    br    . no disqualification match booker t v . big show     another solid match that lacked a certain intensity as the rvd match but still a good follow up . although it started off kinda slow  which it always is with big show  booker t was impressive and did a sick move on the announcers table . the finisher was awesome  the ending was a great upset and big move up for booker t .  br    br    . wwe tag team championship hogan and edge v . christian and lance storm     this was a mediocre match . hogan comes out like usual to a huge pop but his variety of moves lacks that intensity and energy . then again christian doesn  t exactly have the greatest athletic abilities himself . this ended up being a mediocre match at best but was still ok for ppv .  br    br    . triple threat match for the undisputed championship      . rock v . undertaker v . kurt angle .  br    br   easily the match of the year . this is by far the best triple threat match i have ever seen . it had close falls  plenty of finishers  stolen finishers  raw energy  intensity and fast pace . no one could predict who would come out of this one . if your going to buy this dvd i would buy it strictly for this match .  ending  watch for yourself    br    br   overall this was a solid ppv with plenty of extra goodies to keep you watching again and again . although this is hard to find  i had to pay a little more than usual for this dvd  it is definitely worth your money .  
this is a documentary i came across by chance on the uk tv channel more  and i have to say i found it extremely interesting and thought provoking . i will also be seeking out the book that was the source material for this documentary . basically this is professor jared diamond theory on why certain parts of the earth  s societies prospered and others did not . the argument he presents was new to me and argued about how the fortune of the right crops and the right animals that where able to domesticated is certainly a compelling one . as for the documentary itself it is well shot and well narrated with not to much of the re  created scenes that spoil many a modern documentary . diamond also helps by not being to condescending which is a fault of a lot of intellectuals when trying to get a message to the masses . people have claimed his theory is marxist but i do not buy this and see it more socio geologist . it was also refreshing to hear an theory on the evolution of society not based around religion . highly recommended viewing .  
the documentary presents an original theory about  guns  germs and steel  . the series graphically portray several episodes strongly supporting the theory  and defend the theory against common criticism .  br    br   i was deeply puzzled to find user comments complaining about lack of new information in these series . they say documentary presents information which is taught in middle school . indeed  it does . in fact  i greatly enjoyed the original look at the information which i have known since middle school and the unexpected analysis .  br    br   so  if you like knowing why things work  if you have taken apart the telephone trying to determine how it worked  if you have gone to the farm to see how farm works and how cows are milked  you will enjoy this series . a definite recommendation .  
don  t know if this contains any spoilers or not  but i don  t want to risk being blacklisted until the year     .  br    br   i disagree entirely with the viewer comments that have described guns  germs and steel as  politically correct  and  neo  marxist .  they cannot have watched the same series that i did .  br    br   the series i watched depicted the history of european colonisation in the americas and southern africa with no particular inaccuracies . i saw nothing in the series that portrayed europeans as bad people who happened to be lucky  though europeans often were lucky  and there  s nothing wrong with luck . neither did i see native peoples portrayed as poor little innocent things . if anything  the inca was rather arrogant  as you would expect any leader would be when dealing with foreigners  if his country has not been conquered in living memory by any other world power .  br    br   i certainly saw nothing that could be construed as marxist or neo  marxist  except by the most incredibly elastic of imaginations .  br    br   otherwise  many african peoples do have a built  in immunity to malaria and other tropical diseases that europeans lack . at the time they were at the height of their successes  the aztec  maya and inca civilisations were as advanced as any other in the world  and as wealthy sometimes more so . aboriginal american and khoi  san populations were decimated by smallpox and other diseases introduced by europeans just as european colonists were decimated by tropical diseases like malaria .  note the khoi  san peoples are completely different from all other sub  saharan african peoples .   br    br   so  i don  t see what some of the other commentators are complaining about . the only thing i can find to complain about is that the series doesn  t tell me anything i did not know by the time i finished seventh grade . there  s really nothing new in the way of historical information in this film . it does  however  present some nice dramatisations of events  such as the conquest of the incas the production values are very high and it fills in a few holes here and there that didn  t get covered in mrs . gruber  s sixth hour social studies class at milan middle school .  br    br   if you rent or buy this  assuming you had a decent primary and  or secondary school education  you won  t learn anything new  but you will have an enjoyable and entertaining time reviewing what you already learned  or should have learned  by the time you hit high school .  
rock star inxs was the best music tv series i have ever watched  it had some of the greatest rock n  roll songs ever written  performed by   very talented singers  performers . it also had  in my opinion  the most heart  felt  feel  good  surprise endings in all of reality tv . it actually made me shed tears of happiness for the winner    over the   weeks of this televised competition  the viewing audience got to know and became familiar with all of the contestants . after    some episodes the remaining contestants seemed more like friends than just some more strangers competing against each other on a reality tv show . and the fact that inxs was  and still is  one of the greatest rock n  roll bands ever just added to the emotional tension created by this wonderful reality series . if you don  t have the series recorded  rock star inxs the dvd is a great alternative .  
as has been well documented by previous posters  the real stars of rockstar inxs  and  indeed it  s sequel  rockstar supernova  are paul mirkovich  rafael moreira  jim mcgorman  nate morton and sasha krivtsov . don  t know who they are  they are the awesome  tight  rockin  house band whose music savvy and talent made this show something more than a sad american idol clone .  br    br   remember the  strings  night  that was musical precision and perfection if ever i  ve seen it . suzie mcneil  s epic rendition of queen  s  bohemian rhapsody   ty taylor  s memorable cover of the stones   you can  t always get . . .   jd fortune singing  suspicious minds  . the common denominator here is the awesome house band .  br    br   as good as inxs were in their prime  they are sadly a shadow of their former selves  though jd  s live performance has somewhat breathed new life into their music  this show is all about the hb .  br    br   memo to producers season three  if we  re blessed enough to have it happen  should be rockstar house band . get those boys a good lead singer and they are going places .  
i don  t quite know how to explain  darkend room   because to summarize it wouldn  t really do it justice . it  s a quintessentially lynchian short film with two beautiful girls in a strange  mysterious situation . i would say this short is definitely more on the  mulholland drive  end of the lynchian spectrum  as opposed to  the elephant man  or  the straight story .  it  s hidden on lynch  s website  and well worth the search .  
this is almost typical lynch . however  what makes this film slightly unusual for lynch is the fact that it looks very raw  almost amateurish . but i believe lynch does this on purpose to give a greater sense of realism  which serves to increase the intensity of surreal moments .  br    br   however  a lot of typical lynch motifs are present  such as floating camera work haunting music long  excruciating  pauses hanging curtains dim lights growing darker at a slow  almost indiscernible  pace extreme close ups themes of women in trouble over  bearing  incompassionate  all knowing characters facing off with characters who are distraught  temporarily oblivious  in the dark and so on . . .  br    br   the performances are great and the short is thought provoking . as usual  lynch leaves almost everything up to interpretation . many questions are left unanswered and this ignites the imagination .  br    br   another brilliant effort from lynch . i only hope he makes some shorts  more along the lines of his sony playstation  commercials . they were inspired .  
it  s a short movie from david lynch with just  minutes  but it got all the  lynchian ingredients   it  s mysterious  dark  inconclusive  eerie  and strange and before the blond girl starts to talk it  s even a bit scary  the soundtrack is exceptional to create this odd atmosphere because it  s also sinister and mysterious  br    br   about the setting itself  it hasn  t the  traditional  red curtains  but it has socking purple painted walls  which give it an equally effect of eeriness .  br    br   the plot is about a girl who  s locked in a dark room and she cries for help then comes another girl who starts talking to her in a mysterious way  saying she  s there just because of her fault we don  t know what did happen or what will happen next it ended unsolved and puzzling  as a good lynch movie must end   br    br   it  s a great short  despite some amateurish acting . the girls are professional actresses  but i think their acting could have been better in this short .  
i really think that people are taking the wrong approach at this one . first of all  i find this short  film very entertaining and interesting . i just take it for what it is . i think the suspense and mystery are ingenious in their insinuation upon the watcher . one other thing that caught my fancy was that it immediately gets the viewer involved even though there is no clear story  just hints and pauses and emotions played out by the characters that kind of give you the impression that there is a story to all that is going on . no  one else could have done that better than lynch . this is the essence of lynchianism at its best . sure  i will agree with anyone that people that start viewing this with the desire to be entertained without any really imaginative work from the viewer  s side  will find themselves disappointed . and in good right . lynch is not about that . at least this side of lynch is not . the one that helped make lost highway  mulholland dr . is at full tilt here and people that just expect to be entertained like they would watching anything else  will just not get what this is all about . my opinion is that darkened room is all about messing with your animal  core  your instinctual self  by giving you the means  image  sound  situation  by which you instinctively react . it  s not about pleasure of any kind  it  s about getting the desired reaction out of you . and  that  my friend  is pure art .  
hello  this little film is interesting especially for an artist  film  maker or music creator or a visual artist  for  br    br   one can feel and examine david  s touch  style straight out of a short piece of relative simplicity .  br    br   you can see the rhythmic spacing of the shots  the pans and the sound elements .  br    br   even as simple film  this creation is multy  layer . for example  there are some sounds that drone all along  while others appear  though subtle   at certain points to support certain shots .  br    br   one can see also several types of pans some go up and down in a gentle back  forth way . there is diagonal pan . zooms also go back and forth sometimes .  br    br   the lightning and the composition  disposition of elements in the space is  as usual and obviously  work of a painer  artist . this can be felt even in this crappy room . this is to say one can make exquisite art already by the simple art of placing the look  view and composing the scene . then comes the forcelines of the visuals like digonales  parallels  etc . the light  s degrades and the colours  although without too much research for textures as in big productions  are fine too . this is an artist  s sketch of a sort . . .  br    br   all this is not calculated but done with inner feeling and this feel gives the david  s touch  feel to it  as with any true artist .  
this might be the wwe  s  nd best ppv of the year after wrestlemania it was a good suprise  john cena had an excellent match in which he upset chris jericho . jeff hardy retained his ic title in a short sloppy match with willam regal . bubba  spike dudley won a fairly violent tables match over benoit  guerrero . jamie noble had a really good match with kidman which was suprising to me . booker t defeated the big show in a no dq match  at one point booker t gave the scissors kick to big show and sent him right through the table . in a stupid decision by the wwe christian and lance storm  the jealous anti  americans defeated hogan and edge with a lot of help from test and jericho . rvd and brock had the match of the night it was filled with great high spots and rvd got to retain his ic title through a dq so i was happy he kept the title . triple h also signed with eric bischoff and raw which means little to nothing . and in the main event the rock became the first ever   time wwe world champion defeating both kurt angle  undertaker in a triple threat match . overall this is probably the wwe  s  nd best ppv of           
david lynch  s new short is a very  lynchian  piece  full of darkness  tension  silences  discreet but very textured background music  and features again two beautiful actresses  a blonde and a brunette  a recurrent theme in his work .  br    br   both characters create a very intriguing slave  mistress relationship that could be seen as a direct follow up to the same kind of relationship featured in mulholland dr .  br    br   beautiful . for lynch fan  s .  br    br    
this is a very intriguing short movie by david lynch  and saying the name david lynch is probably enough for a lot of people . this is your typical lynch short . a blonde and a brunette are in a dark room . the blonde has been crying  the brunette is talking in a threatening way to the blonde  and that  s about it .  br    br   with a lot of silent moments  but with the haunting music from angelo badalamenti  there is a strange form of suspense . this short feels a little like  mulholland dr .   a movie i loved  and therefore i liked this one as well . it is probably especially for lynch fans but there is a chance you like this .  
i am going to go out on a limb  and actually defend  shades of grey  as a good clip  show episode  which delved into the life and death struggle of commander william thomas riker who was battling a terminally fatal disease .  br    br   the scenes from the flashback sequences were implemented quite well with the mood riker was in such as when he was reliving his romantic episodes such as             angel one   and  up the long ladder .  tragic moments were highlighted such as tasha  s death in  skin of evil   as well as elements of pulse  pounding danger in  heart of glory    conspiracy   and the aforementioned  skin of evil .  riker also exhibited courage under fire by telling some humorous jokes such as  an ancestor of mine was bitten by a rattlesnake once . . . after  days of intense pain  the snake died .  this episode highlighted the psychological ordeal of will riker under extreme duress . and  yes  i am biased in my opinion in proclaiming  shades of grey  as a solid episode  because at the time of its original airing  my face was covered in sweat  wondering whether or not riker would pullout of it alive and live to see other great  galactic  outerspace adventures beyond the final frontier . . .  br    br   of course  in subsequent years  i seem to have formed a singular opinion of this particular episode . . . but  if an award should go for  the best clip  show episode in the history of television   then i believe that this episode should be highly regarded in that respect .  
i am watching the series back to back as fast as possible . i am attempting to watch all things star trek . this is month  and i am now on season  of tng and i have already gone thru ds  in its entirety . star trek is the greatest television phenomenon ever achieved .  br    br    shades of grey  is the first recap episode in the tng series . having just watched the shows  these clips were fresh in my mind  but i noticed how a couple of them were re  shot because the film looked better . season  always seemed real dark and ugly to me  and the actors looked silly  like they didn  t fit in their own skins .  br    br   the show is essentially just made of up a greatest hits of the happiest and saddest moments in riker  s life on the enterprise up until this point . the data and riker scene in the holo  deck is a classic moment of new friendship . my other favorite is when the  nd officer on the klingon ship challenges riker  s authority as first officer and riker beat the living crap out of that klingon . then the admiral kicks his a but good . this entire episode is a heck of a reminder that a lot of crazy  great things have happened already in a mere  seasons with  more to go and a handful of movies  at this point in the series they are really starting to develop the emotions that tie riker to deanna troi as imzadi . up until this point they have mentioned the fact  but they have yet to exploit it . let the record show that the st wiki  memory alpha claims that imzadi means  first  and denotes that she has had intimate relations with riker and also remains deeply close on an emotional one . this episode further proves there will be a tense romantic interest in each other for a long time to come .  br    br   here is the article http   memory  alpha . org  en  wiki  imzadi by this point in the series  production value is up to speed and star trek tng is settling into the sci  fi behemoth it was destined to become . watching this again as an adult i see now what great actors the star trek universe provides . they really need to make a new st show set after all the current shows . a ds  movie would have been nice too .  
this is quite the gripping  fascinating  tragic story . quite good  and for the most part pretty accurate  considering it is a tv movie rather than a documentary . they did create some fictional characters  and combine several actual people into one character  but otherwise this is a good telling of a very tragic and dark story .  br    br   the final moments of the movie  depicting the mass suicide  murder  are almost directly taken from an audio recording made by jim jones . this recording was made during the final   minutes of the peoples temple  s existence . it is available in several places on the internet . this portion of the film is almost spot on in that regard .  br    br   to sum up  a documentary this is not . however  it does cover most of the base elements to the people  s temple story .  
i will never forget this film or the events that lead up to jonestown in guyana . it just seems so tragic but needs to be told . powers boothe give a commanding performance as the leader rev . jim jones from obscurity until total madness . it would have won him an academy award easily if it was released in the movie theaters . it is the kind of mini  series you won  t forget . you won  t forget the images of the cult  s brutality  control  and obsessiveness of it  s leader . his rise and fall and the threat from the outside world to destroy what he considered to be paradise . the mass suicide is horrifying  almost unreal to anybody  s imagination as to why so many people       went willingly or resisted jones  orders . they don  t make mini series like these anymore where we  re left with out mouths open and hungry to know what happened to the others .  
just given the fact that it is based on the most infamous mass suicide incident of modern times would have been enough to give this   part     made  for  tv film attention . but the fact is that it is a superb recreation of the life of the rev . jim jones  who built a church into a virtual empire  and then encouraged it to disintegrate into a sleazy cult in which a congressman and his entourage were assassinated  and    cult followers committed suicide by drinking kool  aid doused with cyanide .  br    br   done very tastefully but horrifying enough  unlike the excruciatingly sadistic cult of the damned  guyana tragedy features an all  star cast  including ned beatty  as rep . leo ryan   meg foster  randy quaid  brad dourif  brenda vaccaro  levar burton  and madge sinclair . but it is powers boothe  in his first big role  that really stands out as jim jones . he actually becomes the man  and his performance is riveting and chilling . thus  it is no wonder that this film still manages to attract attention after more than twenty years .  
powers booth is hypnotic as cult leader jim jones who led his peoples temple followers from     until     when he led them in a mass suicide in     where over    died . a very well done movie which may seem a little dated due to the   s time period but well worth the time  of    
i  ve seen this film literally over    times . . . it  s absolutely jam  packed with entertainment    powers boothe gives a stellar performance . as a fan of actors such as william shatner  impulse       and ron liebmann  up the academy       i never thought an actor could capture the  intensity  like shatner and liebmann in those roles  until i saw boothe as jim jones  as far as i  m concerned  powers boothe is jim jones . . . this film captures his best performance     
a well cast summary of a real event  well  actually  i wasn  t there  but i think this is how it may have been like . i think there are two typically american standpoints evident in the film  communistophobia  and parallels to adolf hitler . these should be evident to most independent observers . anyway  boothe does a great performance  and so do lots of other well  known actors . the last twenty minutes of the film are unbearable  and i mean it  anyone who can sleep well after them is abnormal .  that  s why it  s so terrible  it all happened  and it probably looked just like that  . but  actually  did that last scene on the air station really take place   
many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost . the feelings of pain  grief and sorrow can be unbearable . however  sometimes it is the memories they leave behind that trigger the saddest emotions . this theme is superbly portrayed in the short film  tulip   directed by the award winning australian actress  rachel griffths . described as a movie  as much about memories as it is about love   a string of sensitivity and sentimentality is expertly threaded into this triumphant   minute film .  br    br    tulip  is a beautifully wrought  touching and heart  warming story of a man  s journey in coming to terms with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with a very special animal   tulip  . the film opens with a rising dawn  the chirping of birds and a vast landscape  introducing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the film . a soft music plays  marking the entrance of ruth  jean bain  . she wears a flowered dress and apron with a sun hat on her head . she gently pets tulip  caressing her ears and patting her back . the furnishing of the house is impressive and the attention to detail is creditable  a vase of tulips can be seen on the bench   reflecting the peaceful rural community . will  charles  bud  tingwell  greets ruth as she is spooning the milk from the bucket . they pour the milk and coffee together  a sign of companionship and teamwork . not a word is said but it is obvious that their relationship is close and affectionate they paint a perfect picture of happiness .  br    br   sadly  happiness doesn  t last forever . the tragic passing of ruth affects will deeply . an effective scene of fading cars highlights will  s isolation and vulnerability at the end of the day of the funeral . soon he sinks into depression and becomes oblivious to his surroundings when everything seems hopeless and lost . at will  s moment of despair  tulip becomes the symbol of ruth  the genuine connection will has with his late wife . it was through tulip that will learns to cope with the absence of ruth and overcome the heartrending feelings of loneliness .  br    br   each of the characters is realistically and solidly portrayed  especially the part of will . charles  bud  tingwell brings the character to life through personal investment . the recent loss of his own wife  audrey tingwell  is effectively reflected in his acting . every sag of his shoulder and every frown on his brow make the viewer empathize strongly with the character . the character of ruth is wonderfully carried out by jean bain . although ruth does not say a single word throughout the movie  her sweet personality and loving relationship with will are obvious . lois ramsey and kati edwards give delightful performances in supporting roles as the friendly margaret and mary . they also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story .  br    br   an anecdote from griffths  childhood  the story of loss and discovery is remarkably captured in  tulip  . beautifully shot and superbly acted  this film will surely make you misty eyed  triumphant or feel like drinking a cup of milk .  
lars von trier  s europa is a worthy echo of the third man  about an american coming to post  world war ii europe and finds himself entangled in a dangerous mystery .  br    br   jean  marc barr plays leopold kessler  a german  american who refused to join the us army during the war  arrives in frankfurt as soon as the war is over to work with his uncle as a sleeping car conductor on the zentropa railway . what he doesn  t know is the war is still secretly going on with an underground terrorist group called the werewolves who target american allies . leopold is strongly against taking any sides  but is drawn in and seduced by katharina hartmann  barbara sukowa   the femme fatale daughter of the owner of the railway company . her father was a nazi sympathizer  but is pardoned by the american colonel harris  eddie considine  because he can help get the german transportation system up and running again . the colonel soon enlists  or forces  leopold to be a spy  without giving him a choice or chance to think about it  to see if the werewolves might carry out attacks on the trains .  br    br   soon  leopold is stuck in an adventure by being involved with both sides of the conflict in a mysterious and film noir  ish way  where everyone and everything is not what it seems . its amazing to watch the naive leopold deal with everything  his lover  the terrorists  the colonel  annoying passengers  his disgruntled uncle  even the railway company  s officials who come to examine his work ethic  before he finally boils over and humorously and violently takes control . the film is endlessly unpredictable .  br    br   the film stylishly shot  it always takes place at night during the winter with lots of falling snow . its shot in black and white with shots of color randomly appearing throughout . also  background screens displaying images that counter act with the images up front . add max von sydow  s hypnotic narration  and europa becomes a dreamlike place that  s out of this world .  br    br   this is now a personal favorite film of mine .  
powers boothe turns in a stellar performance as      s cult figure jim jones of the peoples temple . jones physical likeness to jones is uncanny and the story is acted out chillingly . the movie keeps you riveted and is a must see for anyone . check it out .  
i read a few reviews of this tv movie which all said that the film dragged on for too long and that it was basically only sensationalistic entertainment . i agree that perhaps  the film goes on a bit too long   h   would have been enough . . .  but i certainly do not think it sensationalize the subject matter . jim jones  expansive power trip and slow degradation into mental illness  paranoia and drug abuse are never treated in a voyeuristic manner . the movie takes its time in showing how jones recruited followers  brenda vaccaro  s and brad dourif  s character are stand  outs in that matter  but also in observing an uncanny shift in jones  perception of reality . it is mind  boggling to see an egalitarian  left  wing and compassionnate preacher become such a destructive and cruel dictator . perhaps the movie doesn  t explore jones  motivations enough  which can make the whole ordeal a bit superficial at times  may have to do with censorship as well . . .  but powers boothe  s mesmerizing performance makes it all come true . i am not familiar with the details of the real jim jones  life  but boothe sure makes the monster he plays believable and real . the movie features many strong scenes  among them the preaching messes of jones  jones  s meeting with father divine  a remarquable james earl jones   congressman leo ryan  ned beatty   s visit to the guyana camp and of course  the suicide scene . it is quite a gloomy spectable to watch and boothe is quite commanding in those last moments . madge sinclair shines in this scene as one of the suddenly sceptic follower  and so do veronica cartwright  as jones  wife  and brad dourif  especially when their time comes to drink the murderous potion . the relative calm of the end of this scene  the tasteful direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural surroundings all work in making those images quite impossible to erase from one  s mind . a disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses . worth watching  if only to keep in mind one of the truly horrific events of the   th century . not to let it be repeated again . like  ironically  the inscription in jim jones  camp  those who do not know the past are bound to repeat it  .  
this isn  t the best bigfoot ever made  but by the recent standards of nature gone awry movies  mostly showing on the sci  fi channel  this is quality stuff . it has some action  some humor  decent f  x and bigfoot . cg is used  but so are some practical f  x  which i like .  br    br   overall this movie is worth a watch if you are a fan of b horror  sci  fi and need a fix . it  s better than the movie sasquatch and not a sequel to it  so don  t be fooled .  br    br   the acting is better than you may expect to find in a movie like this and the directing is more than adequate . expect a bit of a lul as the characters are  developed   but know that things will pick up . if you are watching a dvd you may want to skip a chapter or two .  
  sasquatch hunters  actually wasn  t as bad as i thought .  br    br   spoilers  br    br   traveling into the woods  park rangers charles landon   kevin o  connor  roger gordon   matt latimore  brian stratton  david zelina  spencer combs   rick holland  and his sister janet   stacey branscombe  escort dr . helen gilbert   amy shelton  white  her boss dr . ethan edwards   gary sturm  and assistant louise keaton   juliana dever  to find the site of some reputed bones found in the area . when they make camp  the team discovers a giant burial ground and more strange bones littering the area . when members of the group start to disappear  they start to wander through the woods to safety . it  s discovered that a sasquatch is behind the killings  and the team band together to survive .  br    br   the good news this wasn  t as bad as i thought it would be . the movie really starts to pick up some steam at around the half  way point  when the creature attacks . that is a masterful series of scenes  as the whole group is subjected to attacks by the creature  and the suspense throughout the entire play  out is extremely high . the wooded area is most appropriately milked during these parts  heightening the tension and wondering when a single person wandering around in the forest will get their comeuppance . also spread quite liberally through the movie is the effective use of off  screen growls and roars that are truly unworldly . they really do add much to make this part so creepy  as well as the other times the growling shriek is heard . it  s quite effective  and works well . it  s quite nice that the later part of the film picks up the pace  as it goes out pretty well on a high note of action . one scene especially i feel must point out as being a special scene on first viewing . as a man is running through the forest from the creature  he spots the expedition that has gone on looking for it . raising his hands to holler to them for help  the second he goes to announce his presence is he attacked from out of nowhere and killed quite hastily . it caught me by surprise and actually gave me a little jump on first viewing .  br    br   the bad news there was only a couple things to complain about here  and one is a usual complaint . the creature here is mostly rendered by horrible cgi  which made him look totally ridiculous and destroys any credibility it might  ve had . the air of menace conjured up by the opening of the film is almost shot out the window when the creature appears on screen . it  s so distracting that it  s a shame a little more work wasn  t put into it . i  ve complained about this one a lot  and is something that really should be done away with  as it doesn  t look that realistic and is quite fake . another big one is the off  screen kills in here . very often in the film is a person grabbed and then yanked away  and then finding the bloody body afterward . it  s quite aggravating when the kills look nice and juicy afterward . otherwise  i don  t really have much of a problem with this one  as everything else that  s usually critiqued about this one didn  t really bother me  but it is called on for others beyond this stuff .  br    br   the final verdict i kinda liked this one  but it  s still not the best sasquatch movie ever . it  s not supposed to be taken seriously  and if viewed that way  it  s actually quoit enjoyable . fans of these films should give this one a look  and those that like the sci  fi creature features might find some nice things in here as well .  br    br   rated r graphic language  violence and some graphic carcasses  
rented the movie as a joke . my friends and i had so much fun laughing at it that i went and found a used copy and bought it for myself . now when all my friends are looking for a funny movie i give them sasquatch hunters . it needs to be said though there is a rule that was made that made the movie that much better . no talking is allowed while the movie is on unless the words are sasquatch repeated in a chant . i loved the credit at the end of the movie as well .  thanks for the jeep  tom   whoever tom is i say thank you because without your jeep the movie may not have been made . in short a great movie if you are looking for something to laugh at . if you want a good movie maybe look for something else but if you don  t mind a laugh at the expense of a man in a monkey suit grab yourself a copy .  
fragglerock is excellent in the way that schindler  s list was excellent . a great watch for children and adults of all genders . big noses can be seen as hinting towards phallic symbols  in the same way that h . r . puff n stuff had hinted towards marijuana smoking . your kids will love this movie . i enjoyed it very much as a child . my father showed me this movie as a child . he enjoyed it as well and pointed out that the exaggerated noses were phallic symbols . although at the time i had no clue about what those were . the movie is comedy and adventure . the storyline is wacky and cheerful . i and you shall enjoy this together .  
everything was better in past days . even children  s television . and fraggle rock proves my point quite easily . at the time of writing this comment i am fourteen years old but even in my teen years i can  t resist the charm of fraggle rock . for those of you that have indeed been living under a rock  haha    fraggle rock is about a horde of playful and goofy creatures called fraggles who live  amazingly  in a rock . but they  re not the only creatures . the rock is inhabited with many other species like the hardworking doozers and countless living plants . outside the rock on one side live inventor  scientist doc and his dog sprocket  who later befriends gobo fraggle   on the other side a family of gorgs  supposed rulers of the universe . the five main fraggles gobo  fearless leader   mokey  arty and peaceful   wembley  indecisive and a friend to gobo   boober  a pessimistic domestic god  and red  loves anything to do with sport and general feistyness  get caught up in some strange situations each episode while at the same time sing and dance their cares away .  br    br   fraggle rock is definitely a family show  the plots may have intricate details that infants may not follow well  but the song  and  dance routines will hold their attention . the characters are strong and likable  their conflicts believable and their adventures thrilling . the gorgs are frightening  doc and sprocket enlightening  uncle travelling matt hilarious  the postcard segments are very   s   and the final episode  change of address  genuinely touching . let  s go down to fraggle rock again   
after seeing dick tracy in the  .    bin at future shop i decided to give it a go with no previous knowledge and being a big fan of mafia and crime movies . i was very surprised to see a very fun  smart entertaining movie with solid performances throughout . the movie moves along well  it has of course another solid performance from warren beatty  but the real standouts of the film are al pacino and madonna . i was happy to find out that pacino was nominated for his performance as an over the top gangster trying to take down the city . madonna was great as the damsel in distress  she really impressed me and added depth to her performance . if you go in with the attitude of wanting to watch a fun  smart movie with great acting and a solid script then give dick tracy a try . i don  t think you will be disappointed . and watch for the cameos from paul sorvino  james caan  kathy bates and dustin hoffman among others .  
at one end of the eighties warren beatty created and starred in the literate epic reds about the founding of the soviet union as seen through the eyes of iconoclast radical john reed . it was a profound film both entertaining and with a message presented by an all star cast . at the end of the decade warren beatty created another kind of epic in dick tracy that makes no pretense to being anything other than entertainment with a whole bunch of the best actors around just having a great old time hamming it up under tons of makeup .  br    br   that both reds and dick tracy could come from the same individual speaks volumes about the range this man has as a player . in this film beatty managed to get all the famous cartoon characters from the strip and put them in one original screenplay .  br    br   the city  s top mobster big boy caprice is making a move to really eliminate competition . the film opens with him rubbing out lips manlis  s henchmen in a valentine massacre style shooting and then lips himself being fitted for a cement overcoat . but caprice  s moves are making him a target for tracy .  br    br   in the meantime a third mysterious and faceless individual is looking to topple caprice himself . will our hero sort out this thicket of crime   br    br   the spirit of fun this film has is truly infectious . when people like al pacino  dustin hoffman  paul sorvino  william forsythe  r . g . armstrong get themselves outrageously made  up to look like the cartoon creations of strip author chester gould and then indulge in an exercise of carving the biggest slice of ham  you  ve got to love this film .  br    br   al pacino got a nomination for best supporting actor  but any of these guys could have  it  s only that pacino as big boy caprice gets the most screen time . only beatty plays it completely straight  the others all seem to play off of him . dick tracy won oscars for best artset design  best song written by stephen sondheim and introduced by madonna  sooner or later . the fact he was even able to get somebody like sondheim to write a score for this film only shows sondheim wanted to get in on the fun . as for madonna  the material girl does more than hold her own with all these acting heavyweights as club torch singer breathless mahoney .  br    br   before this film  dick tracy movies were consigned to the b pictures and worse as saturday afternoon serials . the only thing that rivals this all star extravaganza is a radio broadcast done for armed forces radio during world war ii that got to vinyl . can you believe a cast like bing crosby  bob hope  frank sinatra  dinah shore  jimmy durante  judy garland  frank morgan  and the andrews sisters  try and find a recording of that gem .  br    br   until then warren beatty  s classic comic strip for the big screen will do nicely .  
dick tracy wasn  t the best for many comic book fans  because they wanted something with blood like batman . dick tracy plays the innocence of just being a comic book with villains that have severe appearance disorder and being fun . warren beatty directs and stars as the main character that fights crime without even using super powers . i have liked dick tracy since i was a child because of the comic atmosphere of the main colors red  blue  orange  yellow  green and black . this is the perfect film for anybody to watch with their children . al pacino is like the jack nicholson in batman and plays big boy caprice with zest . madonna as the babe who is the second villain in this film doesn  t play the same boy toy she represents . like i said  no blood  obscenities  sexually innuendo or anything to offend anybody .  
  tulip  is on the  australian all shorts  video from  tribe first rites  showcasing the talents of first time directors .  br    br   i wish more scripts had such excellent dialogue .  br    br   i hope rachel griffiths has more stories to tell  she does it so well .  
i still liked it though . warren beatty is only fair as the comic book hero . what saves this movie is the set  the incredible cast and it offshoots a mediocre script . i really expected something more substantial in the terms of action  or plot but i got very little . the main reason to watch this movie is to watch some of the biggest stars in hollywood at the time in such an unusual film .  br    br   the one person who did a terrible job and did not even belong in this film was madonna . she did not belong in this movie and her acting job was pretty bad . the movie at some points just stood still . you expected something more and you got nothing . al pacino plays a really bad dude and he does pretty good . he and beatty do make an excellent good guy and bad guy .  br    br   it is also interesting to see dustin hoffman  and warren beatty in a film other than isthar . i did not see ishtar but i heard bad things . the thing about this movie is it is good  but it could have been so much better . i liked it as a child because i thought it looked cool  and visually the movie is amazing  the sets are incredible  the writing is only fair  and with such a cast in the movie i would expect a little better anyway .  br    br   spoiler  br    br   i especially thought the finale was not big enough . it was interesting but for such a grand scale film i just thought it could have ended with a little more of a bang . the reason to watch this movie is the atmosphere . the movie only uses the  comic book colors making it all that more excellent visually anyway .  br    br   the costumes and makeup were flawless as well . the facial makeup for the villains was great . beatty is just not up to such a bigger than life character . still  this is a good movie that could have been much much more . it is to me better than batman  the other comic book adaptation that came out close to the same time . of course that movie was much bigger in terms of gross .  
dick tracy was originally a comic book created in     by chester gould . he is a plainclothes detective who tracks down a crew of villains  ranging from all types of visually original characters such as flattop to the blank to big boy caprice .  these villains became so popular in the    s that warner bros . created their own take on the tracy  style villains in such cartoons as daffy duck  tracy  s comics were known for their liberal use of gunplay and the up  to  date technology advances  notably the wristwatch communicator   which got their fair share of screen time on this excellent movie . the music was done wonderfully by danny elfman  and the original songs by madonna were interesting  but they were not the high point for her career . it  s weird because as you watch the film and see the suspenseful moments  the film feels so much like batman because of elfman  s memorable sound to his pieces .  br    br   i love the tough  talking kid  pacino  s acting as big boy caprice  and that chin    madonna  s take on villainy  and the cinematography and directing were impeccable . this film was very professionally made and features tons of great actors who were known as great actors for a while before this film was made  warren beatty  al pacino  william forsythe  dustin hoffman  kathy bates  mandy patinkin  catherine o  hara  dick van dyke  . the film was directed by beatty himself  which was interesting . it is almost like beatty saw himself as tracy in a past life or something because he really fit the part .  br    br   i had to give this film an     for everything that it brought to cinema that got overlooked  for whatever reason  . there have been tons of misunderstandings over the rating of this movie on imdb  and i still don  t understand why . the characters were completely original and vibrant  as was the style of the sets  wardrobe  lighting  and everything in this film . go buy it today . you will not be sorry .  
this movies is the best movie to watch for comic book feel . the sets  costumes and the color are just so vivid it is just like stepping into a comic book . this is the movie i think of when the mob is mentioned  the suits  the hats and the attitudes .  br    br   hoffman gives comic relief as mumbles and you can  t help but feel sorry for madonna as she tries  and fails  to win tracy over . this movie contains all the classic mob clichs  burying people in concrete  blowing up peoples cars  tieing up the good guy and attempting to blow up his girlfriends house .  br    br   this movie is a classic in ever sense of the word  even camera angels cry out comic book . its so great to be able to go back to an older movie and see that someone knew how a comic should be made into a movie after seeing such mistakes as spawn and the hulk .  br    br      you have to see this movie      
love it or loathe it  it  s hard to not find warren beatty  s take on  dick tracy   the     film adaptation of chester gould  s famous comic strip  anything short of a genre classic . superhero films have been coming out of the woodwork in recent years  and may soon become a genre all on its own .  br    br   beatty  s film liberally uses gould  s source material to full effect  shooting in all six of the strip  s primary colors  and thus giving this unique yet familiar world of trigger  happy mutant gangsters and loose  seductive women a lush visual style and tone .  br    br   it can be stated that the film  s strong visual aesthetics drastically short  change the characters and their acting abilities  which i don  t think can be any further from the truth .  br    br    dick tracy  relishes in its look and ghastly characters  and beatty himself  who plays the dogged and incorruptible detective of the title  is appropriately stoic and ready to bust the bad guys at any and all costs .  br    br   other than the visual treats and oscar  winning makeup  there is a plot  and big boy caprice  al pacino  deliciously over  the  top in an oscar  nominated performance   seeks to eliminate tracy in one well  planned move  but also seeks to gain control of all criminal action in the city by uniting all the feuding gangs under him .  br    br   tracy  meanwhile  is juggling his relationship with tess trueheart  glenne headly   who as her name would have it  remains faithfully by his side and cares for the kid  charlie korsmo   who eventually finds a father figure to look up to in our crime  busting hero . tracy  s fidelity to tess is tested by the tempting advances of breathless mahoney  madonna   who is also big boy  s main squeeze . at the same time that all of this is going down  things become heated when a new criminal figure arrives in town  and decides to play both sides against the middle .  br    br   the performances are good  as beatty  s focus on the strained and romantic relationships between each of the leads becomes the center of the material  as opposed to just concentrating on pointless action and special effects . pacino freely chews up the scenery in a role that  s truly standout from the rest .  br    br    dick tracy  is one of the best and most overlooked of the comic book movie genre . i think that if chester gould was still alive  he would be proud of warren beatty  s take on his beloved crime  fighting detective .  br    br        
usually  when we use the word  escapist   we mean it negatively warren beatty  s big screen version of  dick tracy  proves that  escapist  can be good . this is truly one entertaining movie . as the eponymous  yellow  clad  fearless title character  beatty creates a detective to whom we can all relate ready for action  but not without his weaknesses .  br    br   from there  the rest of characters are almost a world unto themselves . tess truehart  glenne headly  is as glamorous as one would expect the hubby of any crime fighter to be breathless mahoney  madonna  is possibly the most perplexing person imaginable big boy caprice  al pacino  is the average villain ruthless but cool . other characters include the speech  challenged mumbles  dustin hoffman   the over  musical   keys  mandy patinkin   and the kid  charlie korsmo  . charles durning  james caan  dick van dyke  estelle parsons  catherine o  hara  seymour cassel  paul sorvino and kathy bates also star .  br    br   oh  wait a minute . i haven  t even explained the plot  the plot involves tracy trying  and failing so far  to find some way to nab big boy . simultaneously  some very bizarre events have been going on in town  the answers to which may or may not be closer than everyone thinks .  br    br   of course  the main thing about this movie is that it  s fun to watch . if warren beatty was having trouble acting his age  then he made good use of that here .  dick tracy  is one cool movie .  
at the time i am writing this i see out of over       votes it has a  .  rating . something is wrong with that picture . personally i give it a   . i can see a  at the lowest or a possible  if it was rated by people that see this movie for what it truly is . it is a movie based on a comic book hero . this movie won more than it  s share of awards . won  oscars . another  wins    nominations . . . . right there tells me it  s better than a  .  . some great acting from some very good actors  some great special effects and in my opinion will be if not already a classic for years to come . if you  re looking for pure entertainment be sure to check out dick tracy . definitely a movie you can watch more than a few times . al pacino is great as big boy caprice .  
that was great fun  i never read those chester  gould  comics but it  s not necessary to know them . maybe there were some inside jokes i didn  t figure out but what the eye doesn  t see the heart cannot grieve over . this is such an ironic  colourful film and the actors are good  humoured all together . the setting is similar to that in the batman movies  but not as dark and grey . okay  the story is not so original but there is a plot  which is not self  evident  and a more or less surprising ending .  br    br   with this movie  you could play an interesting game  if you watch it with friends . don  t watch the credits at the beginning and then look who  s the fastest to find out who are the famous actors under their make  up   
i saw dick tracy when i was very young . i didn  t know who any of the actors were  and i didn  t know the movie would turn out different than the way it was previewed . i sure loved it though .  br    br   warren beatty stars as the crime  fighting      s detective dick tracy who goes after the biggest mob bosses in the city . this time  big boy caprice  al pacino  has killed a very powerful man and is out to take over the city with his singer girlfriend breathless mahoney  madonna  who has her eye on tracy . it becomes even worse because a new criminal is invading and the worst part is this criminal has no face . he or she is very unknown . plus  the famous villians are back from the comic book collection .  br    br   i thought that this movie was very colorful and creative . it was entertaining and fun to watch especially as a child . warren beaty was just like james bond of the      s the way he played dick tracy .  br    br   an ensemble cast of the film includes charlie korsmo  glenn headly  william forsythe  dustin hoffman  james caan  ed o  ross  tommy lee jones  mandy patinkin  charles durning . plus more   br    br   dick tracy is a movie for all ages and is a fun movie for a family to enjoy . take my word for it .  
most successful comic book movies usually depend on having villains that are bigger than life  ready to jump off the screen and strangle you alive with a smile or a demented line or two of dialog . the tim burton batmans had it  as did  in an even more grotesque manner  sin city . with dick tracy producer  director  star warren beatty piles on the villains until it becomes part of the framework . like a boisterous homage to     s gangster pictures  only this time meant for kids as opposed to the darker bonnie and clyde  dick tracy is filled  joyfully  with archetypes and bright  primary colors  where the criminals carry tommy guns and are formed on their faces to shape their personalities . villains like the stooge  shoulders  lips  the brow  mumbles  the blank  pruneface  spud . chester gould gave the names to his characters that fit their profiles  and gave his hero a jaw that could cut glass . the film is a continuation of sight gags that are perfectly taken seriously .  br    br   if  at the time  movies like batman and  underrated  teenage mutant ninja turtles were darker depictions of reality within a comic  book outline  dick tracy is more  old  school  . it  s a story of cops and crooks  or rather a cop  detective tracy as he tries to bust big boy  al pacino  in what is arguably his biggest performance to date  and in a sense the one that makes sense for his grandiose style   but with no such luck . there  s also a little kid  called simply the kid  charlie korsmo  who somehow brings more spunk to this little kid than would  ve been imagined   and tracy  s love interest in tess . and then there  s the nightclub  dame   madonna  who probably doesn  t give any kind of great acting performance  but maybe that suits the role fine  and she sings excellently when called upon   who wont testify unless tracy admits feelings he doesn  t have for her . then there  s convoluted dealings with taking tracy down  and a mysterious masked figure with a scraggly voice .  br    br   meantime  as if doing an impersonation of a howard hawks film in a splash of visual effects and bigger explosions  dick tracy adds on the wink  and  nod comedy and the action like its syrup on a tall stack of pancakes . it  s a wonder to look at this world  which is created in ways that have a fascination to them that had they been done today would just be simply by proxy of computers  i . e . sin city  which can be justifiably compared to beatty  s film  . we  re driven through this world in great big shots and then thrust in the plot line  or whatever there is of it  in big editing montages with camera angles that seem to come out of those little tilted panels in the comics of old . i  m almost reminded of the cotton club during these sequences  as story  music  detail  and a few big punches and gun  shots go a long way to revealing what needs to be said  which  actually  isn  t more than it needs to . and there  s a heap  load of catchy dialog from the script  one of my favorites  the enemy of my enemy is . . . my enemy   plus any of pacino  s references to other figures in quotes  .  br    br   revisiting this after seeing it for the first time in the movie theater  and only remembering little bits   dick tracy is a hard  boiled fantasy to the finest degree . it  s filled with good cheer for the kids  and with some pretty good action squared away without some of the more sinister intent of its cousin comic  book movies  i . e . pg    fare   and for the adults its throw  back central done with panache and a solid feeling for the unsubtle . even dustin hoffman hams it up  and he barely says an audible word   
just picked this up on dvd and watched it again . i love the bright colors vs . dark imagery . not a big beatty fan  but this is an excellent popcorn movie . pacino is astounding  as always  and well  this movie marked the period where madonna was her absolute sexiest . i wish she had stuck with the  breathless  look for a while longer . charlie korsmo  s first really big role  other than  what about bob   . the makeup effects were cutting edge then and still hold up for the most part . beautiful scenery and mood transport you directly into a comic strip environment . the cars  wardrobe  buildings  and even the streetlights et a great tone  not to mention the perfect lighting  although the scenes with a lot of red can get a tad annoying  as it tends to blur a little . just wish beatty had gotten the chance to make a sequel . all in all  a fun few hours .  
rachel griffiths writes and directs this award winning short film . a heartwarming story about coping with grief and cherishing the memory of those we  ve loved and lost . although  only   minutes long  griffiths manages to capture so much emotion and truth onto film in the short space of time . bud tingwell gives a touching performance as will  a widower struggling to cope with his wife  s death . will is confronted by the harsh reality of loneliness and helplessness as he proceeds to take care of ruth  s pet cow  tulip . the film displays the grief and responsibility one feels for those they have loved and lost . good cinematography  great direction  and superbly acted . it will bring tears to all those who have lost a loved one  and survived .  
heh  if i tell you to compare the dark knight with some    years  old comics  adapted movie rated  .   will you call me crazy  that  s just to catch your attention . everyday i meet people complaining there are no good movies  who seem to only know the recent blockbusters . it  s never a bad thing to search and explore old movies  especially those with good artistic values . dick tracy is one of those can  t be easily outdated  in terms of technology .  br    br   the negative reviews mainly complained about dt  s  messed up  story . but it appears to me that the storyline is quite clear  and i had no problem following it . i didn  t see the comic books  yet i am not a huge us comic fan  but i appreciate the top  notch film  making and performances . maybe the expectations of most people were too high about the story it would tell . but  if you see a movie casting madonna and warren beatty together  what would you expect . i had some scratches on my head  and can  t help but wonder  did we really see the same movie  the title role  although not as competent as it sounds  still was able to pull him up and charm the audiences . madonna was more express  less than  breathless  in her seductive role  but added a lot of fun to the story . al pacino was funny and prodigy to himself . apparently he  s bold enough to go sarcastic on his previously successful roles . we can see a hybrid of scarface  michael corleone  adolf hitler and robert de niro punching our stomaches to make us laugh . and many thanks to make  ups .  br    br   to me it  s not bad at all . the surreal feeling really got me .  
the opening credits make for a brilliant  atmospheric piece of escapist entertainment that  s full of little nods to the comic strip . all the good guys are good  all the bad guys are bad  and the film is jam  packed with familiar character actors covered in gruesom make  up to hi  lite their characteristics .  br    br   warren beatty  as dick tracy  is the ultimate tough guy straight man  incorruptable  calm usually  always a better fighter than the other guy  and rarely one to push the limit on legality . al pacino  as  big boy  caprice steals every scene he  s in as a hunch  backed gangster in some unnamed metropolis of     s gangsters . maddonna plays the kind of person she  d probably play best  breathless mahoney  a nightclub singer and femme fatale with her own little agenda going . gleanne headly is tracy  s tough  talking  fiercely independent long  time girlfrined . and then there  s the kid  a funny little street urchin tracy takes in  who models himself after his surrogate father  and saves tracy when the detective has accepted his fate of being blown up .  br    br   the supporting players are a who  s who of character actors . charles durning is the chief of police . dick van dyke is the district attorney  who  s bribed by big boy  s goons to keep him on the streets . dustin hoffman has a humorous turn as mumbles  the snitch whose dialect is so indecipherable the cops can  t make head nor tail of what he has to say . r . g . armstrong is pruneface  one of the rival gangsters big boy forms a special allegiance to in order to create a network of crime spreading throughout the whole city . mandy patinkin is   keys  the piano player for breathless  s show . paul sorvino plays lips manlis  breathless  s former benefactor until big boy gives him  the bath .  james caan wears relatively little make  up in his performance as the only gangster who won  t go along with big boy  s grand plan . william forsythe and ed o  ross are big boy  s enforcers  flattop and itchy .  br    br   this movie retains all of the corn of the comic strip  plus it is full of vibrant colors . almost all the suits are elaborate in blues and greens and yellows and reds . all the colors of the rainbow are found in this movie   and then some  the matte paintings that are used truly realize this world as two  dimensional  only acted in three  dimensional sets . the humor is plentiful . al pacino fills the shoes of his character like no other character he  s played before or since . big boy is kind of crazy  and kind of self  pitying . he  s an eccentric little man who takes pride in quoting our founding fathers and likening himself to great political leaders . the man with the plan  always looking for the smartest way to do business .  
dick tracy is one of my all time favorite films . i must admit to those that haven  t seen it . you will either really love it or really hate it . it came out a year after the success of batman . so everyone  s expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so simple . but its based on a comic strip . . . what did you expect  creatively  this movie is amazing  the sets  make  up  music  costumes  and the impressive acting make this film fantastic . the film has bloodless violence and no bad language  that  s something rare these days . directed  produced  and stars warren beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against al pacino  s evil big boy caprice and his mob of thugs . madonna steals the show as the seductive breathless mahoney . this is one of the best characters madonna has ever played . she has the best one liners i  ve heard  madonna fans would love it  one of the coolest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip . this film is truly a piece of artwork that is sadly overlooked by the public . to sum things up  this film brings out the child in all of us . it  s a film that will leave you smiling at the end .  
i thoroughly enjoyed this true to form take on the dick tracy persona . this is a well done product that used modern technology to craft a imagery filled comic era story . if you are a fan of or recently watched some of the old dick tracy bw movies then you  re sure to get a kick out of this rendition . the pastel colors and larger than life characters rendered in a painstakingly authentic take on an era gone by is entertainment as it  s meant to be . i personally find madonna  s musical element to be a major part of this film  the cd featuring her music from this movie is one i  ve listened to often over the years  it  s just so well done and performed musically and tuned to that era . in my mind  madonna  s finest moment both on  screen but especially musically . this is sure to bring out the  kid  in you .  
dick tracy is easily the best comic book based movie made to date . the movie has the same feel as the comic book  staying true to the color scheme . the batman series has climbed  fallen  climbed and fallen again . dick tracy has true staying power as something that both adults and children can enjoy . the good guys triumph over evil  without blood and gore to get the point across . al pacino does a wonderful job of his own adaptation of big boy caprice and madonna is memorable as breathless . but the best job by far is warren beatty who just epitomizes dick tracy just as he did with clyde barrows . i can  t wait until it comes out on dvd on april        my tape is wearing thin .  
don  t look for an overdeveloped plotline here . . . . just sit back with some popcorn and enjoy this one . a gallery of stars pop up as the classic cartoon character  s villains in this live action comedy  which features incredible makeup and set design  not to mention knockout performances from beatty  madonna  and pacino . great fun for kids and adults alike .  br    br    out of   
i never attended the midnight showing of a movie before  dick tracy  came out .  br    br   i still have the  t  shirt ticket  i had to wear to get admitted to the showing around here somewhere and  like that shirt   dick tracy  has stuck with me ever since .  br    br   if you  ve seen the movie  the sharp visuals  bright primary colors and strong characters have no doubt been etched into your brain . it  s a wonder to behold .  br    br   as director  star  co  writer  producer  beatty knows what works in a film and shows it here  taking a familiar american icon and re  creating him for a whole new era . still set in the    s   tracy  has a kind of timeless quality like all good films do . i  ve lost track of how many times i  ve watched  tracy  and i still catch something new every time i do .  br    br   the others are all top notch  starting with pacino  s big boy caprice  a reminder that he can do comedy with the best of them   even madonna  s breathless mahoney is a relevation in that under the right environment  she can act  gasp   .  br    br   but there  s still such themes touched on as the necessity of family  keeping true to one  s self  good versus evil  even machiavellian themes are explored . odd for a comic strip film  but hey  it works .  br    br   all in all   dick tracy  is a classic unto itself . compared with other films of this decade  it makes a strong statement . it  s a good  strong film that doesn  t depend on blood  violence  profanity or nudity to make its point .  br    br   there  s a lesson to be learned here .  br    br   ten stars . great scott   
if dick tracy was in black and white  the pope wouldn  t be religious . giving a new sense to the concept of color in a movie  we are offered an unique experience throughout a comic  strip world  and it  s one of the few movies which succeeded in doing so  thanks to a serious script  good direction  great performances  al pacino is astonishing  and most importantly a powerful mix of cinematography  art direction and costume design . using only primary colors  the experience is quite different from anything we have seen before . and there is also a quite successful hommage to all the gangster  movie genre  pratically extinct from modern cinema . overall  i see this movie as a fresh attempt and a touch of originality to a cinema which relies more and more on the old and already  seen formulas .  out of   .  
  dick tracy  is one of our family  s favorites   the actors are great   the art direction is exceptional   the music is magic . it  s not supposed to be  to kill a mockingbird    it  s a fun experience .  br    br   stephen sondhemim  s songs are stellar  back in business  is energetic   sooner or later  is just right   what can you lose  is haunting   even tunes like  live alone and like it  add to the story  br    br   got to love the giddily over  the  top performances of al pacino  dustin hoffman  glenn headly  charlie korsmo  mandy patinkin  james caan  dick van dyke  supporting villains . . . the list is far too long . and  yes   even madonna and warren beatty are awesome . written with a smile a minute  how many times have we looked at each other and said   wait a minute   i  m having a thought   it  s gone     .  br    br   however  one of most telling things about in this film is that everyone involved seems to be having a good time   and that above all adds to the enjoyment for the viewer . so  if you haven  t already  why not give  dick tracy  a chance   accept it for what it is   a sunday comic strip brought to life   and in a wonderful way    
i  ve been watching  dick tracy  for years  and as a result it  s become a vital part of my life  it was with me throughout childhood and i used to see it quite often . seeing it now  as an adult  it  s still a very good movie  dark  satiric and incredibly misunderstood . about the only thing that can be said is the oscar nomination pacino received  other than that it is rarely discussed and didn  t make much of a fuss when it came out .  br    br   pacino is over  the  top but to good effect as he  s clearly having loads of fun . beatty is great as dick tracy and behind the camera manages to capture the atmosphere of a film noir comic book better than any other film  possibly  i have ever seen . just taking a look at one scene from the film is breathtaking . the lighting  velvet overtones and smog  smoke combine to create a great effect .  br    br   there are some really funny cameos including one by dustin hoffman as  mumbles   and i don  t think there are any flaws at all in terms of acting  even the mandatory kid  character is far better than expected .  br    br   overall  a really fine movie that has become misunderstood over the years since its release and is incredibly underrated with only  .     average on imdb . the critics  reviews are very positive  check out rottentomatoes . com  and after seeing the film once again it  s not hard to see why  this is a perfect example of capturing the essence of a comic book  from style to eccentricity .  br    br   highly recommended .  .    stars .  
i hope she can keep acting and directing . she  s surely up to the task and could easily develop that visionary streak into a long career of unconventional and rare works of art . her work has a rare kind of generosity and her timing is spot  on  oy i  m kvell  
this is amazing  looking movie with the whole thing done in just six or seven colors . when it came out over   years ago  it stunned audiences with its color scheme  being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film . those colors  for me at least  make this an absolutely fascinating film to watch . there are literally thousands of scenes i wish could freeze and somehow convert them to a painting to study for their artwork .  br    br   the characters and the story don  t match up to the greatness of the photography  but they are all over  the  top  especially the villains . the famous actors who played them here must have a had a lot of fun on the set playing  flatop    pruneface    lips    mumbles   etc .  br    br   meanwhile  warren beatty and gleanne hedley are good as dick tracey and girlfriend tess truehart  and she  s as sweet and soft as her name . another good addition is charlie korsmo as the delinquent young boy dick and tess take under their wing . the colorful other characters are played by al pacino  dustin hoffman  william forysthe  paul sorvino  mandy patinkin  madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here . check the full credits on the main page and you  ll amazed .  br    br   the only negatives i found were pacino  s voice which grates on you after awhile  madonna  s off  key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about   minutes . those  faults  are all minor because overall  this is a fun movie . . . . a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly  colorful fashion . . . . . like nothing you have ever seen .  
despite gorgeous and breathtaking animation  this is probably one of most uninspiring disney films i  ve seen  and i don  t slam disney films very often . spirit is a wild stallion who repeatedly gets captured  either by the cavalry or by indians  both of which try to  break  him . spirit ends up forming a bond with the indian  and that  in a nutshell  is the story . with exception to the beautiful animation of the horses  neither i or my five year old were very inspired or excited by this film . it  s ironic that it  s titled  spirit   as spirit is what this film could have used a bit more of . an extra point was given for the soundtrack  which was enjoyable  with songs by bryan adams and hans zimmer . and although this film is rated g  you will still probably have to end up explaining what  breaking a horse  means to your five year old . i did .  br    br    
time for a rant  eh i thought spirit was a great movie to watch . however  there were a few things that stop me from rating it higher than a  or   i  m being a little bit generous with the   .  br    br   point    matt damon aggravates me . i was thinking   what a dicky voice they got for the main character   when i first heard him narrate  and then i realized it is matt damon . the man bugs me so very bad  his performance in  the departed  was terrible and ruined the movie for me  before the movie got a chance to ruin itself  but that  s another story for some other time   as it almost did  spirit  . i was able to get past this fact because of how little narration there actually was . . . thankfully .  br    br   point    brian adams sucks . . . the whole score was terrible . . . the songs were unoriginal  generic  and poorly executed not once did i find the music to fit and the lyrics were terrible . every time one of the lame songs came on  i was turned off . i almost thought i  d start hearing some patriotic propaganda slipped into the super  american freedom style lyrics  i couldn  t help but be reminded of those terrible patriotic songs that played on the radio constantly after      . in light of the native american aspects of the film  they should have gone with fitting music using right instruments  not petty radio  hit  teen  bop     year  old  girl crap . i thought i was back in junior high school . i can  t believe no better could have been done   i refuse to . had it not have been for this  i  d rank the film up more with disney  which knows a thing or two about originality  ok  don  t bother saying what i know some of you are probably thinking   . too bad  it  s a shame they couldn  t have hired better musicians .  br    br   i liked the art and animation  except for some things here and there . . . like sometimes the angles appear too sharp on the face and the lines too thick or dark on the body  thick  dark lines mainly near the end  . there were often times when i thought they  tried too hard  on the emotion and facial expressions and failed at drawing any real emotion . but there were also times when the emotion ran thick . anyhow  many scenes were lazy and the layers were apparent .  br    br   ok  i  m falling asleep here so i  ll sum it up before i start making less sense . . .  br    br   nice try on an epic film . . . it turned out mediocre though . matt damon  you suck   
white man  progress  industrialization  bad . first nations  nature  animals  good . simple formula . actually  in past days the same kind of propaganda was used to defend the status quo now it is used to attack it . however  that being said  i think the movie does succeed in overcoming hackneyed politicization because it plays to the themes of freedom and original nature in a way that appeals to everyone . you may not be onside with the movie  s rubbishy revisionism of how the west was won  er lost . but anyone can feel a sense of longing for the days when horses could run free on the western plains .  the movie also conveniently sidesteps the fact that there were no horses in america before the evil white man brought them there  . anyway  i liked it . the quality of the animation  especially the opening shot  is incredible .  
i love horses and admire hand drawn animation  so i expected nothing short of amazement from dreamworks new animated picture spirit stallion of the cimarron . i guess you could say i was a little bit disappointed . you have wonderful animation and at first what seems like a perfect story . a story about absolutely nothing but a horse in nature . the animals don  t sing cute songs or even talk   a major plus . sadly  the film has an uncalled for narration by matt damon a sappy soundtrack by bryan adams and enough action scenes to compare it to a jerry bruckheimer production . if the film makers would have just stayed with simplicity  we  d have a masterpiece here . this is not a great film  but it is good entertainment for small children . i would recommend this film to families because it has its heart in the right place and its the only thing out there right now that isn  t offensive to small children . not bad  but could have been much better . very pretty visuals though .  
while i had wanted to se this film since the first time i watched the trailer  i was in for a deep surprise with this film . while some of the elements and actions of the characters seemed a little too cartoonish   the dark nature of the film really makes this a much different experience . instead of the feel  good  happy  story  this film takes you in another direction that proves to be uplifting  but also disturbing . most kids won  t understand some of the darker moments in the film  which makes this film rather watchable for adults . i was also impressed with the cinematography  using animation and digital animation to create a seamless network of pans and tilts . the musical score was once again solid  proving hans zimmer is the go  to guy when it comes to animated scores  and i never thought i would say i actually enjoyed brian adams  music .  
this animated movie is a masterpiece  the narration  music  animation  and storyline where all remarkable . my girlfriend and i saw it again for a second time and we got more insight from it . we invited a couple friends to see spirit with us and they really enjoyed it a lot . when i asked them to come along to see it  they thought it was a movie about horses  but afterwards they realized it was more than that . i liked esperanza  spirit  rain  and lil  creek  who reminds me of nathan chasing horse who is smiles a lot in dances with wolves . spirit has deep symbolic meanings and metaphors that i found to be empowering and inspirational .  br    br   i saw spirit for a third time and i want to go see it again . i enjoyed  spirit  tremendously because its portrayal of american indians is realistic  dignified  and non  stereotypical unlike the movie  the road to el dorado   which was a total farce because it portrayed american indians in a disrespectful and stereotypical way . but dreamworks has redeemed themselves by making spirit a great movie that i found to be acceptable  i hope they continue to make more animated movies like spirit  and i would like to see sequels or spinoffs to spirit if its done respectfully and without stereotyping american indians .  br    br   i highly recommend this to others who have an open mind to go and pay to see spirit stallion of the cimarron .  
this is a wonderful movie in a lot of ways . everyone in my family enjoyed it . the animation is excellent and easily demonstrates that there are plenty of producers who create films that are as visually brilliant as anything that comes from the disney studio .  br    br   one difference from the normal disney fare is that this dreamworks movie does not feature some wise  cracking side kick for comedy relief . and  there are no sudden moments where the characters break into song . i am sure that a scene at the beginning of the film would not appear in a disney picture the birth of spirit . but it is done tastefully and is not offensive at all .  spirit  was a great breath of fresh air . don  t get me wrong . i have loved disney for years and will continue to do so .  br    br    spirit  is another example of great animated fare . as soon as it was over  my kids wanted to watch it again . i had the same feeling . i thoroughly recommend it .  
this is one of the most calming  relaxing  and beautifully made animation films i  ve ever seen . with beautiful music throughout the movie  the sounds and music can make you feel like you  re in the movie  this movie is not just great for kids  but adults too . it teaches you lessons  such as never forget who you are  you can do whatever you stick your mind to  and to brave and daring . this movie can make you cry at times too  which is always a nice touch in movies . this movie is funny  sad  cute  and keeps you on the edge of your seat  some movies really give you a fuzzy feeling after you see them  and the movie  spirit  is definitely one of them  with my vote of     stars for animation  music  and a wonderful idea for a movie  it gave me a whole lot of spirit   
this movie was highly entertaining . the soundtrack  bian adams  is simply beautiful and inspiring . even more impressive is brian adams doing all the songs in french as well . the score is also uplifting and dramatic .  br    br   the movie is made from a mix of traditional animation  combined with computer generated images . the result is truly stunning . i watch this film at least once a week with my kids and we never tire of it . the story is compelling and well narrated .  br    br   i don  t understand anyone who would rank this movie less than a  . definately a keeper in my household .  
a man readjusts to life alone after   years of marriage . he also has to solve the problem of the family milch cow  tulip  which refuses to allow itself to be milked . until  that is  he visualizes his wife who was the one who used to milk tulip .  br    br   tulip is based on a real story told in griffith  s family  of her grandparents  generation . the film is a nostalgic look back at a disappearing way of life  one where people still felt some sense of responsibility for each other  set in the lush green victorian  the australian state  not the era  countryside .  br    br   writer and director griffiths evidently has further ambitions in both areas  and this multiple award  winning    minute short is a fine beginning to her reel .  
i recently watched spirit and enjoyed it very much  i  ve seen it about  times now on hbo and will buy the dvd . those who gave negative reviews would probably think that vanishing point  was just another car chase movie and thelma  louise  was just another chick flick . although the conclusions of those films are darker i feel the themes are somewhat related that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone wanting to take it away from you . the other common trait of these movies is the caring  thoughtful guardian angel  types who help the main characters to overcome adversity .  br    br   another review here mentions how this film relates to the theme of civilization invading someone else  s home . all one has to do is look around at the dwindling open areas around us to see that .  br    br   i thought the animation and the story were amazing  the animators really got the horses to look  act and move naturally . spirit  s emotions were very clear as the story progressed  yes i  m aware they do humanize the horses a bit  but this is fiction  . in a couple of action scenes you feel caught in the current of the rapids and the heat from a forest fire . in other more quiet scenes  which are most of the time  you  re allowed to savor the backgrounds . one of the big things that make the story really work is by not going the talking  singing animals route . doing so would take away from the story  s power . instead the flow of the story is told by occasional narration by the main character  further punch is added by the fantastic soundtrack . another plus is that they weren  t afraid to give the story somewhat of a dark side  which really made this film watchable to me  . this isn  t prevalent through the entire movie though  and the conclusion is fitting and uplifting without being sappy .  br    br   those who appreciate horses will really like this movie  but i think it  s a bit more than a horse movie . i don  t feel this would be a good movie to take children to if they  re brought up on the inane fare that  s offered up today . but if they  re the thoughtful sort that can handle compelling stories like the lord of the rings and black beauty they  ll likely love this movie . hell  i  m   years old and still love that stuff .  
this was a great movie with a good story . my children         and   all loved this movie  including myself . the music was also fantastic . no  the horses do not talk  but instead  the story is told by spirit . and to hear a story told by a horse  s point if view was fun .  br    br   i think the title says it all   spirit  . this movie really gives you a sense of family and home and friends . i would have to say my  year old boy and  year old girl were really touched by this movie  and even got so into it  they laughed so hard  and they cheered for spirit in the end .  br    br   enjoy  spirit  with your family and have your spirit lifted with this heartwarming story . your kids will love it . i think you will too .  
i thought this movie would be dumb  but i really liked it . people i know hate it because spirit was the only horse that talked . well  so what  the songs were good  and the horses didn  t need to talk to seem human . i wouldn  t care to own the movie  and i would love to see it again .      
spirit stallion of the cimarron is an overall wonderful movie . the blending of animation types is unique  the storyline is amazing  and the music is wonderful .  br    br   the drawn animation is a special thing about many animations . how they expressed the characters  especially the horses  through their animation are spectacular especially . while the way horses communicate through body language is easy to understand  many young children and people who haven  t studied horses might not understand . without words  i would imagine it would have to be challenging to express them through the features . because of this  i understand the  eyebrow  they added to the horses  while real horses don  t have those thick lines  . one of the few things i noticed about horse habits that might have been portrayed strangely is that spirit lead his mother  s herd . in wild horse herds  the lead stallion usually chases the young colts out .  br    br   also  while some people might think portraying the white army officers as the  bad guys  is stereotyping  think of all the movies in which the native americans have been portrayed as that . sometimes back then they did treat mustangs very poorly . for example  in real history  the appaloosa breed was almost wiped out due to the army officers . imagine what would have happened to one of the worlds best loved riding breeds if the native americans had not saved them .  br    br   i think it  s amazing how the realism wasn  t subtracted by making the horses talk to each other . spirit  s feelings were expressed by a little bit of narration  but mostly through the music  by bryan adams  . the songs express the story really well  and hans zimmer and bryan adams did a great job telling the story through melodies and lyrics .  br    br   the emotion i got when watching the movie  whether the first time or the twentieth  yes  i  ve watched it that much   you wouldn  t believe . some of the scenes take your breath away  while others seem to force tears into your eyes . the opening sequence  showing spirit  s homeland  puts you right into the spectacular action right away .  br    br   i don  t understand at all why some people are so hateful of this brilliant movie . overall  i rate it a       a must watch .  
i began riding horses fairly recently  and  as anyone who has ever ridden should know  i fell in love with horses and their world . i rented spirit on a whim  just trying to pack my life full of as much horse related material as i could  and i was surprised by the results .  br    br   what i expected was a feel  good disneyesque movie with talking animals and stereotypes every five minutes .  br    br   what i got was an amazing film  filled with beautiful scenery and animation  and an amazing storyline that has the great potential to warm one  s heart .  br    br   spirit is a wild mustang in the old west  whose entire world is brought crumbling down around him when he discovers the humans slowly taking over his homeland . the story unfolds with a wide array of characters  some human  some animals  all are well written and most are pleasant to watch on screen .  br    br   i would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good story  and who has an appreciation for history and animals .  br    br   one thing i forgot to mention  but that i feel is important  is that the animals in this film do not talk . this was a really nice vacation from the lady and the tramp animated movies that everyone today is used to .  
i really dislike both shrek films .  since their both  pg  and have words in them i would never say myself  so i disliked them .   br    br   but when it comes to  spirit stallion of the cimarron   which i just barely watched for the first time last month  i became a fan of animated films  other than pixar . spoilers ahead in  spirit stallion of the cimarron   a horse foal is born and eventually becomes the leader of his heard . one night  he sees a strange light in the distance  and he sets off toward it . this action eventually leads to his capture  and several more things . throughout the movie  we hear a narration . it  s through the thoughts of spirit  though the horses never talk . this is what makes the movie so goo . they  the movie makers  recored real horses to do the sounds the horses made none of those sounds were made by humans .  br    br   spirit meets rain  a beautiful mare  and little creek  a native  american  who owns rain . little creek later frees spirit and rain  they go running home .  br    br   i have never been a big fan of brian adams  but i intend to buy the soundtrack to this film in the near future .  br    br   watch this film  and you won  t regret it . my score       
i liked this movie a lot . the animation was well done and the romance was cute . i liked most of bryan adams  songs and the hans zimmer score was excellent . what a lot of people don  t realize is how well it relates to the heart of darkness  apocalypse now themes  what happens when so  called  civilization  invades someone elses home  what does it mean to be  civilized  etc .  . the opening scenery and music were very stirring . the film is a lament to an america that was once beautiful .  
the horse is indeed a fine animal . picturesque depictions of wild horses and their grace could never have been more majestic in an animation flick .  br    br   the animation is simply stupendous . the fine animation forms the backbone of the beauty that the horses embolden across the flick . more so when the stallion traverses diverse terrain  jumps across cliffs and braves waters .  br    br   soundtrack too is very impressive . the wonderful instrumental music lures you to appreciate the movie .  br    br    they say the story of the west was written from the saddle of a horse .  huh  well  the story of a fine horse sure was written from the saddle of the west .  br    br   all in all  this movie is clearly up there with the best . it is one of the best animation flicks i have watched . would be a very fine choice on a lonely night . an easy     .  
well  what can i say  this movie really got to me  it  s not so bad  as many say  i really loved it  although the idea seems so simple  and rather boring  it isn  t . first of all i enjoyed the soundtrack  bryan adams   it really goes with the movie . second the simple story  and the drama of spirit gets your attention . one thing i like the most is that they didn  t give the stallion a human voice to interact with the other horses  it makes the movie more realistic  not many animations seem realistic now do they   but . . . i don  t know  making animals talk is just so . . . lame .  br    br   one of the most beautiful animations of     in my opinion  i recommend it to everyone  not just the kids    because it is very relaxing .  
if only all animation was this great . this film is classic because it is strong is two simple aspects story and character . the characters in this film are beautifully personified . i felt for all of the characters  and human  animal relationship in the movie works perfectly . the beautiful animation and   d computer animation hasn  t worked better in any other film . this is a great movie for kids  and for adults who want a classic hero  s journey .  of   .  
some time in the late   th century  somewhere in the american west  several cowboys in need of money go on a buffalo hunt . the group  s leader believes that buffaloes are too numerous for the hunting to have any impact  but the more experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse  and he isn  t so sure . featuring buffalo herds living in south dakota and showing film of actual hunting  the movie  s introduction explains it as necessary thinning of the herd   the movie does an excellent job of presenting us with the plight of the buffalo and its effect on native americans without ever getting preachy about it .  br    br   the real story  however  is about the dysfunctional family which is created by the small group formed to do the hunting . the father figure is charlie  a violent man with a short fuse . sandy  his  brother   is the experienced hunter who is tired of killing but needs the job after losing his cattle . a half  indian boy  who hates the fact that he looks entirely caucasian  takes the role of adopted son . the grandfather  and moral compass  is an alcoholic buffalo skinner charlie  s  wife  is an indian woman whose companions he killed after they stole his horses .  br    br   charlie is clearly the most interesting figure . he is mean and insulting towards everyone around him  yet at the same time he knows that they are the only family and friends that he has . he expects the abducted indian women to hate him  then accept him  but he doesn  t know how to react when she refuses to do either . he  s the one who put the family together in the first place  but he  s also the one who is fated to ultimately destroy it .  br    br   this is all very similar to the classic  red river   which also features a family of sorts being torn apart by the increasingly violent and alienated father figure . as one might expect  this movie suffers by comparison . the plot is not as focused on developing the characters and family dynamics  and the direction fails to keep all of the scenes working towards this common goal . charlie is so thoroughly unlikable from the very beginning that we never have any reason to care about what happens to him or his family . on the positive side  however  the message surrounding the buffalo slaughter adds an extra dimension to the film and its conclusion is far superior to the hollywood ending which was tacked on to the end of  red river  . as a result   the last hunt  is an interesting and entertaining film  very well made  but falling short of what would be needed to consider it a classic .  
i have probably seen this movie over fifty times by now because of the kids they just cant get enough of spirit . the best thing about the movie i think is that the animals isn  t able to talk  this makes the whole movie more honest and makes a better impression on both kids and the adults so      from the kids and me  
in a time when hollywood is making money by showing our weaknesses  despair  crime  drugs  and war  along comes this film which reminds us the concept of the  indomitable spirit  . if you are feeling beaten down  this movie will free your mind and set you soaring . we all know how tough life can be  sometime we need to be reminded that persistence and courage will get us through . that  s what this film did for me and i hope it will for you .  
spirit is a unique and original look at western life from the point of view of a wild horse  and native americans . the film focuses on the friendships and perils that a wild horse  spirit  encounters during his life .  br    br   very well done in the presentation  using the technology available today to deliver stunning visuals that are breathtaking in their depth and realism .  br    br   the music is fantastic  with songs by bryan adams  and music by hans zimmer  who also was responsible for the extremely popular music from the     disney hit  the lion king .  br    br   the story is not very deep but the fact that it isn  t quite as in  depth as some movies doesn  t in my opinion detract from the film as a whole .  br    br   an excellent film which i enjoyed immensely  and that is suitable for all the family . not one to be missed .         
life pod is one of those movies that you just watch and try not to analyze too hard . the acting is rather amateurish  at best . the special effects are obviously low budget  but not too bad . the story line is rather stock  but with an interesting twist . computer run amok  but not exactly a computer and the running amok is very understandable when the truth is revealed . still the movie has its moments and is quite watchable . for me  at least part of the allure of this movie is the prominent role of kristine debell . she may not be the greatest actress in the world  but having been a former playmate of the month  she is cute enough . in all life pod is much like other low  budget sci  fi movies of the     s and somewhat predictable .  br    br   the white star lines bit is cute  if completely inaccurate . the last of the white star lines company stock was purchased by the cunard lines     and the last ship to sail under the white star colors was the britannic  not the sister of titanic  which was sold for scrap in     .  
i agree with  jerry .  it  s a very underrated space movie  of course  how many good low  budget ones aren  t underrated   if i remember correctly  the solution to the mystery was a sort of variation  but not  rip  off   of      because the computer controlling the spaceship had actually been a man  who had somehow been turned into a computer . and like hal  they tried to disconnect his  mind   but not the mechanical parts of him  and as with hal  it led to disaster . there is at least one funny moment . when the christopher cary character  who can  t find any food  finds the abandoned pet bird  there  s a kind of ominous moment  but then the obvious thing doesn  t happen after all .  
wow . something of a surprise . though flawed  it is far better that i expected .  br    br   the brand new space liner arcturus with some      passengers is in the final days of its sixteen day trip to jupiter . without warning  the ship  s cerebral  central computer  sounds a disaster alarm and orders everyone to evacuate .  br    br   soon  there are only a handful of people remaining including one of the ship  s astrogators  penny   the captain  cary   and the director of the shipping line  kenyon  .  br    br   it turns out that the alarm was false and that the main cerebral is acting  br    br   erratically . the remaining passengers and crew must escape the ship and  br    br   avoid personal conflicts in order to survive .  br    br   the film starts out very well . the opening commercial is a very nice touch . there are obvious parallels to      a space odyssey and to the historic  br    br   sinking of the titanic . the film does slow down at times and has pacing  br    br   problems  but is generally well made and well acted .  
this movie can be described in those  words  just unbelievable  . this is the best movie ever made  i just cant see why this movie isnt in the top    . i also can  t see why anybody would not love scarface . anyways  if you havnt seen it  it is a must buy .  
a lot of people are saying that al pacino over acted but i mean common obviously for a movie role like this   a cuban drug lord you need a bit of over acting in this role with that cuban accent . this movie overall was a really good movie i myself rated a      i would highly recommend people to watch this movie .  
this movie is just great . if you have a chance to see it  then you should run to see it . even though the movie has almost nothing to do with its original from      pacino does a great job playing as tony montana to get around .  br    br   pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just great . if you thought that pulp fiction was good with the swear words  if you saw it  then you should also see scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them .  its quite sweet   br    br   even though the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time  not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct  it is still easy to follow along  but you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything . personally  i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like a breeze  it is really just that great .  br    br   this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so well that not only do you forget that this movie was made in the crappy   s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy . . .  so say good night to the bad guy   
on mtv cribs all the ballers and shot callers pull the classic movie scarface out of their dvd collection . this may give you an idea that scarface is a  gangster movie  . sure  there are gangsters and mobs in it  but that  s not the point of scarface . tony montana  al pacino  is just a cuban refuge looking for a new way of life . he falls in with the mob group and becomes a well  known drug lord . montana was all for doing what you wanted to do with your life . the classic phrase  say hello to my little friend   is in scarface . this quote is what always comes to mind when i think about brian depalmas movie  scarface . this falls under my top   favorite movies . i would rate it      out of   . definitely a movie you must see . phenomenal .  
robert taylor and stewart granger switch the goodie  baddie roles they held in  all the brothers were valiant  . taylor seems a bit uncomfortable in his bad  guy role but granger plays his part perfectly . however the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest . the film is perfectly made  with the atmosphere of the times wonderfully given . the direction is taut and although the film is no light  hearted entertainment it is  to my way of thinking a major film  unjustly ignored by the cognoscenti .  
this movie has it all . it is a classic depiction of the events that surrounded the migration of thousands of cuban refugees . antonio montana  played by al pacino   is just one of the thousands to get a chance to choose his destiny in america . this cinematic yet extremely accurate depiction of miamis  drug empire is astonishing . brian depalma does an amazing job directing this picture  so much that  the viewer becomes involved with both the storyline  as well as every character in the cast . with tony  s characters  pressence being so believable and strong  brian depalma brang out the raw talent exposed by steven bauer  manny  tony  s best friend   mary elizabeth mastantonio  gina  tony  s sister   robert loggia  frank  tony  s boss  and michelle pfeiffer  elvira  frank  s wife  . i enjoyed every minute watching this movie  and still watch it on a weekly basis . on this year  the   th anniversary of this classic crime movie  i for one am a true believer that in another   years people will still refer to this movie in astonishing numbers . with other crime movies being so dramatic i find  this movie is a shock to the system .  
this movie is very entertaining and is never ever boring even running at nearly  hours . al pacino  michelle phieffer and the rest of the cast are great in the film and are very believable . the violence was a little extreme in the film but then it showed how vicious the drug trade was at the time of the film . the ending is amazing and is probalby one of the coolest scenes ever . great movie and you will probably really enjoy it .  
for whoever play games video games here did anybody notice that the gtavice city mansion inside the game and some other things including weapons from the movie that are connected to this movie and this movie inspired the makers of the game  rockstar games  to copy some things from this movie and by the way this is one of the best    s movies out there i recommend this for anybody who still didn  t see it      no questions asked  
perhaps this could be the best movie ever made and if it  s not it  s certainly one of those who are burned onto your pupils as what brian de palma delivers here is a great piece of cinematographic artwork . first there is the director  s touch of brian de palma who proves once again he might be one of the best directors ever  there is the superb performance from al pacino who is delivering an immortal hero on the big screen  tony montana   there are the many different  violent  scenes that you will never forget  the one with the chainsaw  the one in where tony is sitting in a bath which is as big as most people  s living rooms   there are the many superb one  liners  count how many times the word  fck  is used   there are the superb little details  the pan american  globe that screams  the world is yours   or the great discomusic from giorgio moroder . nothing can be named that isn  t sublime here and it easily is along with  the godfather    good fellas  and  white heat  one of the best gangstermovies ever made   
one of the most definitive gangster films of the    s  scarface is very much a film of its time . the first thing you notice when you watch this film is that it is screaming at you   made in      . the costumes  the music score and soundtrack  the hairstyles  make no mistake about it this is a film all about crime in the    s and while it should have dated horribly it hasn  t . this is still a superb film . while georgio moroder  s music has dated a fair bit  it still compliments the story of tony montana well thanks to the superb screenplay by oliver stone and the first class direction of brian de palma  one of two films that he has made with pacino  the other being the fantastic carlito  s way  . all of de palma  s trademarks are here the strong language  the graphic violence  more on that later   the stylish excesses such as grandiose set pieces and of course the stylish camera work .  br    br   pacino dominates the film and i mean that literally . he is the dominant star of this film . his performance over the top  this is one of those films were pacino doesn  t so much say his lines as he does shouts them  this time with a superb cuban accent . however  this is pacino and he does it fantastically . only he could go this far over the top and still come away from the film with his acting integrity in tact . while some may complain about his shouting of his lines and the sheer excess of it all  this is an excessive film . take a look at the production design of tony  s house  take a look at the violence in this film . the chainsaw incident is downright brutal and their is blood everywhere . the shoot out at the end has bodies going down at a rate that is more akin to schwarzenegger and stallone in the rambo films . take a look at the amount of coke that is displayed in the film so pacino  s performance i suppose is perfect for the film . he is supported by actors who are more akin to saying their lines in a more controlled way . steven bauer  in particularly  as manny  tony  s best friend  is the stand out of the supporting cast . his performance is so controlled and quiet in a de niro sort of way it is a wonder how he ended up doing straight to video soft porn . michelle pfeiffer  of course  adds the glamor  robert loggia adds gravitas as usual and mary elizabeth mastrantonio makes a great debut as tony  s sister .  br    br   of course this is more than just a film about excess . there is more to it than drugs  violence  chainsaw assaults and a big great shoot out . this is a film about the darker side of the american dream . in many ways it puts it on a thematic par with the godfather films . tony finds himself coming to america  getting it all  living the american dream and then losing it all in violent fashion  and by saying he loses it all  i mean he loses it all . he kills his best friend  his sister is killed  his empire crumbles  literally  around him and to top it of he is killed in his own mansion  bullets ripping through him .  br    br   without doubt scarface is one of the key films of the early    s . sure  it doesn  t have the subtleties of the godfather films  but this is still a fine film and one that is worth going to again and again .  
i heard a few friends one day saying that  scarface sucks . . . some idiot tried to make another godfather set in the early   s .  now  i usualy listen to idiots  watch cnn so i decided i  d stay away from it . then my mate handed me the dvd and said  this is   with the pelicangs   confused i tried it . this is the best film ever made . it  s more realistic than all this crap about racing stolen cars that are too expensive for someone in that area could afford  cough  fast  furiouscough  there is some humor though . . . i . e . the pelicangs and the light   s music . still  whats better than al pacino wielding an m     i give this a  out of   perfect for fans of al or gtavice city .  
most people who have seen this movie thinks that it is the best movie ever made . i disagree but this movie is very very good . tony is a bad ass guy and knows that he  s intimidating and uses it to get ahead . it  s about him and how he goes from washing dishes to having a huge house and a office with cocaine all over the desk . if you want a family movie then this isn  t the way to go but if you want mobsters and vengeance and stuff like that then you  ll like it .  
i had the privilege of watching scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored   mm print in honor of the   th anniversary of the films release . it was great to see this on the big screen as so much of it is lost on television sets and the overall largesse of this project cannot be emphasized enough .  br    br   scarface is the remake of a classic rags to riches to the depths of hell story featuring al pacino as cuban drug lord tony montana . in this version  tony comes to america during the cuban boat people immigration wave in the late     s  early     s . tony and his cohorts quickly get green cards by offing a political figure in tent city and after a brief stay at a cuban restaurant tony is launched on his horrific path to towards total destruction .  br    br   many of the characters in this movie a played in such skilled manner that is so enjoyable to watch i have forgot little of this film over the last twenty years . robert loggia as tony  s patron  frank lopez is wonderful . his character is flawed by being too trusting  and as tony quickly figures out  soft . lopez  s right hand  omar suarez is portrayed by one of our greatest actors  f . murray abraham  amadeus .  suarez is the ultimate toady and will do anything for frank it is like he does not have a mind of his own . tony quickly sees this and he constantly battles with suarez  but really only sees him as a minor problem to get through on his way to the top . the character that always comes back to me as being played so perfectly is mel bernstein  the audaciously corrupt miami narcotics detective played by harris yulin  training day .  mel  without guilt extorts great sums of money form all sides of the drug industry . he plays tony off of frank until it catches up with him in a scene that marks the exit from the film of both frank and mel . it is priceless to hear frank asking for mel to intercede  as tony is about to kill him only to hear mel reply  it  s your tree frank  you  re sitting in it .  this is from the man who frank had been paying for protection   br    br   tony  s rise is meteoric and is only matched in speed and intensity by his quick crash and burn . after offing frank and taking his wife and business tony  s greed takes over and he never can seem to get enough . as tony plunges deeper into the world of drugs  greed and the inability to trust he eventually kills his best friend and his sister who had fallen in love and married . this all sets up the ending in which tony  s compound is stormed by an army from his supplier who feels betrayed because tony would not go through with a political assassination that was ordered . this all stems form a compassionate moment when tony refused to be an accomplice in a murder that would have involved the victim  s wife and children .  br    br   all in all this is a great depiction of     s excess and cocaine culture . depalma does a nice job of holding it all together in one of the fastest moving three hour movies around . the violence is extremely graphic and contains a few scenes that will be forever etched on any viewers mind  particularly the gruesome chainsaw seen  the two point blank shots to the head and the entire bloody melee that ends the movie . this is a highly recommended stylistically done film that is not for the squeamish  or for those who need upbeat endings and potential sequels depalma let it all fly right here .  
surely one of the mysteries of the modern world    this film is not considered to be within the top    films of all time      br    br   if you watched this film and thought it was anything other than wonderful please let me know how   al pacino  s performance is as good as it gets   
if you like gangster type of movies  then this is the first one you should buy or at least rent  al pacino his performance is top notch . and the story is classic            why isn  t this movie in the top    list    
a lot of talk has been made about  psychological westerns   but this is one of the very few that is truly in that genre . it has big name stars who perform very well  but it is the director who makes this such a good movie . stewart granger loses his british safari hunter stereotype to play a haggard retired buffalo hunter who is revered in the west as one of the best . robert taylor plays the upstart  in contrast to the usual young upstart  taylor  s character is middle aged  too   who wants to slaughter buffalo  and lures granger into business with him . they hire two other big name actors  lloyd nolan and russ tamblyn  into being their skinners . granger is haunted by the buffalo he has killed  knowing that he may be to blame if they become extinct  knowing if they become extinct  the native american way of life will greatly suffer . taylor soon reveals a sadistic side  but it is a realistic saidism  unlike the one dimensional sadists of modern film  created by nerds and dorks . he is insecure  and needs human companionship . still  he won  t stop at murder . the end pits the two against each other  with a startling conclusion . the psychological effects of what they  re doing are well depicted .  
this is one of my favorite films of all time . al pacino acting is at its best and the story is excellent . too bad it didn  t do to well in the    s when it was first released because people didn  t get a chance to experience this classic .  
written by oliver stone and directed by brian de palma  scarface paints a picture not easily forgotten . al pacino turns in a stunning performance as tony montana  a cuban refugee than becomes a powerful player in the drug world as he ruthlessly runs his self made kingdom of crime in florida . this gangster flick is harsh  violent  loud  gross  unpleasant and must hold the record for uttering the word  f   k  the most number of times . almost three hours long  and yes it can get repulsive . a stout hearted constitution keeps you in your seat cheering for the demise of a ruthless crime lord .  br    br   also playing interesting characters are michelle pfeiffer  steven bauer  robert loggia  mary elizabeth mastrantonio  f . murray abraham and angel salazar . pacino proves to be one of the greatest of his generation . he manages to bring reality to his character that leaves a strong impression . this will not be a movie for everyone for you leave thinking you walked away from a disaster . is that powerful enough for you  crime does not pay for long   
many people like this movie and many more love it  but it seems that it is all for the wrong reasons . scarface should be liked and loved but not in the way it has been or is .  br    br   many people say the acting was over  the  top  but who better to do an over  the  top character than al pacino . to say that pacino went over  the  top in here would be an understatement . yet he does it so well  he just brings the inner devil out of you so well . his character tony montana was not such a great guy to begin with but his thirst for power just bring his sickness of greed to another level an inhumane level . sure at times pacino seems to be a bit cartoonish and surreal but that does not at all to me seem to be a liability at all . the supporting cast served its job very well . michelle pfeiffer was not really at her best but she certainly fit the role she played . on the other hand steven bauer was at his best  still he is steven bauer . mary elizabeth mastrantonio was good and like michelle pfeiffer fit her role very well . robert loggia i have always enjoyed watching in just seeing him yell . other than pacino they were not really any standout or memorable performances . everybody just seemed to fit their roles by being there . they did not fit in perfectly but were convincing enough .  br    br   brian de palma did a very good job directing this movie . whenever an actor is able to become larger than life with his performance some credit should be given to the director and i will certainly give de palma that . brian de palma  though not given the respect  is a very versatile director by my count . he knows how to direct movies according to their genres  but that at times has not turned out well . in here it does  this is by all counts a gangster movie but few are much better than this one because of de palma .  br    br   the writing was great it was just pure oliver stone . when i saw the credits at the end of this movie and saw that oliver stone had written this i was not the least bit surprised . that is a testament to him though . i have always though of him as a great writer and to me he proves this once again with scarface . nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than oliver stone .  br    br   the music was good but not that great . it is certainly not my favorite from giorgio moroder . the music was a little bit too   s  ish for me but it didn  t annoy me . the cinematography was good  not amazing but really who cares with a movie like this .  br    br   this has probably been one of the most influential movies in the past   years but as mentioned before it is for the wrong reasons . people should realize that the character of tony montana is no hero  he is a monster . he is not inspiring in anyway . he is greedy  bloodthirsty  uneducated and self consumed . yet he is a role model to many people because he is in some way or another a rebel but probably most of all because he is a deluded gangster . a vigilante would be like mother tereasa next to scarface .  br    br   the good thing about this movie though is that it shows that the tony montanas  are not the real problem . if we or the people of authority would want to shut people like him down we could do it but we don  t . in a freaky twisted way he is a necessity of our society . he is somebody you could blame everything on and fell better about yourself doing it . the tony montanas  of this world are the scapegoats of our society . this in no way excuses people like him . instead it is more of a reminder that we shouldn  t excuse or allow ourselves to do bad things just because we measure up or think we measure up compared better to a gangster or drug dealer . i love this movie because it is more than a corruption movie  it is a movie that in a strange way makes you self reflect .  
in      director brian de palma set out to make a film about the rise and fall of an american gangster  and that he did   with the help of a terrific screenplay by oliver stone and some impeccable work by an outstanding cast . the result was scarface   starring al pacino in one of his most memorable roles . the story begins in may of      when castro opened the harbor at mariel  cuba  to allow cuban nationals to join their families in the united states .        left cuba at that time  for the greener pastures of freedom in america  and most were honest  hard  working people  thankful for the opportunity they had been granted . but not all . among the marielitos  who streamed into florida  approximately       had criminal records and were nothing less than the dregs of cuba  s jails   criminals considered beyond redemption  who castro had merely wanted to be rid of . and they  too  saw america as a land of opportunity  even as al capone had considered chicago some fifty years earlier . and among the most ambitious was a man named tony montana  pacino   known to his associates as caracortada .  scarface .  br    br   now that he was free of the yoke of communism under which he had grown up  montana wanted what he felt was coming to him  and he wanted it now and from the moment he stepped off the boat in florida  he was determined to have it all . wealth and power   that was montana  s dream  and he would get it by doing what he did best  beginning with a favor for a man living in miami by the name of frank lopez  robert loggia  . lopez  it seems  had a brother in cuba who had met an untimely end at the hands of one of castro  s goons  a man who  having outlived his usefulness to castro  had been summarily discarded and was currently being held in little havana   along with montana and all of the cubans just off the boats  where they awaited their papers from the government that would effect their transition into their new lives . and in short order  montana sees to it that lopez  s brother has been avenged  and it sets the stage for his own entrance into the underworld of america .  br    br   lopez  a wealthy businessman with the right connections  in return for the favor gets montana and his friend  manny  steven bauer   released from the holding camp  and puts them to work . in his day  capone may have had bootlegging as a means through which to line his coffers with illicit gain  but lopez has the modern day equivalent  and it  s even more lucrative cocaine . lopez takes montana under his wing and indoctrinates him into the life  but once he has a taste of it  montana isn  t satisfied with whatever crumbs lopez sees fit to throw his way  and he sets a course that will take him to where he wants to be at the top .  with a cold  blooded  iron will  montana decides he  ll do whatever it takes to get there  no matter what the cost . but before it  s over  he will realize the price for his dream  and he  ll pay it but for a brief moment  perhaps he will know what it  s like to be the man . and he will also know whether or not it was worth it .  br    br   in step with de palma  s vision  pacino plays montana larger  than  life  and he does it beautifully . from the accent he affects  which he researched thoroughly to make sure he got it right   and he did   to the body language and the attitude  he  s got it all  and it makes montana convincing and very real . what he brings to the role is nuance and style  in a way that few actors  de niro would be one  can . this is definitely not a character that is sympathetic in any way  nor is there anything about montana that you can readily relate to on a personal level but pacino  s screen presence is so strong that it makes him a thoroughly engrossing character  even though it  s hard to become emotionally involved with him . it  s quite simply a dynamic  memorable performance .  br    br   michelle pfeiffer gives a solid performance  as well  in the role that put her on the path to stardom . as elvira  the woman who becomes an integral part of montana  s dream  pfeiffer is subtle and understated  giving that sense of something going on underneath  while affecting a rather cold and distant exterior countenance . she  like pacino  definitely makes her presence felt as she fairly glides across the screen with a stoic  enigmatic and sultry demeanor .  br    br   the supporting cast includes mary elizabeth mastrantonio  gina   miriam colon  mama montana   f . murray abraham  omar   paul shenar  sosa  and harris yulin  bernstein  . an excellent precursor to the more recent and highly acclaimed traffic   and blow   and well as having a climactic scene reminiscent of peckinpah  s the wild bunch   de palma  s scarface   originally panned by critics  has since been cited by many as being the definitive american gangster saga . much of the violence is implied rather than graphic  but this film still has an edge of realism to it that many may find somewhat disturbing . but if you stay with it  there is a lesson to be learned in the end . and like many lessons in life  the most valuable are often the hardest to take at the time . but the reward is always worth it  and that  s the way it is with this film . i rate this one     .  br    br    br    br    br    br    
arguebly al pacino  s best role . he plays tony montana  a small time hood from cuba turned into a rich and powerful crime lord in miami  and he does it with the only two things he  s got in this world  his balls and his word  and he doesn  t break  em for nobody . starts as doing jobs for a big time cuban dealer  frank lopez  robert loggia  and quickly goes up the ladder of the organization along with his long time friend manny  steven bauer  . soon he has an eye for the boss  s sexy wife elvira  michelle pfeiffer  . after frank sees a threat from tony to his position  he attempts to assassin tony but with no luck . tony is upset and nothing can stop him now . the film has a great supporting cast among them is f . murray abraham as a jumpy gangster  another familiar face is harris yulin as a crooked cop trying to shake down tony  marry elizabeth mastrantonio as tony  s young sister . credits to the ecxellent screenplay by oliver stone . this film is one of brian depalma  s brightest points in his long ups and downs career  you can see this guy is very talented . the movie has a magnificent look to it . also pay attention for two memorable scenes the one at the fancy restaurant   say goodnight to the bad guy   . the other is the final shootout where tony shows that he still knows how to kick ass and kills about   assassins that invaded to his house . this is certainly one of the most impressive endings to a movie i have ever seen . for fans of al pacino and crime movies it  s a must  see . for the rest of you it  s highly recommended .       
the story turns around antonio  scarface  montana  an ultra  violent cuban refugee who comes to the united states with less than nothing  and makes a place for himself at the top of the cocaine trade . . .  br    br   as a calculating man with a conscience  and extreme ambitions  tony strongly begins to desire the things he sees a criminal high  roller enjoying  including his luscious lover . . . heights his way out of a refugee camp by enjoying the chance to stab a former taker of freedom  takes out rival dealers  gains the confidence of an important drug lord by eclipsing a local gang boss in miami  and eventually makes it to the highest levels of the drug organization . . .  br    br   pacino shows the results of greed and lust for power on the human psyche . . . he guns his way through the sunny streets of miami where he got  the world and everything in it .  with his ruthlessness  obscene dialog  and his negotiation skills  he begins to imagine himself invulnerable and above all others . . . he quickly moves deep to the world of gangs  and becomes more ruthless than anyone else can possibly imagine . . .  br    br   michelle pfeiffer looks dazzling as the addicted wife with no inner life . . . she succeeds in portraying the trophy  object  navigating uncertain waters with her anti  hero . . . mary elizabeth mastrantonio happens to be the best in tony  s life  the only thing that is good and pure . . . her revulsion at the end of the movie is so fiery that her whole head could have blown off . . . robert loggia exhibits a weak and fearful disposition  especially when faced with pacino as a challenger . . . he proves to be a less  ambitious boss in a position of power . . . steven bauer shines as the man of charm  loyal ally and faithful friend . . .  br    br   the oliver stone  scripted  scarface  is a change in genre  lifting scene after scene of hawks  classic while updating the rise  and  fall gangster saga to modern  drug  infested miami . . . but  as always  the focus is on decadence  profanity and violencememorably a sickening chainsaw murder  rather than on the psychological and social reasons for the hoodlum  s psychopathic behavior . . .  
ya know when one looks at this brian depalma film today  i  m sure there has been allot of criticism about how dated it is . also  about the violence . when i looked at this film on vhs when i was    i thought it was ulta  violent and gritty as well . but i didn  t get  it  .  br    br   a few decades go by and man  how i know how much i didn  t get in this film   this is a remake of an excellent film which was done back in the    s     s . how can you improve upon a classic  ya don  t . but you tell a tale that is brought up to date through the eyes of the  new immigrants  during the most greed ridden decade  the over indulgent    s . depalma  stone and the gang present an ambitious  disturbing and darn right good film .  br    br   yes . . . . disco was dying and new wave  punk were taking over but these immigrants from cuba who had to make a new home in florida couldn  t tell the difference . it was exciting  it was what they wanted but how to get it     to these immigrants  there was only one way to get it in florida where they were . . by having lots of money and to get the money  you had to take over running a drug empire .  br    br   al pacino was fantastic to me as tony montana  the  little train that could  . what an amazing way to have your lead character look at america to fight  kill  steal . lie  cheat all to get    the money  the women and the power .   br    br   that  s what tony saw as the american dream .  br    br   he wanted it  he wanted to live it and in his circle saw nothing wrong with how he went to get it . tony montana  s command of the english language was heavily saturated with the  f  word but what did you expect  emily post  s finishing school for him and his co  horts  look at how they came to america  what they knew  what they were exposed to . this is the way tony and his crew chose to  be all they can be in america .  it was all about the power . tony montana would and did anything to achieve it . . it all its violent  lying  stealing  crooked  thieving glory .  br    br   the part of the film that personified the      s to me  is the money laundering . tony  s crew bringing sacks of drug money to the bank . did those around tony and his crew care  at the clubs where he spent and drank  nope . money was money and with money  you get the power . tony was living high off the hog . he and his pretty blond american trophy he married played well by michelle pfieffer .  br    br   after tony montana  s rise to power  he finds out its really crappy up there . he  s riddled with doubt  he  s drug addicted  he  s paranoid  he  s surrounded by those who want to take him on in a bloody take  over  his trophy    s american blonde drug addicted wife he finds out is a bore  he needs to keep atop of his empire because . . . he  s going down . and down he goes in a horrific violent fashion  but again i ask  what do you expect   br    br   this is the quintessential      s film telling you a warped tale of how some misunderstand the american dream . . . to obsession . it  s violent  bloody  overly so . . but it drives the point disturbingly home . not all cubans thrown out of cuba who landed in florida in the    s were anything like tony montana . give me a break . but the showing of how miserable the      s were with its emphasis on greed and money as the only measures in the usa to  be somebody  and have power took its tool on these poor characters and their lives in america .  br    br   makes you wonder   has anything from then   been learned today   
directed by brian de palma and written by oliver stone   scarface  is a movie that will not be forgotten . a cuban refugee named tony montana  pacino  comes to america for the american dream . montana then becomes the  king  in the drug world as he ruthlessly runs his empire of crime in miami  florida . this gangster movie is very violent  and some scenes are unpleasant to watch . this movie has around     f  words and is almost three hours long . this movie is entertaining and you will never get bored . you cheer for the drug  lord  and in some scenes you find out that montana isn  t as evil as some other crime lords . this is a masterpiece and i recommend that you see this . you will not be disappointed .      
  a classic is something that everybody wants to have read but nobody wants to read . a classic is also something that everyone praises but no one has read .   mark twain  br    br    classic  seems to be the word used to describe  scarface   brian depalma  s     film about opulence  self surrender  greed  and danger among florida  s drug ring . people and critics  and rappers for that matter  deem this film  an epic gangster classic  or  eptiome of gangster films .  when it is anything but . it is praised for all the wrong reasons . scarface is a terrific film that deserves praise from all over  but not all the praise it gets from audiences today  and therefor the fine points it so poignantly makes are missed by the general public .  br    br   first off  the film is about a cuban refugee  with a past of wanting to escape communism grasp and find happiness . simple  yes . but the layers of de palma  s directing genius  and the great story written by oliver stone  yes i know  he actually wrote a real good one here  play into all of it . the characters are all looking for an escape  as escape is a natural element dealt with in the film by all . each character has something to offer  that makes them likable by everyone who could appreciate this film . they are entwined in a world of mystique and money  but all that has a price  as they all learn . each character thinks they are getting better chances in life  when in true dramatic irony  they are actually getting worse .  tragedy  would be a better word to describe this movie . all those who praise the film for it  s drug usage  it  s violence  it  s dialog  totally missed the point . there is nothing really positive about the film besides the characters positive expectations of themselves . and that is why the film works so well . the devastation through out the film serves to deliver the message of the film  not to look cool or attract viewers . brian de palma doesn  t make movies for cult gangsters  or brainless action fans .  br    br   next on  the film is an adult drama . it is not a  gangster film  . it has it  s share of action  but the action is plotted very carefully  so it has a point . it  s not like  aliens   an example of a big dumb action film  and most audiences perceive this film as a big dumb action gangster film about doing drugs and shooting people . ridiculous . hogwash . if this film is about that  then it is about how bad it is . not a promotion of it .  br    br   this being said  the film is indeed a great film . it has great cinematography that pulls you into the story . it has a very dramatic score  in true giorgio moroder style   which simply could give you chills  or bring you to tears . the film is rather lengthy  but it is a story  and each moment counts . the acting is terrific . al pacino  enough said . he can do any role that he puts his mind to  and this was no exception . pretty boy steven bauer  as manny . i didn  t think much of him in other films he did  but he actually makes you like him when he goes under maestro de palma  s direction . michelle pfeiffer is a true gem as elvira . popping  fresh off the heels of a sort of embarrassment in  grease   she got her ticket to ride performing a no holds barred performance of a beauty that is more than meets the eye . but the three true diamonds in this rough are mary elizabeth mastrontonio as tony  s sister gina  who when she smiles  or cries  we see her soul and her fresh way of living  and watch it deteriorate paul shenar as alejandro sosa  a drug lord  who runs deeper than a river  and shenar portrays him as so and miriam colom as tony and gina  s torn mother . these three dig the film as deep as it can go .  br    br   this reviewer learned one main thing when watching  scarface  for the first time . always go into a film unsuspecting . all the hype and talk of this film cannot possibly prepare you for what you really see . only knowing de palma  like i do  can give you even a glimpse of what this film holds . so ignore the rap crap  ignore the mindless violence supporters  and fix yourself a glass of bailey  s on the rocks  and indulge yourself in an emotional viewing of a great film  the real  scarface .   
this is one of my all time favorites .  br    br   if the movie has a flaw  it  s that it comes at you like a raging bull . it doesn  t so much engage the viewer as assault him .   scarface   is as voracious and unyielding a production as tony montana himself . nothing is left to the viewer  s imagination .  br    br   moroder  s languorous synthpop fits the action to a tee . like the chorus in a greek tragedy  it wails and gnashes  broods and tugs  a constant reminder of tony  s inexorable fate .  br    br   not so much a tale of caution as a disaster in progress    scarface   rips across the screen with the unstoppable force of a runaway train .  
the last hunt is the forgotten hollywood classic western . the theme of genocide via buffalo slaughter is present in other films but never so savagely . robert taylor  s against  type role as the possessed buffalo and indian killer is his finest performance .  br    br   in the     s  your mom dropped you and your friends off at the saterday matine  usually featuring a western or comedy . but it was wrong then and now to let a youngster watch psycho  dramas like the searchers and the last hunt . let the kids wait a few years before exposing them to films with repressed sexual sadism and intense racial hatred .  br    br   why did mom fail to censor these films  because they featured  safe  hollywood stars like taylor and john wayne . but the climatic scene in the last hunt is as horrifying as vincent price  s mutation in the fly .  br    br   the mythology of the white buffalo  part of the texture of this movie  was later ripped  off by other movies including the white buffalo  starring charles bronson as wild bill hickock . the laugh here is that bronson used to play indians .  br    br   today a large remnant bison herd resides in yellowstone national park in wyoming . in the winter  hunger forces surplus animals out of the park into montana  where they are sometimes harvested by idaho  s nez perce indians under a us treaty right that pre  dates the lincoln presidency . linclon signed the congressional act which authorized the continental railroad and started the buffalo slaughter .  
  scarface  has a major cult following even now    years after its release .  br    br   it has also been widely criticized as being very tacky  unrefined  over  the  top and all bloated up  these are people who compare scarface to the godfather movies . it is true that on the technical front   cinematography  screenplay  direction  etc .  scarface is way behind  the godfather  .  br    br   but it is also true  that what scarface has and some other gangster movies lack  is the rawness  the sheer crude approach of the gangsters . the latino gangsters in this movie look much more menacing and real than any of the polished italian or irish gangsters from other gangster classics like  the godfather  or  goodfellas  . this is one of the major winning points of scarface and i strongly believe that this fact has been written off as  tackiness  by most critics  i have seen the original     scarface  and i must say that both these movies are way too different from each other and should be seen as two different movies instead of praising the original over the  remake    br    br   al pacino has been criticized to be over  the  top and loud in this movie . but how about considering that that is precisely the way the film  makers wanted tony montana  s character to be  he is this angry young man who takes hasty decisions and throws fits of tantrum every other minute  he is not the calm michael corleone here . he is tony montana  a very tacky  uneducated individual who doesn  t really think much and gets angry all the time   br    br   there is definitely a very   s feel to this movie . the soundtrack is all   s  i love some of the songs  including  gina and elvira  s theme    push it to the limit  and the title track instrumental .  br    br   there are some memorable and beautifully shot sequences  including the famous chainsaw scene  the rebenga hit  the first meeting with sosa and tony  s visit to his mother  s .  br    br   about the performances al pacino is brilliant as the angry cuban refugee . he has reportedly mentioned that he enjoyed playing tony montana the most in his entire career . and it really does seem like he has enjoyed himself thoroughly in all his scenes  one wonders what  scarface  would be like without pacino . i just couldn  t imagine anyone else portraying tony montana and in all probabilities  the film wouldn  t be as effective without him   br    br   steven bauer shines as tony  s friend manny .  br    br   robert loggia is wonderful as tony  s boss  lopez . so is f . murray abraham  as omar  in a small role .  br    br   then there is some eye  candy in the form of elvira played by michelle pfeiffer . she looks beautiful and is adequate in her role .  br    br   the director does go a bit overboard during a particular part in the climax . without revealing anything  i would only say that that was the only little part that suffers due to improper handling .  br    br    scarface  is definitely one of the most entertaining and one of the best gangster movies to ever come out . enjoy it for what it is a raw portrayal of the drug lords and their gangland   
every great gangster movie has under  currents of human drama . don  t expect an emotional story of guilt  retribution and despair from  scarface  . this is a tale of ferocious greed  corruption  and power . the darker side of the fabled  american dream  .  br    br   anybody complaining about the  cheesiness  of this film is missing the point . the superficial characters  cheesy music  and dated fashions further fuel the criticism of this life of diabolical excess . nothing in the lives of these characters really matter  not on any human level at least . in fact the film practically borderlines satire  ironic considering all the gangsta rappers that were positively inspired by the lifestyle of tony montana .  br    br   this isn  t brian depalma  s strongest directorial effort  it is occasionally excellent and well  handled  particularly the memorable finale   but frequently sinks to sloppy and misled . thankfully  it is supported by a very strong script by oliver stone  probably good therapy for him  considering the coke habit he was tackling at the time  . the themes are consistent  with the focus primarily on the life of tony montana  and the evolution of his character as he is consumed by greed and power . the dialogue is also excellent  see  sawing comfortably between humour and drama . there are many stand  out lines  which have since wormed their way into popular culture in one form or another .  br    br   the cast help make it what it is as well  but this is really pacino  s film . one of his earlier less subtle performances  something much more common from him nowadays   this is a world entirely separate from michael corleone and frank serpico . yet he is as watchable here as ever  in very entertaining  and intentionally over  the  top  form . it is hard to imagine another tony montana after seeing this film  in possibly one of the most mimicked performances ever . pfeiffer stood out as dull and uncomfortable on first viewing  but i  ve come to realize how she plays out the part of the bored little wife . not an exceptional effort  but unfairly misjudged . the supporting players are very good too  particularly paul shenar as the suave alejandro sosa .  br    br   powerful  occasionally humorous  sometimes shocking  and continually controversial .  scarface  is one of the films of the eighties  whatever that might mean to you  . an essential and accessible gangster flick  and a pop  culture landmark .      
this movie was for a while in my collection  but it wasn  t before a friend of mine reminded me about it  until i decided that i should watch it . i did not know much about close to leo  just that it was supposed to be excellent coming out of age movie and it deals with a very serious topic  aids .  br    br   although the person who has aids  is leo  the scenario wraps around the way in which marcel  the youngest brother of leo  coupes with the sickness of his relative . at first everyone is trying to hide the truth from marcel  he is believed to be too young to understand the sickness of his brother  the fact that leo is also a homosexual contributes to the unwillingness of the parents to discus the matter with the young marcel . i know from experience that on many occasions most older people do not want to accept the fact that sometimes even when someone is young this does not automatically means that he will not be able to accept the reality and act in more adequate manner then even themselves . with exception of the fact that the family tried to conceal the truth from marcel  they have left quite an impression for me  the way they supported their son  even after discovering the truth about his sexuality and his sickness . the fact that they allowed the young marcel to travel along with leo to paris to meet his ex boyfriend was quite a gesture from them most families i know will be reluctant to do that . there is a lot of warmth in the scenes in which the brothers spend some time together  you can see them being real friends  concern about each other .  br    br   close to leo is an excellent drama  which i strongly recommend  
i saw this movie about a week ago and still keep thinking about it . i was very moved by this movie . i found the characters very believable and likable almost to a fault . as in real life though sometimes people disappoint  as was the case with leo  who even though i liked his character i could not have been more disappointed when he was willing to have unprotected sex even though fully aware of his hiv status . i was also disappointed with leo for rejecting the medicine available to him  and the awful way he treated marcel when he decided to ship him back home on the train . i think this movie showed in a very real way why hiv numbers are up in young gay men . this is in no way meant to bash gays  i am gay  and movie very well could have been made about a young straight person who makes bad choices and seems unaware of the consequences to himself and others . the only part of the movie i couldn  t understand was why the  gay friendly  family was unwilling to include marcel in leo  s illness to the point of not allowing him to go to the funeral .  br    br   i think the biggest message from this movie is that whether gay or straight is do not have unprotected sex   
i found this film to be a fascinating study of a family in crisis . when leo  the oldest announces that he is hiv the reactions of the family members alone and with each other was touching and yet strange .  br    br   i have never seen a family that was as physically demonstrative as this one nor one as likely to shout at each other . i didn  t understand why the family felt that youngest couldn  t deal with the news but once past that difficult i found this a thoroughly moving film .  br    br    
this film made for french tv deals with the tragic effect it has for a close knit family . when leo  the young man at the center of the story is diagnosed as having the aids virus  announces it to his parents  they just can  t believe it . the film is a character study on how this family deals with its subject .  br    br   the director  christophe honore  has to be congratulated for bringing this frank account to the screen . nowhere but in france could this story make it to the movies because of the subject matter .  br    br   the news has a devastating effect on marcel  the young brother who hears about what leo has contracted  in spite of the way the parents want to shelter him from reality .  br    br   yaniss lespart and pierre mignard do a convincing job in portraying the brothers .  
i loved this movie . first  because it is a family movie . second  because it offers a refreshing take on dealing with the news of hiv in a family  with far less hysteria than what i have normally seen in the movies . the brothers are very close  yet are not judgmental . their desire to protect the youngest brother is noble  but not needed in the end . i understand that leo  s choice on how to deal with his treatment may not have been the most popular one with people  but i believed it was the right choice for him . i can  t believe that this was a french television programme . it had great production values . i gave this movie a ten  and i think you will too  once you have seen it .  
it is projected that between     and        million people will die prematurely as a result of aids . the projected toll is greatest in sub  saharan africa where   million additional deaths can be expected . beyond the grim statistics are personal stories that we rarely hear about . christophe honor describes one of the most moving in close to leo  a film produced for french television as part of a series dealing with issues facing young people . though fictional  it deals with a situation that is unfortunately too common   the effect of a diagnosis of hiv on a loving close  knit family .  br    br   when twenty one  year old leo  pierre mignard  tells his parents and two teenage brothers  tristan  rodolphe pauley  and pierrot  jeremie lippmann  that he has aids  the family is devastated . out of concern for his youth  they decide to withhold the information from his youngest brother     year old marcel  yannis lespert  but he overhears the conversation and begins to sulk and act erratically . when leo goes to paris for treatment  he takes marcel with him but the young boy confronts leo and demands to know the truth . leo tells him that he is ill and marcel is sad but accepting . when he brings marcel along to meet some former gay friends  however  tension between them boils to the surface  setting the stage for a riveting conclusion .  br    br   although i was uncomfortable with scenes in bed involving physical contact between the brothers  i feel that the sincerity of close to leo and the brilliant performances by lespert and mignard more than tip the scales in its favor . seeing events unfold from the young boy  s perspective gives the film an authenticity that reminded me of the quebecois film leolo and truffaut  s the    blows . unlike some american films that dance around the anguish of aids  close to leo tells a harsh truth but does so in a way that is tender and wonderfully real .  
it was very heart  warming . as an expatriated french  i particularly enjoyed this  tv  movie  which i think deserves a broader distribution . the acting was good  and the bonds between each member of this rural french family seemed so  br    br   strong and so natural . no doubt a great movie about the concept of family and inclusion in the face of homosexuality and aids . one of the strongest aspect of the movie is this privileged relationship between the eldest son  leo   who has contracted hiv  and the youngest son  marcel   to whom the rest of the family try to hide the situation . the two characters  br    br   progressively explore each other as time runs out for leo  who is not willing to spend the rest of his life surviving under drugs . . .  
well  made but basically dreary low  life melodrama which  according to the accompanying interview with lead isabelle huppert  writer  director pialat infused with a good deal of autobiographical detail given the mainly unsympathetic characters involved  it doesn  t do him any compliments  and he does seem to have been a troubled man  as huppert also says that pialat often disappeared for days on end during the shoot   br    br   the acting is uniformly excellent  however despite their relatively young age  huppert and co  star gerard depardieu  as the title character   were already at the forefront of modern french stars  a status which  with varying degrees of success  they both still hold to this day .  br    br   i have  more of pialat  s films in my  vhs to watch  pile  albeit all in french without english subtitles due to this fact but also loulou  s oppressive realism  in spite of its undeniable artistic merit  i can  t say that i  m in any particular hurry to check them out now . . .  
i was initially dubious about this movie  merely because of the subject   but the richly drawn characters  the fabulous scenes of the buffalo hunt  and the dramatic conclusion make it well  worth watching . i initially had trouble distinguishing between the two buffalo hunters but as the movie progressed they increasingly distinguished themselves . i am still haunted by the final scene .  
this is quite a dull movie . well  shot with realistic performances especially a very good one from depardieu as a cad and bad boy with realistic locations mood and art  house connotations all over  it fails because the director takes no position  stand or critical commentary on the topic he stipulates . one of france  s revered and regular working partner on films with depardieu  i believe they made  together  pialat fails to engage . it seems to be a treatise on why women fall for the bad boy who will hurt when they have a ready caring boyfriend and good  hearted husband around . isabelle hupert who plays the philanderer with nonchalant distinction offers opprobrium answers like  i don  t know    i like his arms    i like the way he makes love  to her inquiring husband who tries to kick her out of the house but palliates and reconsiders because . . . i assume he loves her . so he accepts and hope for what  that she will one day wake up and come to her senses . things like this are not answered in pialat  s condescending docu  drama style with long speeches and even longer scenes that don  t add up . i know the answers do not add up but please take a stand . jules et jim  this is not . the final shot as cold as the movie we have just watched is a heartache and headache only to the most forgiving .  
  loulou  delights in the same way an expensive  high quality french wine does . it leaves you with a very fine aftertaste .  br    br    loulou  s theme isn  t new . the film doesn  t carry an original plot either . its colored picturing shows fine  but not extraordinary . its setting is serious . its elegant styling never and nowhere puts any weight on your mind .  br    br   whatever one further may say about  loulou   it  s beyond doubt that this very french film stands out for its excellent acting . the three leads convincingly reflect all numerous doubts and tenses sparkling between them  making the plot alive . their acting fully invites you to participate  to make friends .  br    br   for those around at the time   loulou  also provides an extra bonus its perfectly captured mood of     .  
pialat films people in extreme emotional situations  usually with several violent scenes . in la gueule ouverte  he  s dealing with the devastating effects on a woman  s husband and son as she dies of cancer . in a nos amours  the teenage girl  s sexual experimentation leads to violent confrontations with her family . here we have a rather spoiled young woman who abandons her husband to take up with a sexy ex  con . her motivation is a little cloudy  since loulou is incapable of reading or discussing anything more challenging than tv shows on the other hand  he  s got a fabulous body  i wonder why depardieu never made a sports movie to show off that physique   he would have been great as a rugby player  .  br    br   the casting is impressive . isabelle huppert isn  t allowed to give a bland  inexpressive performance  she has given many   depardieu plays loulou with all the dynamism and charm you could want   see the scene in the bar  where he  s stabbed in the gut  runs away and seeks treatment  then soon restarts with nelly . guy marchand  with those coal  black eyes and distressed look  plays nelly  s husband beautifully it  s a fine repeat of the pairing in coup de foudre .  
the subsequent two seasons of this original series was less than lacklustre . the latter seasons disastrous reshuffle contributed to its three season short life span . maybe if the plug was pulled after the first season it would  ve gained a cult following .  br    br   aside from that  the first season was truly hilarious  witty  clever with superb writing it was promising . the first season  s excellent brew had the right ingredients  characters  actors  storyline and so forth . plus a comedy about a paparazzi reporter was original to boot . nora and her fellow  photographers  on the prowl  night after night  day after day for the exclusives .  br    br   a lot of things don  t make sense to me . like how this show  and another fav of mine  gross pointe never  made it  . if only the first seasons of the naked truth  and grosse pointe were released on dvd  please anyone out there    
a truly adorable heroine who  at turns  is surprised and terrified by giblets  wrestles with mattresses  runs full  on into closed doors . . . just a few of the moments that sparkle in my memory of  the naked truth  . i loved what i caught of this show enjoyably daft plots and some good supporting characters provided the setting for the diamond of the show  tea leoni as   nora wilde   cute  clownish  and wonderfully accident  prone  how refreshing to see an actress who can clown  it  s no wonder hollyood doesn  t seem to know how to cast her . but where  oh  where are the dvd releases  the amount of  bleep  they release  it  s incredible me that this little gem continues to remain buried .  someone please correct me if i  m wrong .   
tea leoni plays nora wilde  a serious photographer  who is going through a bad divorce . she wants her freedom but it comes at a cost . she wants to legitimate photography but is hired to work for the tabloids as a paparazzi . her boss is played by the wonderful and divine holland taylor . the show was well  written most of the time . tea  s nora was beginning to develop into quite a memorable character but the network just didn  t support comedy and they still don  t . even when they brought in george wendt from cheers  they made unnecessary changes in casting and characters . the show was fine in the beginning and the audience was getting used to it but then the network botches it up like a bad plastic surgery .  
i stumbled across rerun syndication of this show several years ago  and fell in love with it . it features ta leoni and holland taylor and kept me laughing  one episode after the next . i guess it didn  t make it so big  and was cancelled after a few seasons  but i believe it was a good run  and would suggest watching it . . . if the opportunity arises .  
this is a nice little horror flick that fans of indie films will really appreciate . it has good acting  lots of gore  and a decent plot . one will be reminded of movies like the hills have eyes and pumpkinhead . it  s obvious that the budget was not all that big  but the film really makes up for it with atmosphere and solid performances by the actors  which seems to be lacking in a lot of today  s big budget special effects  filled films . the film really moves along and there is excellent direction and good camera work . there are no wasted scenes  so the film  s length is a bit short . in addition  it looks like the ending leaves an opening for a sequel  which would be very interesting as well . so grab some popcorn  turn down the lights and enjoy this one .  
this movie is a perfect portrayal of the nutcracker the dancing is wonderful  the scenery in the background was excellent  and i loved that floating bed .  br    br   oh  and the costumes . . . i particularly loved marzipan  s  the tutu was adorable . the special effects were very well done  e . g . the tree  the bed  etc .   and i quite enjoyed the rats . i love how they didn  t make them scary  but cute and huggable . except for the king  i suppose .  br    br   if you  re a thoroughly masculine person  you won  t enjoy this  but this is a very good movie that  s good for all ages  just not all levels of testosterone .  br    br   but i have a few complaints .  br    br   firstly  why did they have to put the sugar plum fairy  s partner in those terrible tights  it would barely make a difference if he was butt naked  and secondly . . why on earth did they have to make culkin  s outfit pink   
those who have given this production such a low rating probably have never seen the celebrated george balanchine production live onstage  or are letting their disdain for the star casting of macaulay culkin influence their judgement . the atlanta ballet was fortunate enough  from the      s to the      s  to be the first ballet company authorized to stage this production other than the new york city ballet  and i have seen it live onstage several times . i can assure readers that the film is a quite accurate rendering of this production  and that the use of a child with limited dancing abilities in the title role is not a cheap stunt dreamed up to showcase culkin it was balanchine  s idea to use a child in this role  just as it was his idea to use a child for the role of marie . the  heavy  dancing is left to the adults in the story .  br    br   this is deliberately a stagebound film in a way  it resembles laurence olivier  s  othello  . exactly as in that film  the sets of the stage production have been enlarged to the size of a movie soundstage  but not made any less artificial  and the ballet is straightforwardly photographed with discreet closeups  and without the distracting  music video  quick cuts featured in the     overrated maurice sendak  carroll ballard version . there are only two false steps in this     film . one is the addition of distracting and completely unnecessary sound effects  mouse squeaks  the children whispering  ma  gic   to drosselmeyer  etc .  . those sound effects are never heard in any stage production of any  nutcracker   and they have been put in as a cheap concession simply to appease unsophisticated audiences who may not relish the idea of watching a ballet on film .  br    br   the other false step is macaulay culkin  s nutcracker make  up  which looks absolutely ridiculous . when he is on screen as the nutcracker  rather than wearing a huge mask  as is always done when the balanchine production is performed onstage   culkin is actually made up as the toy  he wears what looks like a bald cap  as well as a white wig  whiskers  and a beard . he also has his face rouged up somewhat  and the worst aspect of his make  up is that it is still recognizably his face  amateurishly transformed in a manner similar to ray bolger  jack haley and bert lahr  s makeups in  the wizard of oz   that film  s makeup results though  worked spectacularly  as this one  s does not  . and a comparison with baryshnikov  s nutcracker in his production shows how wonderfully creative baryshnikov  s nutcracker mask was  the  jaws  actually seemed to move whenever baryshnikov tilted his head back .  br    br   the dancing itself in the macaulay culkin version is excellent  of course  except for culkin himself  whose dancing  as i said  isn  t meant to even be spectacular .  the sugar plum fairy and her cavalier are the prominent dancing roles in balanchine  s production of  the nutcracker  .  the film  s colors  though  could be a bit brighter since this is a fantasy . the choreography is also brilliant  and the adaptation of it is so faithful as to include the sequence that features additional music from tchaikovsky  s ballet  the sleeping beauty   as marie sneaks downstairs  falls asleep on the sofa  and dreams that drosselmeyer is  repairing  the broken nutcracker  this sequence was  of course  never included in tchaikovsky  s original ballet    it is the only sequence in this production which features music from a work other than  the nutcracker   .  br    br   those who have missed out on this film  or those who despise  or loathe it  should give it a chance  despite its two big drawbacks . it is far better than it seems when one first hears that culkin is in it .  
the last hunt is one of the few westerns ever made to deal with buffalo hunting  both as a sport and business and as a method of winning the plains indian wars . before the white man set foot on the other side of the mississippi  the plains used to have herds of american bison as large as some of our largest cities . by the time of the period the last hunt is set in  the buffalo had been all but wiped out . the   th century  due to the efforts of conservationists  saw a revival in population of the species  but not hardly like it once was .  br    br   robert taylor and stewart granger are co  starring in a second film together and this one is far superior to all the brothers were valiant . here stewart granger is the good guy  a world weary buffalo hunter  who has to go back to a job he hates because of financial considerations .  br    br   the partner he  s chosen to throw in with is robert taylor . forgetting taylor for the moment  i doubt if there  s ever been a meaner  nastier soul than charlie gilsen who taylor portrays . in devil  s doorway he was an american indian fighting against the prejudice stirred up by a racist played by louis calhern . in the last hunt  he  s the racist here . he kills both buffalo and indians for pure pleasure . he kills one indian family when they steal his mules and takes the widow of one captive . like some barbarian conqueror he expects the pleasure of debra paget  s sexual favors . he  s actually mad when paget doesn  t see it that way .  br    br   no matter how often they refer to russ tamblyn as a halfbreed  i was never really convinced he was any part indian . it  s the only weakness i found in the last hunt .  br    br   however lloyd nolan  the grizzled old buffalo skinner taylor and granger bring along is just great . nolan steals every scene he  s in with the cast .  br    br   for those who like their westerns real  who want to see a side of robert taylor never seen on screen  and who don  t like cheap heroics  the last hunt is the ideal hunt .  
released as zentropa in north america to avoid confusion with agniezska holland  s own holocaust film europa europa  this third theatrical feature by a filmmaker who never ceases to surprise  inspire or downright shock is a bizarre  nostalgic  elaborate film about a naive american in germany shortly following the end of wwii . the american  named leo  doesn  t fully get what he  s doing there . he has come to take part in fixing up the country since  in his mind  it  s about time germany was shown some charity . no matter how that sounds  he is not a nazi sympathizer or so much as especially pro  german  merely mixed up . his uncle  who works on the railroad  gets leo a job as a helmsman on a sleeping car  and he is increasingly enmeshed in a vortex of     germany  s horrors and enigmas .  br    br   this progression starts when leo  played rather memorably by the calm yet restless actor jean  marc barr  meets a sultry heiress on the train played by barbara sukowa  an actress with gentility on the surface but internal vigor . she seduces him and then takes him home to meet her family  which owns the company which manufactures the trains . these were the precise trains that took jews to their deaths during the war  but now they run a drab day  to  day timetable  and the woman  s uncle kessler postures as another one of those good germans who were just doing their jobs . there is also udo kier  the tremendous actor who blew me away in von trier  s shocking second film epidemic  though here he is mere scenery .  br    br   another guest at the house is eddie constantine  an actor with a quiet strength  playing a somber american intelligence man . he can confirm that uncle kessler was a war criminal  though it is all completely baffling to leo . americans have been characterized as gullible rubes out of their element for decades  but little have they been more blithely unconcerned than leo  who goes back to his job on what gradually looks like his own customized death train .  br    br   the story is told in a purposely uncoordinated manner by the film  s danish director  lars von trier  whose anchor is in the film  s breathtaking editing and cinematography . he shoots in black and white and color  he uses double  exposures  optical effects and trick photography  having actors interact with rear  projected footage  he places his characters inside a richly shaded visceral world so that they sometimes feel like insects  caught between glass for our more precise survey .  br    br   this grand jury prize  winning surrealist work is allegorical  but maybe in a distinct tone for every viewer . i interpret it as a film about the last legs of nazism  symbolized by the train  and the ethical accountability of americans and others who appeared too late to salvage the martyrs of these trains and the camps where they distributed their condemned shiploads . during the time frame of the movie  and the nazi state  and such significance to the train  are dead  but like decapitated chickens they persist in jolting through their reflexes .  br    br   the characters  music  dialogue  and plot are deliberately hammy and almost satirically procured from film noir conventions . the most entrancing points in the movie are the entirely cinematographic ones . two trains halting back and forth  barr on one and sukowa on another . an underwater shot of proliferating blood . an uncommonly expressive sequence on what it must be like to drown . and most metaphysically affecting of all  an anesthetic shot of train tracks  as max von sydow  s voice allures us to hark back to europe with him  and abandon our personal restraint .  
both visually and musically stunning . a treat for both the eye and the ear . the quintessential victorian element of the opening sequences were completely enchanting  helping to create a christmas scene of which dickens himself would have been justifiably proud . technically the production is visually stimulating and the special effects are both imaginatively devised and creatively achieved in a traditional stage setting . the dancing of many of the lead artistes is breathtakingly good . the photography and lighting are first class and the sound recording admirably matches the overall high level of technical skills employed . a great film for all the family at christmas time and a most delightful discovery which will withstand multiple viewing .  
as far as i can recall  balanchine  s alterations to tchaikovsky  s score are as follows  br    br     the final section of the grossvatertanz  a traditional tune played at the end of a party  is repeated several times to give the children a last dance before their scene is over .  br    br     a violin solo  written for but eliminated from tchaikovsky  s score for the sleeping beauty  is interpolated between the end of the party scene and the beginning of the transformation scene . balanchine chose this music because of its melodic relationship to the music for the growing christmas tree that occurs shortly thereafter .  br    br     the solo for the sugar plum fairy  s cavalier is eliminated .  br    br   it seems to me the accusation that balanchine has somehow desecrated tchaikovsky  s great score is misplaced .  
this movies chronicles the life and times of william castle . he made a series of low budget horror films in the     s      s that he sold with gimmicks . in    ghosts  you need viewers to see the ghosts  they were in color  the film was in bw  .  the tingler  had theatre seats equipped with a buzzer that jolted the audience when a monster escapes into a movie theatre .  marabre  issued a life insurance policy to all members in case they were frightened to death  the movies themselves were pretty bad but the gimmicks had people rushing to see them . in this doc there are interviews with directors inspired by castle  actors in his movies and his daughter . it also gets into his home life and the kind of man he was  by all accounts he was a great guy  . the documentary is affectionate  very funny and absolutely riveting . it  s very short  under   minutes  and there  s never a dull moment . a must see for castle fans and horror movie fans . my one complaint   there were very few sequences shown from his pictures . that aside this is just great .  
i was lucky enough to catch this movie while volunteering at the maryland film festival . i  ve always been a fan of classic horror films and especially the gimmicks of william castle  so this was definitely a must  see for me .  br    br   this is about the life and work of william castle  who in my opinion was an underrated director . true  he made some cheap budget schlocky horror films  but he added something to these films real live theater gimmicks that you don  t see anymore . for example  he had nurses in case someone had a heart attack at his movies and put vibrators at the bottoms of chairs in the tingler .  br    br   this is truly a well  made documentary and brings this rather shadowed director into the light  and celebrated his contributions to horror cinema . it also paints castle as a larger than life character  who was very well  liked and had a smile on his face .  br    br   unlike most film documentaries that mostly show testaments from film historians  spine tingler  shows interviews mostly from his family members and directors who were influenced by his work  such as john waters  john landis  and joe dante . a must see for classic horror and sci  fi fans .  
i gave it a    since everyone else seemed to like it and it would have been churlish not to . the reason i  m troubling you is to add a personal observation on castle  s work .  br    br   i  ve seen  homicidal  and  the tingler   the version with the clever colour sequence where everything except the blood is in black and white  a few times and  the house on haunted hill  many times .  br    br   even i am not old enough to have seen them when castle was up to his showman tricks  thus i can appreciate them for their own merit . and while most pass him off as second  rate  schlocky  hammy  etc .  i believe they do him a disservice .  br    br   the end sequence of  homicidal  is genuinely shocking and works today  and the premise of  the tingler  while silly  was highly original .  br    br   but  the house on haunted hill  was a triumph . having used that frank lloyd wright house as its exterior  the great vincent price and a solid cast  plus a good score and production values  when i first saw it at a packed late  night showing in the late sixties  it produced an audience reaction i  d not seen before and have not seen since .  br    br   it was the bit where the heroine is alone in the basement  if you  ve not seen the film  stop reading now  and we are waiting to hear the hero on the other side of the wall .  br    br   with no telegraphing of what is coming  the camera slowly pulls back  forcing the audience to switch their gaze to . . . i  m saying no more  my  spoiler  declaration above only covers this movie  .  br    br   the point is  i believe this ploy was deliberate  not accidental  and when it happened  the whole audience screamed  including most of the men   it took the audience about ten minutes to calm down .  br    br   now that is superior film  making . a flamboyant showman he might have been  but  house  and the other two films i  ve mentioned were good movies . castle may not have been a hitchcock  but he was no ed wood  either .  br    br   it  s easy to concentrate on someone  s quirks and forget to examine their talent . so i hope this documentary acknowledged that . i look forward to seeing it .  
william castle is notorious among horror fans as the b  grade director of the     s and   s . his gimmicks  his cost  cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary . it comes as no surprise  then  that someone  jeffrey schwarz  who  s made countless documentaries  would finally take the time to devote a documentary to his greatness . such is  spine tingler the william castle story  .  br    br   i had a general understanding of who castle was  having seen some of his films over the years . i knew nothing about her personal life  his goals and ambitions . this film really fleshed out the man and gave me a fuller appreciation for the devotion he had for the craft of film  making and his contributions to the horror genre . the movie depicts castle as rival to alfred hitchcock  with hitch being the artist who wins praise while castle is the carnival barker who gains cult notoriety  but much less respect . he is an icon to all second  rate directors out there  which is why it  s not surprising that john waters is featured prominently in here .  joe dante and stuart gordon also have sizable roles .   br    br   his gimmicks were what drove his fame  and the documentary takes great pains to explain them  which is crucial for those who are too young to remember . the rudimentary   d of    ghosts   see separate review   the buzzer in the seat for  the tingler   see separate review   money back guarantees for  homicidal  . . . watching these films now outside the theater  we can judge them for their content  which  personally  i still enjoy  but we cannot fully appreciate what audiences once felt .  br    br   the climax of the film is when castle goes from cult director to hollywood producer . having bought the rights to  rosemary  s baby   he is put in a very special place for negotiating its film release . hoping to direct  he is sidelined to producer in order to make way for new director roman polanski . while at first disappointed  this proves to be one of the best opportunities of his lifetime   a hugely successful film  and a job he excels at . who better to control the purse of wild artist polanski than a penny  pinching castle  this was to be his crowning achievement  though sadly the film is more often connected to polanski than castle .  br    br   the remainder of his years are played out  and we are given personal reflections by his daughter and niece . across the board  everyone seems to have nothing but praise for the man . somewhere along the way  he surely upset one or two people  but you would never know it from this film . and i find that find   this is a celebration of bill castle  s life  not  e  true hollywood story  . fans of the genre would do well to pick up a copy of this work .  br    br   i would personally recommend picking up the william castle collection  which has not only this but eight of castle  s films in it  with plenty of special features . even this documentary comes with an audio commentary so you can hear how schwarz was personally affected by castle  and have castle  s daughter terry giving a running reflection of her experiences with the different films and remakes . it  s almost a whole new film .  
this documentary on schlockmeister william castle takes a few cheap shots at the naive    s     s environment in which he did his most characteristic work   look at the funny  silly people with the ghost  glasses   but it  s also affectionate and lively  with particularly bright commentary from john waters  who was absolutely the target audience for such things at the time  and from castle  s daughter  who adored her dad and also is pretty perceptive about how he plied his craft .  we never find out what became of the other castle offspring .  the movies were not very good  it makes clear  but his marketing of them was brilliant  and he appears to have been a sweet  hardworking family man . fun people keep popping up  like  straight jacket   s diane baker  who looks great  and anne helm  whom she replaced at the instigation of star joan crawford . darryl hickman all but explodes into giggles at the happy memory of working with castle on  the tingler   and there  s enough footage to give us an idea of the level of castle  s talent   not very high  but very energetic . a pleasant look at a time when audiences were more easily pleased  and it does make you nostalgic for simpler movie  going days .  
hitchcock was of the opinion that audiences aren  t really interested in what puts protagonists into danger  only that they are in danger  and need to escape .  br    br   this film proves hitchcock was not     correct . police believe jean simmons is guilty of a crime  when she plainly isn  t . trevor howard decides their best course of action is to run for it . and so  the body of the movie has our charismatic pair dodging on and off trains  buses and coaches  jumping across rocks at the top of a waterfall  scrambling across dockyard roofs .  br    br   all good exciting stuff  but i couldn  t get out of my mind that it was all unnecessary . they should have stayed put .  br    br   in other words  the macguffin wasn  t strong enough .  
this film plays really well with an audience . especially once the chase begins . plus  trevor howard with his sensible  smart charms and jean simmons with her innocent demeanor and piercing eyes are terrific together .  br    br   the film starts as a psychological drama but after the murder it segues into a chase thriller as the two leads head for the border . some may think the chase is superfluous but actually the chase is essential because it aids in clearing the mind of the jean simmons character by getting her out of the oppressive household  plus it helps bring out the real killer  who is suddenly put into such a position that they have to finish the job . the killer rightly believed that once the simmons character was arrested she would be put away . and it is true that her lack of control in the household  as well as evidence pointing her way  there is no way she would have gotten out of the murder charge . the chase that ensues helps bring out the truth .  br    br   this is an entertaining film . seek it out if you can find it .  
a young woman  jean simmons  is convinced by her scheming and dangerous aunt  sonia dresdel  and uncle  barry jones  that she  s losing her mind and in very delicate condition that requires their supervision which turns out to be more like manipulation  as they try to keep her as far away from outside human contact as possible . the only other person she sees is the estate caretaker  a lascivious character played by maxwell reed  whose caught the wayward eye of the middle  aged aunt . all of this  the aunt and the caretaker  the butterfly expert uncle who has a serious underside to him  and the susceptible niece in the middle  would have made for a darker and more sinister film . as it is  a frame  up for a murder sends trevor howard  a fired government secret service agent who took a job at the estate cataloging butterflies  and simmons across the countryside escaping police  catching headlines of  police net closing in  over her front page photo  hopping on buses  and winding up in liverpool  where they meet some wonderfully cast characters  and finally face down the greedy and murderous aunt and uncle .  
for some reason  this film has never turned up in its original language in my neck of the woods  despite owning the tcm uk cable channel  which broadcasts scores of mgm titles week in week out  . more disappointingly  it  s still m . i . a . on dvd  even from warners  recently  announced  western classics collection  box set  which does include  other robert taylor genre efforts   maybe  they  re saving it for an eventual  signature collection  devoted to this stalwart of mgm  which may be coming next year in time for the   th anniversary of his passing  br    br   i say this because the film allows him a rare villainous role as a selfish westerner with a fanatical hatred of indians and who opts to exploit his expert marksmanship by making some easy money hunting buffaloes an opening statement offers the alarming statistic that the population of this species was reduced from           to      in the space of just   years  as an associate  taylor picks on former professional of the trade stewart granger  who rallies alcoholic  peg  legged lloyd nolan  who continually taunts the irascible and vindictive taylor  and teenage half  breed russ tamblyn to this end . as expected  the company  s relationship is a shaky one  reminiscent of that at the centre of anthony mann  s the naked spur        another bleak open  air mgm western . the film  in fact  ably approximates the flavor and toughness of mann  s work in this field  despite being writer  director brooks  first of just a handful of such outings but which  cumulatively  exhibited a remarkable diversity   here  too  the narrative throws in a female presence  debra paget  also a half  breed  to be contended between the two rugged leads  and granger  like the james stewart of the naked spur  returns to his job only grudgingly  his remorse at having to kill buffaloes for mere sport and profit is effectively realized  .  br    br   the latter also suffers in seeing taylor take paget for himself  she bravely but coldly endures his approaches  while secretly craving for granger  and lets out his frustration on the locals at a bar while drunk  taylor  himself  doesn  t come out unscathed from the deal like the protagonist of the treasure of the sierra madre        he becomes diffident and jealous of his associates  especially with respect to a rare  and  therefore  precious  hide of a white buffalo they  ve caught he even goes buffalo  crazy at one point  as nolan had predicted   becoming deluded into taking the rumble of thunder for the hooves of an approaching mass of the species  the hunting scenes themselves are impressive  buffaloes stampeding  tumbling to the ground when hit  the endless line  up of the day  s catch  and the carcasses which subsequently infest the meadows . the film  s atypical but memorable denouement  then  is justly famous with winter in full swing  a now  paranoid taylor out for granger  s blood lies in wait outside a cave  in which the latter and paget have taken refuge  to shoot him when granger emerges the next morning  he discovers taylor in a hunched position  frozen to death   br    br   incidentally  my father owns a copy of the hefty source novel of this  by milton lott  from the time of the film  s original release actually  he has collected a vast number of such editions  it is  after all  a practice still in vogue  where a book is re  issued to promote its cinematic adaptation . likewise for the record  taylor and granger  who work very well off each other here  had already been teamed  as sibling whale hunters   in the seafaring adventure all the brothers were valiant       which  curiously enough  is just as difficult to see  in fact  even more so  considering that it  s not even been shown on italian tv for what seems like ages     
a delightful little thriller opens with trevor howard in his jag convertible and ends on a dockside in liverpool . it  s all thrills and spills as the ex  spy has to restart his career just as he  s getting some serious r  r cataloguing butterflies  how british is that   .  br    br   trevor howard and jean simmons frolic from london to newcastle  upon  tyne to liverpool  via ullswater   he  s just been thrown out of mi  or something  and she  you guessed it  is on the run  wrongly accused of murder . there  s seedy docks  rolling lake district hills  sheep  country pubs  coppers getting lost  waterfalls  a bunch of amateur cyclists  rooftop chases  and lots of chinamen  don  t ask   and it  s all very hitchcocky and hannayesque . . .  br    br   . . and a smashing example of british noir . . .  
the clouded yellow is a compact psychological thriller with interesting characterizations . barry jones and kenneth more are both terrific in supporting roles in characters that both have more to them than what meets the eye . jean simmons is quite good  and trevor howard makes a fascinatingly offbeat suspense hero .  
i enjoyed albert pyun  s  nemesis  for its cheesy action and semi  complicated script . a lot of people complain about the  confusing  plot to the first film  which is probably why  nemesis   nebula  has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super  action to carry it through .  br    br   this one gives the name of the first movie  s hero  alex  to a bulked up super  female sent to the past to save the future . she is raised by a tribe in africa . a good portion of the film only has dialogue in an african tongue without subtitles  which i liked because it made it seem somewhat authentic  how often do movies in this genre really try to do that   . it doesn  t take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her .  br    br   don  t get me wrong  this is a piece of crap  not that the first one was anything great  . there are subplots involving africa  s political unrest  treasure hunting  and tribal combat . the picture is very short on brains  so none of these things gets a very good treatment . the picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle  babe vs . cyborg . it has its entertainment value  just don  t expect quality  or anything of the first movie .  
this is an excellent film for female body  builder  female action fans  i think that sue price did a great job in this film series  nemesis       and proved to be a great fighter . she has a very striking appearance and a will of iron to resist the powerful nebula  nemesis   . though not a film of great value and sue price  s acting skills not the best to have met in my life  the movie itself was something awesome  a priceless gem for fans of female body  builder action  well  some parts of nemesis  have been copied by other famous sci  fi films  such as terminator or predator  but that  s not the point . the point is that a . puyn casted in that film a very talented body  builder who put all of her energy and body talent to show us the best she can do . i really enjoyed that film and watched with the same enthusiasm nemesis   a rather boring sequel  and nemesis   a much more interesting sequel than   . what a pity it hasn  t shown yet on dvd     
you know  this movie isn  t that great  but  i mean  c  mon  it  s about angels helping a baseball team . i find the plot line to be hilarious anyways  this kid  s dad says he  ll take him back if the angels win the pennant  because he knows they won  t  kid prays to his fake god to help the angels win  god helps the whole time  via the angel christopher lloyd  rip  and in the end  his dad doesn  t take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face . it  s hilarious until danny glover adopts it and it  s friend .  br    br   i guess the upside is that the old lady is left alone to die with her stitchin  projects and her stories . the real winner here  though  is god . because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows .  br    br   as a kids movie  it gets a  . as a movie about the mysteries of blind  stupid faith  and the nature of  god   it gets a   .  
but how can you stand to mange a baseball team that can  t win . for george knox  it is not easy . as the movie opens  roger beaumont  joseph  gordon  levitt  and his best friend j . p  milton davis jr .  are riding on thier bikes around the angels  stadium . when they return to thier foster mother  s home  roger is suprised to have a visit from his dad  dermot mulroney  . his mom is dead  and when he asks his father when they going to be a family again  he father jokes  i say when the angels win the division championship  so later on  roger and j . p hide in a tree to watch the angels play baseball . when the manger george knox  danny glover  take out his pitcher  the pitcher gets mad and gets into a fight with him  and soon the angels team get into the fightm that gets knox ejected from the game . that night roger makes a prayer  for the angles win the championship . when his foster mother maggie nelson  brenda ficker  agrees that roger and j . p go to a basball  roger sees real angles come on the field and helps the left fielder  matthew mcconaughey  makes a catch  that leaves the manger and the play  by  play man  jay . o sanders  how did he to that . roger learns from the head angel  christopher lloyd  that only he can see the angles  because he was the only that prayed for help .  br    br         
with all the  adult  innuendos in todays family movies its nice to see one where you don  t have to worry about that and can just sit back and enjoy a family with your kids . yes  this movie might have a few swear  words  there  s that time where knox swears  but they don  t let you hear the full words   but for the most part this movie is truly as clean as they come  and that  s including movies from back in the day  . not only that  its very enjoyable  one of my favorites  and just a great clean and fun movie to watch with the family .  br    br   the only thing i have against this movie is that it is too short and i wish there could be more of some of the memorable parts that are in it  i  m not going to mention them because i don  t want any spoilers here .  br    br   all in all nicely done and a great movie to watch so go out and get the kids  make some cookies  and watch this movie   
yeah  the archetype of a simple but inspirational movie . the very end when the entire crowd in the stadium gets up and the people raise their hands gives me a chill whenever i see it . that  s just brilliant . joseph is wonderful as the lonely and sad kid who has so far been disappointed by anyone and anything in his life . the way he interacts with danny glover and tries to make him believe in the magic and the angels is funny and exhilarating . a very nice family movie with  i concede  a rather corny happy end . but hey  it doesn  t really matter  the movie retains its basic quality by the good acting and the inspirational themes .  
  angels in the outfield  was originally a     movie from the ted turner library disney remade it in      this time  using the california angels  now the los angeles angels  as the team  disney used to own this and the anaheim mighty ducks hockey team also  good use of the words  huh       .  br    br   this movie was about a couple of orphaned children who wanted a family . a man promised the boys a family  only if the angels won the pennant . so  he called upon god one night about this . the boy who prayed could see the help coming on the way  and only that boy   for instance  when the first angel had come down  a player hit a ball so hard not only did the bat break  so did the ball      for much of the post  all star season of      the angels were at the top of the al west  of which my home team the rangers is one and it still is  . however  they lost a game because the boy was at court instead of the white sox  angels game  there was no central division in baseball back then  hence chicago being in the west   and no angels were there to help . thus  a new rule was created no angels can help in championship games . but wait  in the final championship game  the angels won      it was a miracle indeed   br    br   what i liked about this film this is a good movie . i mean  i prayed every night for the last few years asking for help with school and stuff look at me now  my work was good      so for one  this shows that if you believe  god can send his angels down to help you with any troubles that you may have in life . and second  this is a family baseball movie  which is always exciting . this is an old disney movie  too i  ve seen this just recently on the new disney channel  blech       .  br    br    angels in the outfield  will change your life forever once you  ve seen it       br    br         
this movie is perfect for families to watch together . it is a great film and it deserves more credit . the special effects are stunning and spectacular . everyone who has children should share this with theirs .  
robert taylor as the mad buffalo hunter charlie gilson is the main character in this film . at the beginning i was thinking that charlie would end up redeeming himself like john wayne in the searchers or james stewart in the naked spur . but as the film goes along gilson keeps doing more atrocities until you realize there is no hope for him . stewart granger is sandy mckenzie  who wants to stop hunting because he realizes that the buffaloes will soon be gone and he becomes disgusted by the act of killing . gilson is a natural killer who makes no distinction between animals or human beings . debra paget as the indian girl is a surprising character considering the self imposed censorship of that time . she lies with gilson in total resignation even though she hates him . the last scene of a frozen gilson  is unforgettable .  
christopher lloyd is funny and really believable as  al the head angel  . this movie is much better than the first  but it has great special effects that the first did not have as well as a much better plot and writing .  br    br   ok  it was written for kids  but adults have as much fun as the kids do . tony danza does a very realistic job in his role  but this is not a taxi reunion .  br    br   danny glover is actually good and even seems to be very human in his emotions as well as showing some real acting talent for a change  a pleasant change .  br    br   watch at least once  it is worth the effort to catch it .  
this movie was one of the best disney movies i  ve ever seen . great for the entire family to watch . the ideas may be a little far  fetched  but it  s a feel  good comedy and the acting is great . love the little boy  j . p . and academy award winner adrien brody  s part may have been very short  but very memorable . highly recommended .  
one of disney  s best films that i can enjoy watching often . you may easily guess the outcome  but who cares  its just plain fun escape for  hour forty  two minutes . and after all wasn  t movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway  the cast sparkles with delight .  magictrain  
one of disney  s best films that i can enjoy watching often . you may easily guess the outcome  but who cares  its just plain fun escape for  hour forty  two minutes . and after all wasn  t movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway  the cast sparkles with delight .  magictrain  
great movie and the family will love it   if kids are bored one day just pop the tape in and you  ll be so glad you did     br    br   rube  br    br   i luv raven  s   
i happened to catch this movie on cable one afternoon . i have to admit that i  ve never been a big baseball fan  but i can sometimes get into a good sports  related movie . what i found more interesting was the depiction of the foster family system . as a therapist who has seen both the good and the bad of the community mental health and foster system  i though it was rather refreshing to see a movie that showed both the ups and downs of this system people jumping from family to family  biological parents not always taking an active involvement  and transitions that can be but heart  wrenching and heart  melting . joseph gordon  levitt and danny glover are the anchor of this film  and both bring very believable performances . maybe it was just my emotional state  but i did find myself shedding a tear at the end of the film .  
the quality of this movie is simply unmatched by any baseball title of its time . pam dixon branches out in the film industry to recruit blue  chip prospects and make this work of art a must  see . academy award winners brenda fricker  home alone lost in new york  a time to kill   ben johnson  the last picture show  red dawn   and adrien brody  the pianist  the village  amplify the atmosphere of the movie  drawing in an anxious audience . however  the dramatic performances are neutralized by quirky radio broadcaster jay o . sanders  jfk  the day after tomorrow  .  br    br   the story is centralized around a foster child  up  and  coming actor joseph gordon  levitt  brick  the lookout  . sidekick milton davis jr . delivers a tear  jerking performance as the longtime friend who never knew his parents . the two don  t have much  but what they do have angels  baseball  and what they are seeking identity . that  s when   time emmy nominee danny glover  lethal weapon  predator   comes in to save the day as frustrated angels manager  george knox . in relation  all characters in the story seem to have the same mission search within themselves to find out who they really are .  br    br   depressed over the fact that roger  jgl  is separated from his father  he wishes to god for reunification if the angels can take the pennant . odds are astronomical  but   time emmy winner christopher lloyd  back to the future  my favorite martian  comes in as the omniscient overseer to work a little magic  pun  . before you know it  al  lloyd  is sitting with roger in the stands  snacking on cracker jacks  and causing some of baseball  s biggest boners  dorothy kingsley and george wells   dk oscar nominee gw oscar winner      screenplay is done justice under the finger of mastermind william dear  nominated in directors guild of america  . he includes a touching side story centered around pitcher mel clark  played by tony danza    time golden globe nominee  emmy nominee   who in relation to all other cast members is just trying to find his place in a confused anaheim . clark has been dubbed a wash  up  a once big  name in cinci  but he has something to prove to manager knox .  br    br   spoiling this nail  biting plot would simply be the equivalent to committing adultery in the   th century . this one is a diamond in the rough  and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until all come to peace . did i mention a cameo by matthew mcconaughey  a time to kill  we are marshall  for all you ladies out there   
i have to say despite it  s reviews angels in the outfield was a pretty good movie . i like the fact how it teaches kids to always have faith and never give up because yes miracles can happen . unlike the other baseball movies this one particular movie stood out because of hits amazing special effects and well orchestrated soundtrack which was very interesting . though i liked this movie it did have some flaws such as some irrelevancy  i . e . towards the end when ray mitchell hits a homer he doesn  t step on the plate and therefore that wouldn  t be a score . but that  s just nitpicking .  i have to say i was really impressed with this movie  s presence and moral just have faith  don  t give up .  
this movie  while seemingly based off of a movie of the same title in     released by mgm and starring janet leigh  is still a great film . danny glover in one of his best performances brings george knox  a down on his luck baseball manager with a short temper  to life . as for this movie being  stacked   how about adding christopher lloyd  his stage experience works and shows through in his performances on screen  a wonderful actor   joseph gordon  levitt  third rock from the sun   brenda fricker  a charming and well seasoned irish actress   tony danza  yes even he is good in this film   matthew mcconaughey  he stole the show in dazed and confused  and his role may not be as pivotal in this film  but he got exposure   adrien brody  what i said about matthew mcconaughey goes the same for adrien  except the dazed and confused part   some great character actors like taylor negron  david   tony longo  messmer   jay o . sanders  ranch wilder   neal mcdonough  whitt bass  and a seasoned veteran in one of his final performances  ben johnson  hank murphy  the owner of the california angels   and the rest of the cast does a great job  plus a great storyline that is uplifting to pretty much anyone  i don  t care what recesses of depression you  re in . i loved this film as a kid  and it brings back memories when i watch it today . i need this on dvd . i recommend it to any parent who  s looking for something their kids have not seen  and everybody else  for that matter .  
one piece of trivia that is often forgotten about this family film is one of business .  br    br   at the time  in      this movie held the record for the biggest movie premiere in motion picture history  and may continue to hold  . it was held in pittsburgh  pennsylvania  no doubt in honor of the original film  s  angels  who  haunted  the pittsburgh pirates . in this remake they  haunt  the california angels .  br    br   anyway  the premiere was held at the long gone three rivers stadium which was the home of the pittsburgh pirates and the pittsburgh steelers at the time  the pirates are now housed in pnc park and the steelers at heinz field  . the premiere was held on a movie screen that was five stories in height inside the stadium and held  and may even continue to hold  the record for the largest movie premiere in history  shown to       fans . danny glover  tony danza and christopher lloyd were all in attendance to the admiration of thousands of sports fans .  
richard brooks  the last hunt was a film star stewart granger couldn  t even stand to hear mentioned  he even tore up a vintage poster for the film when presented it for signing in his later years  but then the director did run off with his wife  so it  s understandable . for anyone else this is one of the best of the adult westerns of the   s  and years ahead of its time in its attitude to the environment .  br    br   in many ways it plays almost like a sequel to one of anthony mann  s westerns that see their heroes dragged to their redemption kicking and screaming against it every step in the way . here granger  s legendary buffalo hunter has already seen the light but  after a buffalo stampede costs him his herd of cattle in a fit of poetic justice  he  s dragged back into the darkness by robert taylor  s callous and proudly racist gunslinger  justifying it on the grounds that  i  ve already got the guilty conscience . i might as well have the money as well .  raised by indians  he  s fully aware of the damage he  s doing as the disappearing buffalo heads for extinction  and he gradually becomes almost as consumed with self  loathing as taylor is with hate . when the two men fall out over debra paget  s squaw  the sole survivor of a band of indians taylor kills  and a white buffalo hide that  s priceless to the hunters and the indians for very different reasons  a showdown becomes inevitable  though the outcome certainly isn  t .  br    br   taylor  s is certainly ironic casting  it was granger turning down many of the epic roles mgm developed for him in films like quo vadis and ivanhoe that gave taylor his   s comeback after years of steady decline . his hair color may not convince but his performance does  a shallow and violent man so consumed with hate that he doesn  t wear a gun  the gun wears him . granger  s accent isn  t always convincing  but he makes a good quiet hero in the jimmy stewart mold  trying to keep hold of his newfound decency and reconcile his actions with his beliefs before finally getting a chance to make amends . russ tamblyn  s halfbreed skinner and lloyd nolan  s one  legged old  timer also give as good as they get  but the real star is the script tightly plotted with an excellent eye and ear for character  not to mention an ending stanley kubrick borrowed for the shining  it balances historical revisionism with entertaining drama without ever selling either short . the new french dvd is extras  free but does boast a  .     transfer with an english soundtrack .  
this film was pretty good . i am not too big a fan of baseball  but this is a movie that was made to help understand the meaning of love  determination  heart  etc .  br    br   danny glover  joseph gordon  levitt  brenda fricker  christopher lloyd  tony danza  and milton davis jr . are brought in with a variety of talented actors and understanding of the sport . the plot was believable  and i love the message . william dear and the guys put together a great movie .  br    br   most sports films revolve around true stories or events  and they often do not work well . but this film hits a   on the perfectness scale  even though there were a few minor mistakes here and there .  br    br         
this was a top  notch movie with a top  notch cast . danny glover  tony danza  joseph gordon  levitt  and especially christopher lloyed are well  cast in this charming movie about real  life angels helping the angels baseball team . you never know  it could happen . i loved lloyd  s role in it . he was hilarious . the story is about turning your life around  as the kid  s belief in angels helped turn around angry  hardened  and embittered manager glover see the best in people . the movie was well made and also about seeing the best in people and reaching your dreams . it was funny  charming  touching  and sad  all very nicely done . you will like  or love  it . i guarantee .  br    br    out of   
i saw this film on tv many years ago and i saw this film when i got this on tape . i thought that this was reasonably well done . it was not the best of all movies  but it was good enough . the movie has enough talent to inspire many people  especially younger kids . the acting was good  with danny glover leading the cast . the plot line was not very believable  but the script was well written . this movie can also be the interest of avid baseball fans . it does not directly apply to a action  packed sports movie . it directly applies to a nice film that you can watch with your family and learn some messages that are hidden in this film . overall  the film was good  but not great . i give this a movie a     .  
i think this is a lovely family movie . there are plenty of hilarious scenes and heart  warming moments to be had throughout the movie . the actors are great and the effects well executed throughout . danny glover plays george knox who manages the terrible baseball team  the angels  and is great throughout the film . also fantastic are the young actors joseph gordon  levitt and milton davis jr . christopher lloyd is good as al  the angel  and the effects are great in this top notch disney movie . a touching and heart  warming movie which everyone should enjoy .  
at first you think another disney movie  it might be good  but it  s a kids movie . but when you watch it  you can  t help but enjoy it . all ages will love this movie . i first saw this movie when i was   and now  years later i still love it  danny glover is superb and could not play the part any better . christopher lloyd is hilarious and is perfect for the part . tony danza is so believable as mel clark . you can  t help  but to enjoy this movie  i give it a        
although i don  t usually go for relentlessly heartwarming fare like this  i happened to catch the     version of angels in the outfield  aito  on cable one saturday morning just as it was starting . being an adrien brody fan  i was curious to see what brody was like as a youth of      when he filmed it  i suppose  in this early role as danny hemmerling  utility infielder for the california angels  in the     original  the hard  luck baseball team was the pittsburgh pirates . the name change is a nice touch  since it turns the title into wordplay  . i decided to give the flick a chance  and it turned out to be a pretty painless  even amiable experience  with a decent balance of laughs  tears  sweetness  and baseball  based excitement . also  my   year  old daughter liked the angel effects     directed by mike nesmith  s frequent collaborator william dear  aito is the story of roger  joseph gordon  levitt   a foster child who prays real hard after his ne  er  do  well dad  the convincingly sleazy dermot mulroney  sarcastically says they  ll be a family again once the last  place california angels win the pennant . soon roger starts seeing real angels at the angels  games  led by christopher lloyd  whose usual zany  eccentric irreverence keeps aito from plummeting irretrievably into the schmaltz zone . crusty manager george knox  danny glover in world  weary  exasperated mode  is a hard sell  but once the team starts winning  he believes roger  s angel sightings  and soon knox has roger and his cute li  l pal and fellow foster kid j . p .  the adorable milton davis jr .  at every angels game for good luck . knox even starts toning down his own temperamental outbursts and profane language  as much to appease the angels as for the kids  sake  resulting in a funny bit when he starts dressing down an umpire in his usual way but starts editing himself as he goes along . predictable obstacles ensue  such as obnoxious sportcaster ranch wilder  jay o . sanders  trying to make trouble for knox because of the angel angle . sure  it all works out fine for our heroes in the end  but they  re so darn amiable you don  t mind     baby  faced brody has a couple of good lines  i especially like his exchange with glover about the emotional impact of the national anthem at a ballgame  as well as a cute bit where a pretty blonde angel massages his shoulders before he goes up to bat . brody isn  t the only future star in aito  s lineup his teammates include matthew mcconaughey and neal mcdonough  and of course  young gordon  levitt went on to co  star in tv  s  rd rock from the sun as well as such films as   things i hate about you . the always  amusing taylor negron and oscar winners  but not for this film    brenda fricker and ben johnson lend able support . if you  re a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie appropriate for the kids and check out some notable young actors before they became stars  aito    will do nicely .  
i really enjoyed this movie as a young kid . at that age i thought that the silly baseball antics were funny and that the movie was  cool  because of it  s about sports . now  several years later  i can look back and see what a well designed movie this was . this movie opened my eyes as a small child to the struggles other children dealt with and real world issues . that kind of exposure is largely lacking in kids movies these days which i don  t think is to our society  s benefit . sure the baseball antics seem really dumb now  but they drew kids in . no seven year old is going to ask to see a movie about foster children  but they will ask to see a movie about baseball . disney realized this fact and took advantage of it to teach these children an important lesson about the world .  br    br   as a young adult the performance of al and the other angels seems far less impressive  however i will give credit to the actors playing both children and danny glover who all did a fantastic job .  
that was definitely the case with angels in the outfield . it was on tv last night and i believe i hadn  t seen the film since my sophomore year in high school and i  m now in my  th year of college . although the film has many flaws  it is just so touching that you can  t help but sit down  watch it  and enjoy yourself . it is also hilarious . danny glover  s ranting is just so over the top that you can  t help but laugh out loud at him at most time . it adds to the film and i  m sure it  s exactly what the director wanted . you actually feel for the characters in the film even though the development isn  t the best . a must see . i highly recommend .  br    br        
i enjoy movies like this for their spirit  no pun intended . its a decent  clean movie about a baseball team that  s falling behind  and a young fan wishes for them to win  since his deadbeat dad said that was the only way he  d come back for him .  br    br   the spirit shines through in two ways a funny cast with danny glover and a young joseph gordon  levitt  and the heavenly herald al  taking the dynamic form of christopher lloyd . its an energetic movie . it gets you smiling  and really involves you in the sport .  br    br   therein lies my gripe . the one thing that kinda bugs me is these sports movies that kind of turn you into an unexpecting fan for the team . there  s absolutely nothing wrong with that . i just find it odd that i should come away from the movie thinking the angels are a strong  cool team  when really my base loyalty  such as it is  lies with the toronto blue jays . it  s interesting  really . if it  s just a movie about an underdog kids team  then its okay .  
i have always like this great baseball movie  it has a good cast including two tremendous actors and two of my favorites danny glover and christopher lloyd  also in this movie is ben johnson  brenda fricker  big tony longo  tony danza  and matthew mcconaughey  also jay o . sanders and dermot mulroney  the film has great special effects and acting from all of the film  s actors  the baseball scenes are all realistic  the music by composer randy edelman is very good and it fits the film very well  some of the actors who reminded me the actual baseball personalities . stoney jackson  s ray mitchell character reminded me royce clayton  mcconaughey  s character reminded me of steve finley  and jay o . sanders  s commentator in my opinion resembled how al hrabosky looks today . this is a fantastic movie for non and baseball fans and i strongly recommend this film   
the memory of the  the last hunt  has stuck with me since i saw it in     when i was   . it is a movie that was far ahead of others at the time in that it addressed the treatment of the natives  the environment  and the ever present contrast between the short and long term effects of greed . it is as relevant today as in      a cinemagraphic discussion of utmost depth and relevance . to top it off the setting is beautiful and the cinematography excellent . the memory of this movie will be with me to the end of my days .  
as a baseball die  hard  this movie goes contrary to what i expect in a sports movie authentic  looking sports action  believable characters  and an original story line . while  angels in the outfield  fails miserably in the first category  it succeeds beautifully in the latter two .  angels  weaves the story of roger and j . p .  two anaheim foster kids in love with baseball but searching for a family  with that of the woebegone angels franchise  struggling to draw fans and win games . pushed by his deadbeat father  s promise that they would be a family only when the angels win the pennant  roger asks for some heavenly help  and gets it in the form of diamond  dwelling spirits bent on reversing the franchise  s downward spiral . and  when short  fused manager george knox  portrayed by danny glover  begins believing in what roger sees  the team suddenly has hope for turning their season around   and roger and j . p . find something to believe in . glover in particular gives a nice performance  and tony danza  playing a washed  up pitcher  also does well  despite clearly having zero idea of how to pitch out of the windup   
they  re not jawing journalists cary grant and rosalind russell from  his girl friday  or witty detective william powell and sassy lady myrna loy from thin man  but woody allen and scarlett johansson are surprisingly charming as amateur sleuths in scoop . their screwball repartee is more postmodern than post depression  allen  s writing filled with ironic self deprecation and plain old new york angst . shades of the old wit occur rarely  such as when he  as sid  the great splendini magician  responds about his background  i was born into the hebrew persuasion  but when i got older i converted to narcissism .  johansson  fresh from allen  s match point as a bad girl  here gets to be a relatively good  sometimes ditsy journalism student caught in a murder mystery suitable for london a serial killer . the plot is a reworking of his recent london  based thriller match point  right down to the upper  class sins and the  american tragedy   place in the sun boating  accident .  as a matter of fact  allen is reworking manhattan murder mystery and purple rose of cairo to name just a couple of other examples . i care not if he reworks i would like the new material to be at least the equal of the originals  and  alas  it is just a reflection of his younger greatness .  br    br   allen as director and actor can  t hide his love for the actress  as he couldn  t for diane keaton  and therefore takes a middling comedy into an appropriate place down the allen canon  not great but amusing  at times brilliantly satirical about the suspected upper  class murderer  sid  allen  quips   i  d be very surprised if he killed one person .  this is vintage allen humor . while there are barely any bright literary allusions as in most of his film  he lards scoop with music from grieg  tchaikovsky  and strauss to let us know the woodman has not lost his touch of class .  
in the funeral of the famous british journalist joe strombel  ian mcshane   his colleagues and friends recall how obstinate he was while seeking for a scoop . meanwhile the deceased joe discloses the identity of the tarot card serial killer of london . he cheats the reaper and appears to the american student of journalism sondra pransky  scarlett johansson   who is on the stage in the middle of a magic show of the magician sidney waterman  woody allen  in london  and tells her that the murderer is the aristocrat peter lyman  hugh jackman  . sondra drags sid in her investigation  seeking for evidences that peter is the killer . however  she falls in love with him and questions if joe strombel is right in his scoop .  br    br    scoop  is another great woody allen  s comedy outside manhattan  actually again in london . his ironic and witty lines are simply fantastic  and i laughed a lot inclusive with his fate of hero in a country where people drive  in the wrong side  . sid waterman is extremely funny and woody allen is in an excellent shape as comedian . however  his present muse scarlett johansson  of whom i am a big fan  has over  acting and is annoying in many moments  changing inclusive her accent to a histrionic pronunciation . her character is absolutely silly and promiscuous  and i was quite disappointed with her performance  probably for the first time in her filmography  . but this supernatural comedy is still a hilarious and worthwhile entertainment . my vote is eight .  br    br   title  brazil    scoop  o grande furo    scoop  the big scoop    
i am a huge woody allen fan and so when i saw that this was playing at the cinema i couldn  t help myself . i wanted to see how allen would follow up his magnificent film match point seeing as this is another one of his films shot in g . b .  which is unique among allen  s work  along with what seems to be his new muse scarlett johanson . scoop is much lighter than mp and the humor is scoop  s most enjoyable aspect . the plot revolves around johanson  s character  a journalism student  who gets a tip on a hot story from beyond the grave . she falls in love with a suspected serial killer  jackman  and she must decide whether the truth is worth finding . oh and all of this is done with the help of a bumbling magician turned detective played by allen .  br    br   i must say that i thoroughly enjoyed johanson  s performance but i am a bit bias  i could watch a three hour film with johanson in ever frame and remain enchanted . she plays a ditsy  yappy  bumbling sweetheart that is kind of a variation in a sense of allen  s stereotypical neurosis stricken character . she adds appropriate body language for comic effect . needless to say almost anyone who sees this will find johanson  s character sickeningly cute and that is a plus .  br    br   allen is allen . . . he is still playing the same character much like chaplin and his little tramp character . something that occur in this film makes me wonder if i will see the neurotic little hypochondriac again however . he is not in the cast of his next picture and has been spending more time exclusively behind the camera as of late . . .  br    br   jackman is also enjoyable as the suave  millionaire murder suspect . i cannot say that jackman does anything in particular to make the role his but he suits his character none the less .  br    br   in terms of the plot i cannot help but feel that this is fresh . . . in fact it stinks of curse of the jade scorpion . johanson and allen are more detective  like than anything . however i must applaud allen on his ending because it is a bit more clever than your typical unoutstanding hollywood version of this film . instead of everything being black and white  things are painted in shades of gray . being entirely innocent has nothing to do with it nor does unequivocal guilt . though the plot seemed old woody still has a knack for one liners . i did find his allusions to his last film interesting . . . come for the humor  laugh and be merry .  br    br   needless to say if you enjoy allen  s work watch it . if not watch something else . . .  
i was going to give it an   but since you people made  .  out of a lot better votes  i had to up my contribution . the river styx was pure genius . sure  woody was his perennial stuff  but at least his role was appropriate . the first half hour was really hilarious  and then the rest of the movie was easy to watch . the dialog was clever enough  and woody  s card tricks at the parties  along with the reaction from the upper crust  were fun to watch . this was much better than the newspaper critics made it sound out to be . and a plus  a little sorcerer  s apprentice to go along with it . and of course  did you notice that johansen is getting a bit frumpy  charles dance is always entertaining  as was hugh jackman .  
do you still love woody allen  s humor and sense of the absurd  do you wait patiently for movies that get the plot going in the first five minutes instead of making you wait around  if so  you will adore this comedic murder mystery . it has all the elements of a good mystery sharp plot  a handsome suspect  romance  and intrigue  mixed together with enough laughs and winks at fate to keep even the most jaded of movie goers happy .  br    br   with beautiful people and gorgeous homes and landscapes to ogle  this frothy movie is just the thing to take your minds off your troubles . as woody might say  what  s not to like   
    scarlett johansson  woody allen  hugh jackman  ian mcshane  romola garia . directed by woody allen . just after his work with johansson on  match point  the two return for  scoop  a corky  zany and fun comic ride . when a student reporter  johansson  finds out a new scoop from a deceased reporter  mcshane  when she enters the materializer of a lame magician  allen  . the scoop being of the new tarot card killer in london who might be preppy peter lyman  jackman   while sondra and sid are playing detective sondra falls in love for the handsome would be killer . allen has finally hit a mark  not as good as  match point  but definitely more fun . i laughed a lot more than i expected  one of the years must sees  
simply well written  directed and acted . . . woody  s best of the      s if not his best since the    s   hugh jackman was the perfect pick for his roll . scarlett johansson  s banter with woody proves how well rounded an actress she has become .  br    br   it  s refreshing to not being in a romance on screen with the leading lady . he plays the perfect bumbling magician .  br    br   there have been a few reviews maligning this movie . don  t let them stop you from seeing the wonderfully done film . people in the crowd i saw this with were laughing so loud at some lines i missed the next line . if you like woody allen films of the    s  you  ll regret missing this one .  br    br   i suggest you go to watch this film with an open mind  if you do  you might walk out smiling .  
  match point  and now  scoop  have both convinced me that not only is woody allen doing a neat job making movies in england  and that scarlett johansson is the right cast member   but corroborated what i have known for years he shouldn  t focus on neurotic rich new yorkers . in this case  johansson plays journalism student sondra pransky  whom magician sid waterman  allen  puts in his disappearing box  where she meets the ghost of murdered reporter joe strombel  ian mcshane   who tells her that the serial killings that have plagued london were committed by millionaire peter lyman  hugh jackman  . so  she gets to know him  and . . . well  i don  t know how much i can tell you without giving it away . but i can say that this is probably allen  s funniest movie in years . there  s his ubiquitous unique style of humor  especially the line about his religion  .  br    br   so  you  re sure to like this movie . if nothing else  it  ll make you fall in love with london . but mostly  it  s just so damn hilarious . even if you don  t like woody allen  you gotta love this one .  
woody allen  s second movie set in london . tha tarot card murderer is killing prostitutes in london . aspiring journalist sondra pransky  scarlett johansson  gets a tip that he may be lord peter lyman  hugh jackman  . she starts to romance him but quickly falls in love . she  s helped by stage magician sid waterman  woody allen  who doesn  t like what he sees .  br    br   i like this better than the over rated  match point  from last year . it was shorter and moved much more quickly . the plot is old but i was entertained and it kept me guessing till the very end . it  s not really a comedy but a mystery with a few very good comedic lines  all from allen of course  . it  s not one of allen  s best but it  s far better than his worst .  br    br   the acting is  for the most part  very good . allen is bad but he  s played this character a million times before and it  s gotten tiresome . but johansson and jackman are just great   they look fantastic and give two very appealing believable performances . also allen  surprisingly  works on their sex appeal   there is a sequence where they  re both in the their bathing suits to show off their nice bodies . the only real debit is that allen still seems unsure on how to shot london . he  s not as off as he was on  match point  though   maybe he  ll just get better as he goes along .  br    br   worth seeing . i give it an  .  
the film largely focuses on a bullying robert taylor as a ruthless buffalo hunter and the people who have to put up with him . set amidst a hunt for dwindling numbers of buffalo  it portrays the end of a tragic era of senseless slaughter and is full of drama and remorse for both the buffalo and the native americans . taylor is blinded by his hatred of indians and his naivete that the buffalo herds will never disappear . in one scene  he shoots animal after animal  while in another he murders indians and then eats the food they had cooking on their fire . under this ruthless exterior lies an insecure person who is reduced to begging his comrades  stewart granger  lloyd nolan  and russ tamblyn  not to leave him . it  s not the most pleasant of films and is weighed down by the drama it creates  leading to a dismal and very fitting conclusion in a blizzard .  
i went into this movie knowing nothing about it  and ended up really enjoying it . it lacked authenticity and believability  some of the things that the characters said and did were completely bizarre  and a lot of the script seemed like it was ad  libbed  perhaps this is typical of woody allen  excuse my ignorance  but the whole audience in the theater was laughing so hard . it wasn  t even at the jokes in the movie per se  but at the whole movie itself . the acting reminded me of seinfeld  s acting  where he tries not to laugh at his own jokes  they are corny  but if you don  t take the movie too seriously  you can really appreciate the humour of the actors  not the characters . if you  re looking for a random movie  and you like woody allen  i  d definitely recommend it   
something happens to sondra pransky when she enters the magician  s box on the stage of a london theater . little does sondra know the spirit of newly departed journalist joe strombel materializes to ask her to investigate the man someone has told him  on his voyage to another dimension  is the infamous tarot killer that has been on a binge of crime in london . the only problem is the man accused is  for all appearances  a respectable upper class man .  br    br   when sondra tells her experience to the great splendini  who is a . k . a . sid waterman  the magician is stunned  but decides to go along . the two would be p . i . s conjure an invitation to a club where peter lyman goes to swim . sondra  who fakes she is drowning  catches the attention of this hunk  who wants to see more of her .  br    br   needless to say  the two of them will get into all kinds of funny situations until the mystery is revealed at the end of the film . little does the real tarot killer think he can fool a resolute sondra who proves herself to be more resourceful than he gave her credit for .  br    br   the result is a perfect summer film with a lot of laughs that is just what one needs to get out of the heat into a perfect time in a cool theater . woody allen has done better  and yet  this sunny comedy will vindicate him for past failures . in  scoop   mr . allen has taken himself from the romantic lead pawing his gorgeous leading lady . his trade mark gesticulating is something this funny man will never get rid of  since it appears to be his trade mark . the film has some funny one liners that will go over the head of the viewers that might not be paying attention .  br    br   scarlett johansson  the beautiful star of  scoop   seems to be the perfect foil for woody allen . she plays the straight part while mr allen does his shtick  a perfect combination . both are excellent in their banter throughout the film . ms . johansson is a knockout beauty in her red bathing suit  although they have dressed her so dowdy in most of the costumes she wears on the screen . hugh jackman is seen as peter lyman a sophisticated man about town with the right pedigree . he makes a good appearance in the movie as the man pursuing ms . johansson . ian mcshane plays the dead fleet street journalist on his way to eternity .  br    br    scoop  is a light film for the hot and humid summer thanks to woody allen .  
scoop  out of  woody allen is definitely not my favorite director  but i enjoyed  match point .  it was an excellent dark romantic thriller that luckily did not star woody allen . it did have the beautiful scarlett johansson in it .  br    br    scoop  is woody allen  s latest film and though he appears in this one  it  s ok . it also features scarlett johansson and the two of them work perfect together .  br    br   johansson plays sondra pransky  a young college journalist who gets the scoop of a life time from the ghost of joe strombel  ian mcshane .  joe heard the scoop while on a boat with the grim reaper and a bunch of other souls the reaper has taken . one of those souls is the secretary of peter lyman  hugh jackman .  she tells joe that peter may be the serial killer roaming the streets of england . joe  with the scoop of a life time  travels back to the living and gives this info to sondra  during a magic act . sondra is at some magic show with magician sid waterman  woody allen .  she becomes a volunteer to go in a disappearing box and while she is in the box  she gets the visit from joe . not knowing what to do  she enlists the help of sid waterman to help her crack the case .  br    br   this film has a nice light  hearted feel to it compared to  match point  and yet it all works . johansson and allen work great together . allen  s humor fits perfect for this story and role . hugh jackman is terrific as peter layman  the  suspected  serial killer .  br    br   this is a fun little movie to see if your ever looking for one to watch . the cast ensemble works well together and the story flows and you sometimes forget that your watching woody allen be himself . i say give it a chance because you just might like it .  
coming immediately on the heels of match point        a fine if somewhat self  repetitive piece of  serious woody   scoop gives new hope to allen  s small but die  hard band of followers  among whom i number myself  that the master has once again found his form . a string of disappointing efforts  culminating in the dreary melinda and melinda       and the embarrassing anything else       raised serious doubts that another first rate woody comedy  with or without his own participation as an actor  was in the cards . happily  the cards turn out to be a tarot deck that serves as scoop  s clever maguffin and proffers an optimistic reading for the future of woody allen comedy .  br    br   even more encouraging  woody  s self  casting  sadly one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years  is here an inspired bit of self  parody as well as a humble recognition at last that he can no longer play romantic leads with women young enough to be his daughters or granddaughters . in scoop  allen astutely assigns himself the role of sid waterman  an aging magician with cheap tricks and tired stage  patter who  much like woody himself  has brought his act to london  where audiences  if not more receptive  are at least more polite . like chaplin  s calvero in limelight        sid waterman affords allen the opportunity to don the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has declined and whose audience is no longer large or appreciative . moreover  because they seem in character  allen  s ticks and prolonged stammers are less distracting here than they have been in some time .  br    br   waterman  s character also functions neatly in the plot . his fake magic body  dissolving box becomes the ironically plausible location for visitations from joe strombel  ian mcshane   a notorious journalistic muckraker and recent cardiac arrest victim . introduced on a river styx ferryboat  to  hades  strombel repeatedly jumps ship because he just can  t rest in eternity without communicating one last  scoop  about the identity of the notorious  tarot killer .  unfortunately  his initial return from the dead leads him to waterman  s magic show and the only conduit for his hot lead turns out to be a journalism undergraduate  sondra pransky  scarlett johansson   who has been called up from the audience as a comic butt for the magician  s climactic trick . sondra enthusiastically seizes the journalistic opportunity and drags the reluctant waterman into the investigation to play the role of her millionaire father . as demonstrated in lost in translation  johansson has a talent for comedy  and the querulous by  play between her and allen is very amusing  and all the more so for never threatening to become a prelude to romance .  br    br   scoop  s serial killer plot  involving grisly murders of prostitutes and an aristocratic chief suspect  peter lyman  hugh jackman   is the no doubt predictable result of allen  s lengthy sabbatical exposure to london  s ubiquitous jack the ripper landmarks and lore . yet other facets of scoop  as of match point  also derive from woody  s late life encounter with english culture . its class structure  manners  idiom  dress  architecture  and  yes  peculiar driving habits give woody fresh new material for wry observation of human behavior as well as sharp social satire . when  for instance  sondra is trying to ingratiate herself with peter lyman at a ritzy private club  waterman observes  from his point of view we  re scum .  a good deal of humor is also generated by the contretemps of stiffly reserved british social manners encountering waterman  s insistent borscht  belt jewish plebeianism . and  then  of course  there is waterman  s hilarious exit in a smart car he can  t remember to drive on the left side of the road .  br    br   as usual  allen  s humor in scoop includes heavy doses of in  jokes  taking the form of sly allusions to film and literary sources as well as  increasingly  references to his own filmography . in addition to the pervasive jack the ripper references  for instance  the film  s soundtrack is dominated by an arrangement of grieg  s  the hall of the mountain king   compulsively whistled by hans beckert in m  the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre . the post  funeral gathering of journalists who discuss the exploits of newly departed joe strombel clearly mimics the opening of broadway danny rose       . references to deconstructing harry       include the use of death as a character  along with his peculiar voice and costume   the use of mandelbaum as a character name  and the mention of adair university  harry  s  alma mater  and where sondra is now a student  . moreover  the systematic use of greek mythology in the underworld river cruise to hades recalls the use of greek gods and a chorus in mighty aphrodite       .  br    br   as to quotable gags  allen  s scripts rely less on one  liners than they did earlier in his career  but scoop does provides at least a couple of memorable ones . to a question about his religion  waterman answers  i was born in the hebrew persuasion  but later i converted to narcissism .  and sondra snaps off this put  down of waterman  s wannabe crime  detecting  if we put our heads together you  ll hear a hollow noise .  all in all  scoop is by far woody allen  s most satisfying comedy in a decade .  
great movie  enough laughs and action for any audience .  br    br   since the last person who posted on this movie took it upon themselves to call woody allen incestuous and not comment on the film  here i am .  br    br   the film follows an unlikely duo  johansson and allen  as they follow a tip given to them by the ghost of a recently deceased english reporter . their search takes them into the home of the killer  and eventually to a somewhat tragic end . but don  t let the plot fool you  the film truly is hilarious and the acting is superb .  br    br   it seems that as directors reach a certain age they really get things right . clint eastwood  allen and pollack all seem to making some of the most imaginative work of their respective careers . also  from watching the movie in a pact theater  you can just tell that people really love woody allen and are ready for him to really make a comeback . the second he walked on screen audience lit up . there  s just something about the man and he really shines in scoop .  br    br   check it out  it  s worth the trip .  
allow yourself to be transported to a different  old school kind of storytelling . scoop is classic woody allen .  br    br   allen  s latest muse  scarlett johansson  who also appeared in last year  s match point  also by allen   is surprisingly able to tone down her sultry sex kitten appeal and transform into a normal looking student  type with the aid of nerdish glasses and outfits but still fails to make the audience believe how hugh jackman  s lordly character can be so smitten by her  given the royal  s background  don  t worry  no spoilers here  . there are no grand transformations for johansson  s character here  as she consistently plays the same character throughout despite the script saying otherwise . you even forgive her character  s apparent lack of logic  continuing an affair with a suspected serial killer  simply because he is his royal hotness jackman  who is refreshing to see sans the wolverine duds .  br    br   if anything  consistency is what the    year old allen is all about . he continues to tell his stories on celluloid in the same way he always has as if he  s never been exposed to modern film  making  which is probably what makes his quiet  simple films appealing . they never seem to aim for a specific market as if allen makes movies to his taste alone  whether the public likes it or not .  
i  d even say some shades of hitchcock . . . this is clearly better than mmm  which is seen as a guilty pleasure by some if not most woody fans . by the way  did you know that annie hall was first conceived as a murder mystery  anyhow  woody reclaims some relevance in film comedy with this one . the plot turns are nice and tight . i will say that in the first   minutes or so  some of the actors are a little too hasty at delivering their lines  but stick around . scarlett johansson proves well  cast in the diane keaton  type role  and at no time is there any uncomfortable moments between her and the much older woody . no one could imagine a more perfect actor for the role of peter lyman than jackman .  
great woody allen  no . good woody allen  definitely . i found myself  along with the audience in attendance  laughing hard and often at some of the best woody allen lines we  ve heard in a while . the aging allen created an appropriate role for himself as scarlett johansson  s  father  . . . well  sort of . some have said johansson plays  a young dianne keaton .  i beg to differ . she plays woody  s dialogue  which  in his comedies  always has a very similar feel . . . like  well  a woody allen comedy . that  s fine for us woody appreciators . she certainly did woody  s dialogue far better than the young cast of his last comedy  melinda  melinda . some may find woody  s humor tiresome  but for those of us who love it when it  s done right  we look forward to the next .  
first of all  let me comment that the audience loved it from the first moment . perhaps current events in the middle  east led people to take the attitude   i came for a comedy and by george i  m going to enjoy it .  but for whatever reason  everybody seemed really into the comedy of it . the last few times woody has tried to do a straight comedy  small time crooks  curse of the jade scorpion  hollywood ending  i  ve felt like the one  liners felt strained and a bit antiquated . i remember thinking at one point   that would have been funny in the early sixties .  so going in to this movie  i was afraid woody was becoming tone deaf  however  in this one his comic sensibilities were in perfect tune . admittedly  there were plenty of my fellow aarp card carrying folks in the screening  but there were also plenty of    somethings and    somethings as well  and they all seemed to get it and give up the occasional belly laugh in addition to numerous guffaws  chuckles and the like . in many instances  the throw  aways had people laughing so loud you missed the next line .  br    br   thematically  woody was traipsing familiar ground . as i suspected from the trailer  this film had a lot of manhattan murder mystery in it  but then again  there was more than a smidgen of oedipus wrecks  new york stories   alice  and even a little tribute to broadway danny rose at the very beginning .  br    br   even with woody in the movie  scarlett  as sondra  was  at times the woody  proxy  but her character was far from the nebbish that  say  will ferrell gave us in melinda and melinda or kenneth branaugh attempted in celebrity . instead of archetypal ticks and quirks  sondra  s nerdishness comes directly from the family history which she shares early on . on numerous occasions the  family business  leads her to malapropisms that we get as an audience  while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non  sequiturs . since we are all in on the joke  we can  t help but laugh . but the laughs don  t come from recognizing the woody nebbish  but truly from the character . to a great extent  unlike farrell  branaugh  cusack or even mia farrow before her  scarlett is not required to use the woody voice to evoke the woody role . thus  we don  t find ourselves ripped out of the narrative as a woody  s voice suddenly emerges from someone else  face .  br    br   as my friend commented on the way out  sid  the character played by woody  is a supporting role  but more center  stage than i was hoping going in . however  this time woody seems to have written a character that truly fits his current persona . unlike his ed dobel sage character in anything else  or his blind director in hollywood ending  this time the character is a comfortable fit . perhaps more importantly  this time the character works in the story . within the elevated circles they find themselves in  he is even more fish  out  of  water than scarlett  which is used to great comedic effect throughout . sid is a declining  itinerant magician playing to small audiences  but the fact that he is from another era is placed front and center for our enjoyment .  br    br   but what about jackman  what about ian  swearengen  mcshane  i liked both of them to the extent that they are used in the piece . i particularly liked mcshane  s short but effective turns . jackman is charming with the ease of  old money  that was so often portrayed in films from   years ago .  class echoes from purple rose of cairo    br    br   so what did i think  short answer  maybe his best straight comedy since      s bullets over broadway . less stylized than mighty aphrodite . less caustic than deconstructing harry . less forced than small time crooks or hollywood ending . woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the   st century .  
greetings again from the darkness . remember all the  what happened to woody allen   jokes  even mr . allen poked fun at the fans who wanted him to continue making his same  funny  films . as with any great artist  mr . allen  s craft evolved over the years and he lost some fans  while picking up others . last year  s masterpiece  matchpoint  showed he is still every bit as relevant and poignant as he was in the days of  annie hall  and  manhattan  . what is most striking to us   plus year fans is that mr . new york himself seems to have a bit of a crush on the mother country . apparently he actually likes england   while filming  matchpoint   mr . allen became enamored with scarlett johansson and her real life spirit and sense of humor . this attraction motivated him to write his best comedy in years . scarlett  while risking overexposure  must be given credit for not just picking films that cast her in some glamorous light . she is unafraid to look and act like a real person . in  scoop   she flashes some real on screen comedy chops and  in many scenes  delivers the real punchline to mr . allen  s straight man . of course  any time mr . allen decides to put himself in front of the camera  he will get more than his share of one liners and social commentaries in  which is fine  because few do it better .  br    br   very nice support work from ian mcshane and hugh jackman . in fact  mr . jackman provides a few glimpses into why many of us thought him the best choice to replace brosnan as the new bond . as with most of allen  s films  the star is the script  not the actors . although scarlett delivers superbly here and is a nice contrast to the polished allen and jackman  what makes this one crackle is the dialogue . . . especially the banter between allen and scarlett . if you are not a huge woody the actor fan  fear not . he does limit his screen time and he is quite effective  except in two or three brief scenes that almost seem out of place . another woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background and  scoop  is no exception . . . especially the strauss composition .  br    br    scoop  is a nice cross between  annie hall  and the best of the marx brothers films or the cary grant comedies . yes it is an adult comedy  but it is actually very cute . . . especially for a serial killer and talking ghost comedy    
i saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show . i still vividly remember the film  especially the performance of robert taylor . i always thought taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid  almost dull leading man type  and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks . this film  however  proved what an interesting actor he could be . he did not get enough roles like this during his long career . this is his best performance . he is totally believable in a truly villainous role . from what i have read  he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles . he basically would just do what mgm gave him . this film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles . the other thing i remember about this film is how annoying lloyd nolan  s character was . nolan was a great actor  but this character really aggravated me . the last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years . this film is definitely worth a look .  
  scoop  is also the name of a late  thirties evelyn waugh novel  and woody allen  s new movie  though set today  has a nostalgic charm and simplicity . it hasn  t the depth of characterization  intense performances  suspense or shocking final frisson of allen  s penultimate effort  match point    argued by many  including this reviewer  to be a strong return to form  but  scoop  does closely resemble allen  s last outing in its focus on english aristocrats  posh london flats  murder  and detection . this time woody leaves behind the arriviste murder mystery genre and returns to comedy  and is himself back on the screen as an amiable vaudevillian  a magician called sid waterman  stage moniker the great splendini  who counters some snobs  probing with   i used to be of the hebrew persuasion  but as i got older  i converted to narcissism .  following a revelation in the midst of splendini  s standard dematerializing act  with scarlett johansson  as sondra pransky  the audience volunteer  the mismatched pair get drawn into a dead ace english journalist  s post  mortem attempt to score one last top news story . on the edge of the styx joe strombel  ian mcshane  has just met the shade of one lord lyman  s son  s secretary  who says she was poisoned  and she  s told him the charming aristocratic bounder son peter lyman  hugh jackman  was the tarot card murderer  a london serial killer . sondra and sid immediately become a pair of amateur sleuths . with sid  s deadpan wit and sondra  s bumptious beauty they cut a quick swath through to the cream of the london aristocracy .  br    br   woody isn  t pawing his young heroine muse   as in  match point   johansson again   as in the past . this time moreover scarlett  s not an ambitious sexpot and would  be movie star . she  s morphed surprisingly into a klutzy  bespectacled but still pretty coed . sid and sondra have no flirtation  which is a great relief . they simply team up  more or less politely  to carry out strombel  s wishes by befriending lyman and watching him for clues to his guilt . with only minimal protests sid consents to appear as sondra  s dad . sondra  who  s captivated peter by pretending to drown in his club pool  re  christens herself jade spence . mr . spence  i . e .  woody  keeps breaking cover by doing card tricks  but he amuses dowagers with these and beats their husbands at poker  spewing non  stop one  liners and all the while maintaining  apparently with success  that he  s in oil and precious metals  just as  jade  has told him to say .  br    br   that  s about all there is to it  or all that can be told without spoiling the story by revealing its outcome . at first allen  s decision to make johansson a gauche  naively plainspoken  and badly dressed college girl seems not just unkind but an all  around bad decision . but johansson  who has pluck and panache as an actress  miraculously manages to carry it off  helped by jackman  an actor who knows how to make any actress appear desirable  if he desires her . the film actually creates a sense of relationships  to make up for it limited range of characters sid and sondra spar in a friendly way  and peter and sondra have a believable attraction even though it  s artificial and tainted  she is  after all  going to bed with a suspected homicidal maniac  .  br    br   what palls a bit is allen  s again drooling over english wealth and class  things his brooklyn background seems to have left him  despite all his celebrity  with a irresistible hankering for . jackman is an impressive fellow  glamorous and dashing . his parents were english . but could this athletic musical comedy star raised in australia   x  man  s  wolverine  really pass as an aristocrat  only in the movies  perhaps  here and in  kate and leopold   .  br    br   this isn  t as strong a film as  match point   but to say it  s a loser as some viewers have is quite wrong . it has no more depth than a half  hour radio drama or a tv show  but woody  s jokes are far funnier and more original than you  ll get in any such media affair  and sometimes they show a return to the old wit and cleverness . it doesn  t matter if a movie is silly or slapdash when it  s diverting summer entertainment . on a hot day you don  t want a heavy meal . the whole thing deliciously evokes a time when movie comedies were really light escapist entertainment  without crude jokes or bombastic effects without vince vaughan or owen wilson . critics are eager to tell you this is a return to the allen decline that preceded  match point .  don  t believe them . he doesn  t try too hard . why should he  he may be    but verbally  he  s still light on his feet . and his body moves pretty fast too .  
i thought this was a wonderful way to spend time on a too hot summer weekend  sitting in the air conditioned theater and watching a light  hearted comedy . the plot is simplistic  but the dialogue is witty and the characters are likable  even the well bread suspected serial killer  . while some may be disappointed when they realize this is not match point   risk addiction  i thought it was proof that woody allen is still fully in control of the style many of us have grown to love .  br    br   this was the most i  d laughed at one of woody  s comedies in years  dare i say a decade   . while i  ve never been impressed with scarlet johanson  in this she managed to tone down her  sexy  image and jumped right into a average  but spirited young woman .  br    br   this may not be the crown jewel of his career  but it was wittier than  devil wears prada  and more interesting than  superman  a great comedy to go see with friends .  
i was lucky enough to get a free pass to an advance screening of  scoop  last night . full house at the theatre and when the movie ended there was spontaneous applause . i didn  t speak to anyone who disliked  scoop  although two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and fidgeted uncomfortably for most of the film . they were the exception though because everyone else including myself really enjoyed themselves .  br    br    scoop  is a quickly paced murder mystery . a young female journalism student is unwittingly maneuvered by forces beyond her control into trying to catch a serial killer on the loose . plenty of hijinks ensue as she partners up with a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a frisky and charming young nobleman .  br    br    scoop  isn  t a bad addition to the woody allen filmography . it isn  t his best work but it is a very enjoyable and light hearted romp . i  d say it fits quite comfortably into being an average woody allen film  right in the middle of the pack . if you  re a woody allen fan you  ll probably enjoy yourself . if you  re indifferent to his work then  scoop  might be enough to get you interested in seeing more . i don  t think that anyone who dislikes his style of film  making and acting are going to change their mind . woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we  ve grown so accustomed to although it borders dangerously close to forced and over the top in this film . while potentially aggravating for some who might find themselves wishing he  d hurry up and just spit out the words  woody allen fans know what to expect .  br    br   very good performances all around in my opinion although i found myself missing ian mcshane who is excellent and not on camera nearly enough . hugh jackman is great as the charming nobleman and i think woody allen has found a new regular star to work with in scarlett johansson . i think that with  match point  this is their second pairing and she  s just magic with the material that woody gives her . could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship  i  m glad i saw the movie and definitely recommend it . more sophisticated comedy than movies like  scary movie   so if your brand of comedy is the latter rather than the former   scoop  probably isn  t for you . if  on the other hand  you like a touch of class  sophistication and fun   scoop  is for you . probably not the woody allen film i  d introduce to a newcomer but all others should give it a try .  
  scoop  is easily woody allen  s funniest film of the      s so far . allen  although finally looking his age  is at the top of his game as low  brow magician sidney waterman . his one  liners and demeanor are hilarious . don  t let the critics sway your opinion .  scoop  is a top notch  woody  lite  picture .  br    br   the classical music score is an excellent compliment to the action on screen . scarlett johanson looks gorgeous in that bathing suit . jackman is dashing . the cinematography glows .  scoop  is wonderful escapist fare from start to finish . the last shot of the film alone is worth the admission price .  
i went to the movie theater this afternoon expecting to be underwhelmed by scoop . happily  the film exceeded expectations  at least a little bit . it  s nothing heavy  nothing deep   and not anywhere as good as any number of real allen masterpieces   but it  s also completely enjoyable as a light  bantering comedy . there  s something kind of simple and sweet about it .  cute  was the word i heard from people in the audience as they were walking out after the show . it doesn  t feel like allen set out to create a masterpiece here  it feels like he wanted to make a little comedy and have fun doing it . compared to just about everything hollywood is producing  allen  s stuff has a tendency to charm . even the fluffy stuff . these days it  s just refreshing to go to a movie made by an actual human being .  
reading a wide variety of  scoop  reviews over the past few days  i walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from woody . happily  i couldn  t have been more wrong . granted  woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two  but woody the writer  director is in fine form  and found a credible way to integrate his    year old self into the story . judging from the laughter and guffaws  the audience ate up allen  s one  liners and dialogue in a way that i haven  t seen in several years .  br    br   in a movie landscape dominated by software  approved story arcs  twentysomething tastes and assembly  line formula fare for kiddies  it  s a source of both satisfaction and inspiration to see allen pursuing his highly personal and still  rewarding path .  
this is a excellent series . you will laugh  you will cry  these wonderful people will be a part of your family . the way this family cares for one another and helps each other through their crisis sets a great example of the way we should live our lives . there are many good things they do  and a number of bad choices  but they never turn their backs on family  they work through problems . michelle  the youngest daughter  is the cutest thing i  ve seen . stephanie  the middle daughter  suffers with middle child syndrome and with the help of everyone in the family it  s better . dj  the oldest daughter  is growing up whether her dad wants it to happen or not . one thing they all share is they miss their mom . danny  dad   joey  and uncle jesse love these kids so much  and it  s apparent in every episode .  
i don  t know if this is a sitcom or not  but i agree that this is one of the greatest television shows ever . it  s great that this show still airs . and i love michelle . it  s cute on the episodes when she was a baby and she talked  and she sometimes said something funny . aw .  br    br   this show can relate to children and teens and . . well  families as they struggle through rough times and try to work it out as a family . i don  t know who would ever turn down an opportunity to watch this show with someone .  br    br   i love the episode when i think her name is dd . . the older girl accidentally stole a sweatshirt  and she learned a lesson about stealing . that was a great episode . an example that this tv show shows the family working things out as a family .  br    br   i recommend this show for everyone .  
full house is a great show . i am still today growing up on it . i started watching it when i was  and now i am   and still watching it . i fell in love with all of the characters  especially stephanie . she is my favorite . she had such a sense of humor . in case there are people on this sight that hardly watch the show  you should because you will get hooked on it . i became hooked on it after the first show i saw  which just happened to be the first episode  in     . it really is a good show . i really think that this show should go down to many generations in families . and it  s great too because it is an appropriate show for all ages . and for all parents  it teaches kids lessons on how to go on with their life . nothing terrible happens  like violence or swearing . it is just a really great sit  com . i give it  out of  stars . what do you think  oh and the best time to watch it is when you are home sick from school or even the old office . it will make you feel a lot better . trust me i am hardly home sick but i still know that it will make you feel better . and to everybody that thinks the show is stupid  well that  s too bad for you because you won  t get as far in life even if you are happy with your life . you really should watch it and you will get hooked on it . i am just telling you what happened to me and everybody else that started watching this awesome show . well i need must go to have some lunch . remember you must start watching full house and soon   
i loved this show growing up and i still watch the first season dvd at age   today . what can i say  i grew up in a house much like the one on full house . i had a dad  two sisters  and a dog . i guess the only difference was that i did not live with my uncle and my dad  s best friend . also  i grew up with my mom in the house . i don  t know what i would have done without full house on television . i think that stephanie  played by jodie sweetin   d . j .  played by kirk cameron  s sister candace   and michelle  played by mary  kate and ashley olsen  are my favorite characters . i can relate to each of them because i am the middle child of my family like steph  i am a younger sister like michelle  and i am an older sister like d . j . i really like how the show always has moral values because i don  t really like any of the o . c .  like shows today . i like the comedy of full house  too . uncle jesse  john stamos   joey  dave coulier   and danny  bob saget  are hilarious as the girls  uncle  dad  s friend  and dad  respectively . the story goes that  after the girls  mom dies  danny  s best friend joey and his brother  in  law  jesse move in to help raise the kids . three men trying to raise three young girlshilarious . each character on full house is full of heart  funny  and genuinely believable . joey is an aspiring comedian with a kid  s heart and soul . jesse is the cool  motorcycle riding  tough  guy uncle who is softened by his three nieces  and later  his wife becky  laurie laughlin  from summerville  . both kids and adults will love this show . guaranteed .  
i had watched several days film shooting of this movie that summer  the end result was just two scenes in the movie . the location was sylvan lake in the black hills . bring the wagon  stop the wagon etc . so this dakota youth looked forward to seeing the movie and was not disappointed . the local buffalo herd was being culled so the shooting scenes were for real .  yes doris  animals were hurt during filming  i think the ending was copied by jack nicholson in the shining  a great western  social comment from the    s . this should be in the same class as high noon for real western drama or used as a social statement like blackboard jungle or rebel without a cause was for    s youth .  
full house came to me when i was about  . i remember seeing re  runs of america  s funniest home videos with bob saget  and one day my mom told me that he was also in a show called full house . one day  i was lucky enough to catch an episode while visiting family . it didn  t seem too interesting at first  but as i watched more and more  ever night at      i would just be so into it .  br    br   this show really makes you want to be there yourself  hang out with the girls  go places with them  and maybe even join in their little family  sing  alongs  .  br    br   the thing i like most about full house is that it  s a great show for kids and adults of all ages . there will be some parts that are more for adults  then parts that are meant for kids  so that the whole family will enjoy it . no matter how cheesy it can be  it  s still a great show  and i would definitely recommend it to anyone .  br    br         
i think the comments regarding the show being cheesy are a bit too exaggerated . when a person comes to watch a tv show  what does he look out for  it is to enjoy that he watches a show  unless he  she is a critic or a person who analyzes story . but most of us are not so and watch the shows to relax and enjoy . full house is an ideal show to watch after having a heavy day in the office  school . it makes you laugh and it is not just humor .  br    br   yes  the tanner family is a perfect family  a perfectly hypothetical family . if any such family existed in real world  it would be a role model for us to follow . but this is a tv show  and not a real family  and there is nothing wrong in depicting a hypothetical family on television . the very fact that the show could run so long shows us that people enjoyed watching it  whatever be the comments later on .  br    br   another good point about the show is that any person of any age would not only enjoy watching it  but would take back a message however childish that message be . those jesse  s talks with michelle are extremely touching  if one doesn  t think of it as childish .  br    br   overall i would say after watching every show of full house  there is a contentment in your heart that is rarely present after many other shows .  
i grew up watching full house as a child . i stopped watching it for years  but about two weeks ago i started back watching it again . now my kids watch the show and they love to watch it as well . my kids can  t believe that dj  on the show  and i are the same age .  br    br   i really love the show  because it is a show you can watch with your family . it has good teachings your kids can learn from . also there isn  t any drugs and violence on it . also when the kids  on the show  have a problem they can always open up to their family for help . that  s the message kids should be getting from tv now a days  turn to your family for help  not to drugs . kids should be watching more shows like full house instead of half the mess on tv now a days .  br    br   i also love the show because it makes you laugh and it is down to earth . it talks about real life problems and family matters . there is always a lesson you can learn from the show .  br    br   i vote the show a   .  
full house is a wonderful sitcom that is about a dad  danny tanner  whose wife had just died in a car crash . so danny asks his brother in law  jesse katsopolis  and best friend  joey gladstone  to help raise his three girls  donna jo  dj  tanner  stephanie tanner  and michelle tanner . this is my favorite show ever  and i can watch it all day long . and something on full house is always making me laugh and there are sad parts also . there is never a dull moment in full house . the main characters are played by  bob saget  danny tanner   john stamos  jesse katsopolis   dave coulier  joey gladstone   candace cameron  dj tanner   jodie sweetin  stephanie tanner   and mary  kate  ashley olsen  michelle tanner  .  
i really did not watch this show as often when i was a child but the first episode i remember ever seeing is the episode where kimmy gibbler pierced stephanie ears . when i started high school back in     . i had problems all through out high school and i  d rather not get into that . but i used to always watch saved by the bell but that show really reminded me of the problems i faced at school  and it rarely showed the kids parents . saved by the bell is okay  but not a good family show . a few days after i graduated high school in     . i turned the tv to the family channel and day after day i got addicted to full house . i could even push the info button and see the year it came out and i would remember what i was doing during that time period . the episode was about to come on and it was titled  birthday blues  and to this day it is most favorite episode  it  s sad  with a happy ending  and you see kimmy gibbler in a way she doesn  t act in other episodes  she actually shows her serious side . i have seasons           and  on dvd and i am waiting for  and  . i wished somehow they could have a documentary and some commentaries from the cast members . i don  t why some people have a hatred for this show because you don  t see trash and violence on this show . and for those who hate this show  i pray for you because you might have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love . but full house in my opinion is a family living in heaven where everyone is happy and good things always happen . and the characters are so awesome . danny tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother . joey is good natured and is always in a good mood . when i was a child i used to be just like jesse and he is the first actor on tv as a guy that is so obsessed with hair . somehow you can actually tell that dj is a california girl . i really like the episodes with kimmy gibbler because she always makes me smile and brightens my day when i watch her . and stephanie is so cool . also i have a hard time telling the olsen twins apart . i want my kids to watch it one day . but full house is my   favorite show and sabrina the teenage witch is my   favorite . one day  sometime before i die  i would really like to meet all the cast of full house in person . the first  seasons are kinda boring but they start getting better in the  th season . i just wished they could have made a  th season . they stopped making full house in     and in the fall of     sabrina the teenage witch came out  which is a similar family show  but full house is a very loving show and they have their good times and bad times  and yes  i understand  if your a wild trashy type person your going to hate this show but this is a show for happiness and it is also moral show . also i would like to say that the first  seasons is good kid shows but around the  th and  th seasons dj and stephanie become teenagers . also i noticed  not only with full house but a lot of shows  they never talk about the problems in the world and politics  like when full house was on the air during the gulf war in     and during the time of the oklahoma city bombing in      they never mention anything about it . also steve was my favorite dj  s boyfriend  the ones with viper and nelson were  nt very interesting . but season  and  i think are the best . i just wished they would have made a  th season because  it left a big question mark in my head  because on the last episode in the last minute  dj gets a surprise and goes to her prom with her ex boyfriend steve  i always wondered if they got back together . and i liked how in the final seasons  dj was always the responisible one and stephanie was always wanting to do something daring  like in the episode  stephanie  s wild ride   
full house is a great family show . however  after watching some episodes over and over again i  ve realized that they  re incredibly boring and they seem to shelter themselves from the outside world a lot . yes  there is a lot of comedy  but there are times when it  s incredibly cheesy . it  s not like i hate it  but just don  t watch them over and over again because they get old quick . probably the best season is the first .  br    br   full house is about widower danny tanner  bob saget  and his three daughters d . j .  candace cameron  stephanie  jodie sweetin  and michelle  mary  kate and ashley  . when danny  s wife dies the he is in need of some help . so  his best friend joey  dave coulier  and the girls  uncle jesse  john stamos  moves in with them . once they live there together they find they can  t live without each other .  br    br   full house reminds you just how important family is and that you can always go home again .  
this show is about three little girls .  d . j  stephanie  and michelle  their mother is killed by a drunk driver so their father danny invites his brother  in  law  jesse  and his old friend  joey  . so the whole show is about living life . the girls go through life  s troubles and have life lessons . they develop crushes  boyfriends  and many more . the whole show is basically about to go with the flow . you do not have to hold grudges you just have to let it go . i think this show is really good and fun to watch . i grew up watching this show and still watch it today . i am glad they still air this show on television . i watch it almost every day . i rate it      .  
ok . who brought the cheese . i love it . during it  s run it became a phenomenon . the anorexic twins became popular . bob saget started making a paycheck  instead of his really funny stand  up  . and people knew who dave coulier was . this is when life was good and simple . this is one of the great american classics . it was humorous and always brought home a good lesson . and this is where i differ from the norm i liked the last few seasons . like home improvement  when children get older there are a lot more you can do with the script . this is why i dare say . . . it could have gone much later than it did . but anyway . i gave it an     because of its wholesome  funny story lines  and because of bob saget   
i love full house so much that i couldn  t live without full house . why did it end  it upsets a lot of the fan of it . can we have a full house ii  oh  come on  but it is better that we have those dvd to help us . but i need those real ones to come up with another new episode . love  warmth are filled the house  all the characters are very cute and handsome  candace cameron  mary  kate and ashley olsen  jodie sweetin  bob saget  dave coulier  and john stamos  loooooooove you  dj  michelle  stephanie  danny  joey  and jesse please come back to the screen please  how is michelle after falling down from a horse  how are nicky and alex  is joey alone or is he having a wife or at least a girlfriend  are they still living in the same house  i want to continue the life of full house  and please don  t upset me   
i try to watch it everyday most of the time  and even though i have watched it for the past  years  i have not seen every episode .  br    br   the show is about danny tanner who is guy who does news for sports . his wife is killed by a car accident from a drunk driver and he asks jesse  an elvis maniac with a motorcycle and has an obsession of his hair . joey  an adult kid who does comedy and does voices of cartoons all the time to take care of his three girls  donna joe  they call her d . j .  stephinie who is the second oldest and michelle  the youngest .  br    br   they all live under one roof with no one to help them out .  br    br   later in the show  jesse gets a girl friend and later is married to her and have twins  nicki and alex .  this starts to happen in the new seasons  this show is awesome  if you like the suite life of zack and cody  that  s so raven  boy meets world  and designing woman  you will love this .  it starts to get better in the ending seasons  watch it  you will love it   
i just watched this movie  by mistake . what a little gem . this film made in     looks  and feels  like a late seventies movie . and is in fact better  more restrained and correct than  say  blue soldier . the environmental  anthropological undertones are way ahead of its time . the understated cinematography is superb and terribly realistic . much more than dances with wolves  the last hunt manages to convey the look and feel of the buffalo  killing fields  of the late     s . probably because those in the movie were real killing fields . the movie was shot during legal forestry directed buffalo culls  so the animals you see are really being shot  the bones are real . in conclusion  a very under  rated western masterpiece  superbly acted  directed and shot .  
full house was and still is a great show . it  s a good show for people of all ages and is also a good family show . there really aren  t any shows like it anymore . the kids are very cute and even though it  s a bit cheesy  it  s still good  especially for anyone who watched it when they were a kid . i would love to see the cast interviewed now . anyone that would like to see interviews of the cast  kind of like a where are they now type thing for the special features of the dvd  should go to the petition spot website and sign a petition titled full house reunion on dvd as there is a petition for this in hopes that the cast may want to do it . yay for full house   
  full house   in my opinion  is an absolute abc classic  i  m not sure if i  ve never seen every episode  but i still enjoyed it . one of my favorite episodes is where jesse  john stamos  and rebecca  lori loughlin  get married . if you want to know how what made it so funny  you  d have to have seen it for yourself . it was a two  parter  so you  d have to have seen both parts . another one of my favorite episodes is where jesse  stephanie  jodie sweetin   and michelle  mary kate  ashley olsen  get locked in a gas station on michelle  s birthday . you  d also have to have seen it for yourself if you want to know how and why that happened . i have many other ones that i like  too . everyone always gave a good performance  the production design was spectacular  the costumes were well  designed  and the writing was always very strong . in conclusion  even though it can be seen in syndication now  i strongly recommend you catch it just in case it goes off the air for good .  
this is how i feel about the show .  br    br   i started watching the show in reruns in     .  br    br   i enjoy the show but it had too many faults .  br    br   i hate the michelle  joey characters   br    br   stealing story lines from old tv shows . they even stole from  the partirdge family .  then in  episode  the partridge family  was mentioned .  br    br   actors playing different roles in different episodes . mtv martha quinn the most notable doing this  especially when she played herself in  episode .  br    br   the michelle character could not take a joke but then they had this little kid act out  revenge  to her sisters for a joke by them on her .  br    br   story lines that came  went in  episode . joey getting the tv show with frankie  annette  never heard from it again after that . danny all of a sudden playing the guitar .  episode he is coaching soccer   episode he is coaching softball  baseball .  game  you are out huh danny   br    br   jesse  joey keep getting jobs really quickly with no experience . only in a tv show .  br    br   i did like the d . j .  stephanie characters . wish jodie sweetin could have learned from candace cameron bure  had a clean non drug adult life .  
this show has a great storyline  it  s very believable  a mans wife dies and he cant take care of his children alone so he calls on his brother in law his best friend and many others come later on in the show . such as rebeecca donaldson   the lovable yet strong dog comet  nikki and alex who you can find out for yourself  i don  t want to spoil it for you  and of coerce kimmy gibler   the sidekick of dj  but the kids are wonderful too . this is mary kate and ashley first took off  and also you may know candace cameron bure from shows like st . elsewere punky brewster and that  s so raven  jodie sweetin plays steph the love able middle child who feels left out . really this is a very good show   
i have never seen a show as good as full house . full house puts all of the newer shows to shame  big time  anyone who has never seen it  which i don  t see how it is possible  should see it . it is a great show for anyone of any age . full house will make you laugh  it will make you cry  it will amaze you . true  some people feel that there are some  cheesy  aspects to the show  but  the positive aspects out weigh all of the  cheesy  aspects . full house ran it  s first episode on september        entitled  our very first show  and ran it  s last episode on may        entitled  michelle rides again part ii  .  br    br   the plot of the show is very believable . danny tanner  bob saget  losses his wife  pam  in an accident involving a drunk driver . danny has his brother in law  jesse katsopolis  john stamos   which is pam  s younger brother  and danny also brings in his best friend joey gladstone  dave coulier  to help him raise his three daughters . danny  s daughters are named dj  candice cameron  bure   stephanie  jodie sweetin   and michelle  mary  kate and ashley olsen  . joey and jesse plan on moving in with danny and his three girls for a few months just to help out and end up living with them for eight years which is the number of years the show ran for .  br    br   the following is a short description of some of the characters and the actor  actress who played him  her john stamos  jesse   john stamos is a great actor . he plays jesse . jesse is a rock star waiting to get his big break . in full house  john stamos does a great job portraying his character . he looked and played music like his idol  elvis presley .  br    br   bob saget  danny   bob saget is also a great actor . he looses his wife in car accident involving a drunk driver . he has to raise three girls without a having the girl  s mother . bob saget does a great job portraying a single parent who works full time and still has time to raise his three girls .  br    br   dave coulier  joey   one word can describe dave coulier  funny . he is great . playing the character of joey was perfect for him . he does a great job playing the stand  up comedian waiting for his big break .  br    br   candice cameron  bure  dj   she is a tremendous actress . she plays the oldest sister  dj which is short for donna jo . she is one of the best actresses i have ever seen . her acting ability in full house was very believable .  br    br   jodie sweetin  stephanie   two simple words can describe jodie sweetin  incredibly amazing  i wish i could say every thing that i would like to say about jodie  but  i would use up the      word maximum just on her . she got her start in a kids show called mother goose stories and when she came to full house  she blew the audience  s and creator  s mind . her great looks and absolutely amazing acting ability helped to make the show the success that it was . according to dave coulier  jodie was supposed to be the star of the show . it was supposed to be where she was going to get her big break . jodie  at five years old when the show first aired  could hit every line perfectly . she showed great enthusiasm . most young kids can  t do this . as you can probably guess  jodie sweetin  stephanie  is my favorite character in full house .  br    br   mary  kate and ashley olsen  michelle   great actress . full house is where they got their start . they received the part of michelle because they were the only babies who did not cry while in front of a camera .  br    br   there are many more cast members that should be recognized . these are the original characters from when the show first went on the air in     .  br    br   the only negative thing that i can say is how full house became the michelle show towards the end . i think it was to focused on her towards the end . especially when i think jodie and candice were much better at acting .  br    br   full house is a great show for everyone . it can teach you a lot . one of the biggest things it can teach you is that everyone can live a great life even if a tragedy  such as loosing a family member  occurs . full house continues to attract new fans . with all this said  there is only a couple things left to say full house will never die  and  thank you  the cast of full house  for giving everyone a show that they can enjoy .  
i am only   years old but i discovered full house when i was about five and watched it constantly until i was seven . then i grew older and figured full house could wait and that i had  more important  things to do . plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too  girly .   br    br   then i realized every afternoon at five it was on   and i once again became addicted to it . full house has made me laugh and cry . it  s made me realize how nice it would be if our world was like the world of full house plus a mom . i have heard people say full house is cheesy and unbelievable . but look at the big picture three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver . the sisters fight and get their feelings hurt . the three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times . what  s any more real than that   br    br   if anything the show has lifted me up when i  m down and brought me up even higher when i thought i was at the point of complete happiness . i have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive obsessiveness over mary kate and ashley olsen .  of course hilary duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the cutest babies i have ever seen . they are great actresses and seem to be very nice people .   
i watched  speak easily  one night and thought it was o . k .  but missing something . maybe buster keaton strangely speaking threw me off  or the labored line delivery of a leading lady . the next day i kept thinking about the movie  though . i couldn  t get durante  s song out of my head  i kept trying to better remember thelma todd  s first scene  i considered that maybe keaton did do some funny falls and physical comedy . the next night i watched a scene with thelma todd as a conniving chorus girl trying to impress buster and jimmy with her sex appeal . a very funny scene  the actors excellent  their faces  their eyes  their silly expressions . so i watched another scene  their show is opening on broadway . buster in his blissful innocence botches every act . again  i was laughing out loud  appreciating keaton  s clowning and tumbling . so the next night i watched the whole movie again  and this time i see it for the first time it  s stupendous  it  s sensational  it  s sublime  three great comedians  todd dances  durante sings  keaton speaks  sure it ain  t poifect . . . but there  s a lot of laughs in this picture .  
since it has been some years since i reviewed this classic i have decided to go back and review it more in dept  but first some insider notes from a movie critic .  br    br   this animated series is one of those that i grew up with  it made my childhood joyful  it made it awesome  miss some of this stuff today that we clearly don  t see as much as we did back in the days  well on to the review . . .  br    br   talespin  or luftens helte which it is called in denmark is a great animated series  it is much like chip and dale  ducktales and a lot of those old ones  so it has that weird feeling surrounding it  i cannot remember this series as much as i would like to remember it .  br    br   but in my opinion it was very great  it came with some kind of message  not that wild of a message  however it is one of the old ones so that can be forgiven .  br    br   now i don  t want to sound old or anything but i feel like time slipped out of my hands with these cartoons  today we see something like ed edd and eddy or anything else weird like that  we have all these new or nearly new shows like hannah montana or something like that  yet i feel like that we don  t have the same spirit in cartoons or real shows like we did in the early days .  br    br   now maybe i am wrong but i feel like time has changed to much  to conclude i would be thrilled to see these series like talespin being released again to the tv screen instead of all the new ones  give me back my childhood cartoons  give them to the kids i have some day  give them again . . .  
i used to watch this show when i was a little girl . when i think about it  i only remember it vaguely . if you ask me  it was a good show . two things i remember vaguely are the opening sequence and theme song . in addition to that  everyone was ideally cast . also  the writing was very strong . the performances were top  grade  too . i hope some network brings it back so i can see every episode . before i wrap this up  i  d like to say that i  ll always remember this show in my memory forever  even though i don  t think i  ve seen every episode . now  in conclusion  if some network ever brings it back  i hope that you catch it one day before it goes off the air for good .  
thanks jymn magon  for creating disney  s  best cartoons ever . this show has improved very much over the years . as a kid  i didn  t like it because i thought it was a rip  off of ducktales  which was my favorite disney thing at the time  like grandmoffromero  . then later on though it was good but not great . but after reading the reviews here  i decided to give it another chance  bought the dvd set  watched the whole pilot the first day i got it   was very pleasantly surprised . it  s still my favorite episode  although the series did live up to it . and by the end of disc   i knew this was going to be a top tenner .  br    br   the characters are so complex  charming . my favorite has got to be wildcat . he  s absolutely hilarious and sweet to boot . my next favorite is baloo  the best pilot on the show . i can see why  ol jymn built the show around him . then it  s kit cloudkicker . he  baloo have the best relationship in the series . after that  louie . jim cummings did a perfect job of impersonating the original voice . after him  rebecca . she has made me laugh pretty hard  and i do believe she and baloo eventually marry . and finally  for the heroes   molly . although she  s my least favorite  i still like her . i think she  s a very cute character  much better than webby from ducktales  . and the villains were very original . don karnage  his air pirates always crack me up  kahn is ice  cold and ruthless  and the thembrians are always at least amusing .  br    br   as said before  the stories range from hilarious  time waits for no bear  romance of red chimp  to nothing short of touching  the old man  the seaduck  paradise lost   to fun  funny  exciting adventures  in search of ancient blunders  my favorite for whom the bell klangs  . these are only a few of my favorite episodes . anyway  talespin is disney  s best  aside from gummi bears some reasons for this  gb had a decent amount of my favorite character  cubbi   while ts didn  t have enough of wildcat . but in the end talespin remains a classic . bottom line        th best cartoon ever .  
like most other reviewers i have first seen this movie  on tv  never on the big screen   when i was a teenager . my dad has always regarded this film highly and recommended it to me then  and i must say he was not only right  but this movie has stayed with me forever in the more than  decades since i saw it first time . i have seen it two or three more times since then  just a few days ago i gave it another watch  and it has not lost anything of its impact with time . it still a great and well worth to be seen movie  manr regard peckinpah  s ride the high country as one of the first and best later western  which had a realistic look at life in the old west  but the hardly known last hunt is definitely the better movie and was even half a dozen years earlier . actually it was probably  decades ahead of its time  or maybe it still is . . .  br    br   although thinking hard and having certainly seen    s of western  i like this genre  i can not remember any western as bleak and depressive as this one . two men bound together  partly by hate  partly by not seeming to have other choices  surrounded by beautiful ms . padget  a crippled old man and a young inian  leading the life of buffalo  killers until fate reaches out for one of them .  br    br   nobody who has ever seen this movie will be able to forget its ending and the last frames of this gem . when the camera moves on and away from mr . taylor a white buffalo skin comes into sight  on a tree  and echos from the past  when all the hatred began  are present again . mr . taylor has got his buffalo  but in the end the buffalo got him .  br    br   aside from the top performances of everybody involved  the intelligent script and the great dialogue  it should also be mentioned  that the last hunt is superbly photograped  i have seldomely seen a western that well shot  aside from the ones directed by anthony mann  which are also all superbly photographed   that all the locations are cleverly chosen and that even the soundtrack fits the picture very well .  br    br   and director brooks is really a superb storyteller . master craftsmanship  he has made quite a couple of really great movies and was successful in nearly every imaginable genre  but even in an as prolific career as this one  the last hunt still shines as one of his best  if not his best .  br    br   definitely would deserve a higher rating  compared to the   something ride the high country enjoys .  
in the year      the world of disney tv cartoons was certainly at it  s prime . shows like chip n dale rescue rangers  ducktales and gummi bears was already popular  and now disney made another great cartoon and that cartoon brought the birth of the disney afternoon . that cartoon is called talespin . it  s about old jungle book character baloo the bear as he gets a job in the plane business . in the series he meets kit cloudkicker  former air pirate and good cloud surfer  business lady rebecca cunningham and her hyperactive daughter molly . this series is very funny and has tons of great puns that you may not understand as a kid but understand later on in life . this is one cleverly written series and it  s great to add to your dvd collection . parents  buy this for your kids rather letting them watch all of those horrible nickelodeon cartoons . if you liked talespin  then check out  darkwing duck  and  goof troop  . spin it   
ahh  talespin  what can i say that hasn  t already been said about this great show  nothing  this is without a doubt one of the most well  written shows i  ve ever encountered  live  action or animation . the newer stuff is way too dumbed down for my tastes  and some of the  mature  stuff i have to shoo kids out of the room for . but not talespin .  br    br   the stories are engaging and very plausible . some of them could even be stretched out to an hour or two for a movie . episodes like stormy weather and her chance to dream are very dramatic while still being enjoyable for kids and adults alike . then there are the pure comedy episodes such as the bluest of the baloo bloods and stuck on you  where the emphasis is on hilarity . i can laugh myself to tears in a few choice ones .  br    br   the drama aspect is very lacking in most shows nowadays  at least  those which aren  t specifically geared toward it   especially in cartoons . in the episode stormy weather for instance  kit cloudkicker decides that he  s going to join an air circus  but baloo believes that it would be too dangerous . in the biggest fight of the episode  baloo yells at kit to stay away from daring dan  to which kit screams  no  you can  t tell me what to do  your  re not my dad   and buries his face in his pillow . the next day he leaves for the air circus . this kind of drama is a rarity in a cartoon  and would be most welcome in the ones created nowadays .  br    br   the characters have a lot of depth to them . baloo is pretty much the way he is in the jungle book  plus or minus a few degrees of laziness . rebecca is a cunning business woman whose ideas on getting money  while good in theory  are seldom good in practice . molly is a cute little girl  but you can  t let that deceive you . she can be a real hellion sometimes . kit cloudkicker is a darker character than the rest . he doesn  t trust adults much unless they appeal to him  and he has a tendency to break off relationships . watch his expression in plunder and lightning when he grabs the grappling hook he looks as though he  s prepared to put it right through a pirate .  br    br   in the end  it  s the drama combined with the very real chemistry between the characters that makes this show   in my book . the relationship between baloo and kit is very real  almost father and son . this is demonstrated well in all  s whale that ends whale when baloo takes kit  s word for it that seymour is abusing the animals in his aquarium instead of siding with the other adults . baloo and becky  s relationship is also realistic  due to baloo  s motivation for working comes from wanting to buy back the ol  sea duck  not necessarily a desire to help rebecca . but something tells me that if he did get the duck back he  d still do jobs for rebecca .  br    br   the sea duck  not to mention all the other planes in the series  is pretty realistically designed . the plane  s functions don  t change once throughout the series  continuity like that is hard to come by also   and unlike most other  super  planes  of other cartoons  it doesn  t have one single weapon on board  unless you count mangoes    and relies instead on it  s cunning pilot  s great skill to get out of trouble . it  s hard to think of a hero vehicle that doesn  t have some sort of gun turret  laser cannon  or even a handgun somewhere on board . and the fact that they use their heads to get out of trouble is so hard to find in a cartoon nowadays . plus it  s just such a darn cool design   br    br   this is definitely the best cartoon . ever . period . definitely worth all ten stars   
ever since i remember  i have loved airplanes and flying . i am now in college with a private pilot  s license and looking to become a commercial . i could never remember why i was so obsessed with the subject until i came across my old tail spin tapes in my basement at home and it hit me  this was it . my parents bought every single tape they had and this was the only show i would watch as a kid . i had the theme memorized as i grew up and i can still re  cite it today . it is absolutely amazing and i plan on buying the dvd  s soon  it really is great for children and adults and is absolutely timeless . i cannot get enough of this show .  
along with darkwing duck this is unfairly cancelled . disney has been in decline since tarzan and we need a show like this to get disney back on track . ed gilbert and jim cummings were perfect for the voices of louis and baloo  sounds familiar   the theme theme tune is also catchy . out of all the villains  which are all great on their own merits  tony jay stands out as shere kahn . louis and baloo actually sound very similar to the voice overs in the jungle book  which isn  t a bad thing at all . as a matter of fact  it  s quite inspirational  the animation was spot on  and the script had plenty of wit that has been severely lacking in animations for years . please bring this show back      . bethany cox  
as for many on here i can  t help but praise the cast and crew who developed talespin and others they made throughout my childhood  i as all who have commented here have thoroughly enjoyed the quality of not just the animation but the quality of the story lines and the characters .  br    br   to class this work of art as a  cartoon  could never do talespin justice  in fact it  s an insult to class it as a  cartoon   talespin is an animation and nothing less  it is evidently the greatest work of genius to be produced at disney to date  when disney  pulled  it from the air little did they realise what they did and i  m sure their souls have been tortured by regret ever since .  br    br   i  ll take a moment to explain  from the first which is ducktales to the last which i think is darkwing duck  disney has been plagued with failures due to political correctness and have taken a quantum leap backwards since  they prefer quantity over quality now not to mention the room full of monkey  s for the story  s  i couldn  t have my children watching the mind  numbing  cartoons  they throw out now in fear that they would all turn out to be homer simpson some time in the future and    of the blame would be on me for permitting them to watch it  i couldn  t let that happen  which is why i have all of the shows from the late    s to the mid    s on a harddrive so one day my children couldn  t be corrupted by the  cartoon crap  of today and to savour the last piece of childhood i have and to hold on to and i owe that all to talespin .  br    br   talespin to me is without a doubt the best animation ever produced in the world on account of it  s depth  charm  wit  compassion  emotion and lack of truly bad quality and story lines of which many have today  do you see any of that content in say  ed  edd and eddie or anything else you can think of   the rubbish produced today can be likened to some  year old  s undecipherable hyroglyph depicting a picasso .  br    br   the next time you watch an episode of talespin take a look at the woodgrain on any wooden object or building such as higher for hire and salivate over the quality of workmanship and effort put into this animation  even the one shot backgrounds were done as though they would use them again and again  the buildings look true to the art deco movement which was popular in the time period depicted  even the vehicles are true to life  ok not all of the episodes were fantastic in animation but the lower grade scenes were covered up by the superior scenes so all in all it evened it all out by the end of the episode and you  d probably never even notice at all unless you were focused and have an attention to detail .  br    br   the one thing i love about this is what i like to call the  deliberate mistakes  or  intended mistakes  in each episode and some have two  for example in sheepskin deep where rebecca say  s  you  re up to something baloo  and baloo replies  who  me   i  m as innocent as a schoolboy  take a look into rebecca  s eyes  i won  t spoil the rest of the baloopers but just keep an eye out next time .  br    br   everyone elses comment  s are bang on and     correct  i have nothing else to add that others haven  t said already on here  disney  wake up and smell the coffee  you have been asleep for over a decade  stop producing rubbish and bring back quality into animations and stop producing  cartoons   we have seen the proof of what you can do and we want it back as rapidly as possible .  
  spin it    br    br   the   s opened up with a clever disney favorite   talespin   the tv cartoon series that featured characters from  the jungle book .  join baloo and kit cloudkicker as they fly the sea duck like you  ve never seen it before out of cape suzette  to louie  s  up mountains  through jungles  on water  in volcanoes  looking for adventure  looking for treasure  looking for fun  all in one action  packed cartoon adventure       br    br   this was a favorite of mine as well as my family  s . this ran on the disney afternoon the entire first half of the   s until the original cartoons moved to the old disney channel in      which i have seen on vacation once in     before getting cable in march     .  br    br   and good news today the dvds are here      relive the fun and excitement of  dun  dun  dun  talespin        br    br         
if you are viewing this show for the first time  you may start wondering if you are in an alternate reality . colorful and imaginative characters  entertaining dialogue  plots that seem to have some depth to them  even creating atmospheres of suspense and drama at times  i mean  this is a syndicated children  s show right  this is the same venue that has brought kids such drek as  pokemon    pepper ann    mighty morphin power rangers   and  vr troopers   please note that three of the titles mentioned above are crass japanese exports  courtesy of the fox network and saban entertainment  . don  t worry  you are just sampling some of the quality fare that was available to kids during the late      s and early      s . some examples of this period would be  transformers    garfield and friends    captain power   and  c . o . p . s .   a cartoon not to be confused with the live action show on fox  . besides these prime examples  disney also returned to syndicated programs for kids  coming up with a lineup called  the disney afternoon  . aside from a dumbed  down show called  the gummi bears   early shows like  darkwing duck    duck tales   and  chip  n dale  s rescue rangers  gave credence to the disney animation teams that were also turning out theatrical classics like  the little mermaid    beauty and the beast    the rescuers down under   and  the great mouse detective  . but above all these wonders shines  talespin  . the premiere of  plunder and lightning  was a two  hour thrill ride  and won an emmy . much to my delight  the rest of the episodes were up to par on the promise of the premiere .  br    br   while i enjoy the plots and dialogue  i guess for me the greatest attraction are the characters . there  s rebecca cunningham  an independent female  but still fallible kit cloudkicker  full of pre  teen angst and optimism louie  with his loyalty and support frank wildcat  the most entertaining engineer since scotty on the original  star trek   molly cunningham  cute and witty  but with some depth that most child characters don  t have  and of course in the middle of it all  there  s baloo  whom i would describe as a slobby version of james bond . this is because whenever there  s trouble  baloo saves the day with the assistance of his sleeker  than  most  fastest  of  all sea duck  read james bond  s aston martin  . of course every great show has to have great villains  and talespin doesn  t disappoint here either . from the megalomania of businesstiger shere kahn  to the vain and always failing air pirate don karnage  to the hilarious and inept soviet  satirized thembrians . the animation is good  the music appropriate  and the episodes are  for me  the finest that children  s programming has ever had to offer . great fun for the whole family   
brilliant kung  fu scenes  loads of melodrama  peculiar footwear symbolism and an unhappy    end makes barefoot kid an unforgettable film .  br    br   one of the silliest subtitles i  ve seen . . .  
this movie was beautiful . it was full of memorable imagery  good acting  and touching subject matter . it would be very easy to write it off as being too sentimental  but that is the sentiments this type of a movie is trying to achieve . i was totally involved in the story  s unfolding and presentation . there were a few cheesy shots  but such is to be expected in a religious propaganda film . the only complaint i can conjure is there wasn  t a ton of details . however  this movie wasn  t created to explain every element of joseph smith  s life  ministry  triumphs  controversies  failures etc .  it was designed for a quick glimpse at a few highlights of one of the most amazing american and historical religious figures of all time .  
i have seen this wonderful production  and i wonder if anyone can tell me anything about the actress who played the blacksmith  s wife  i am not sure of her character  s name . i went to byu with her and lost touch with her  her maiden name was kim luke  and i wonder if anyone has any info on her . she is not listed in the credits . this production was outstanding  a tear  jerker on all accounts  superb acting by all . i guess i don  t even want to put it in the general category of  acting   more like  portraying with feeling the amazing events that led to the opening of the heavens for this the final dispensation  . . . . . something like that . if anyone worked with kim or has a website or something please let me know    she was fantastic in her role  by the way . . . . thanks  melissa thorne  
this is the most compelling and excellent performance that robert taylor ever gave . it even surpasses his wonderful performance as  johnny eager  coming a full   years after that film . his looks are still a wonder to see  but he has a maturity now that gives him the edge in this gritty  violent role . charlie gilson  taylor  is the last of his breed  a buffalo hunter who kills not for the money but for the pleasure . his wild eyed killing of not only buffalo but human beings  is stunning to watch . he is basically a lonely man  needing the people around him  but they dislike him because of his sociopath behavior . his partner is sandy mckenzie  stewart granger  who is sick of the hunt  and only goes along  because he is a failure at anything else . along the way charlie kills a family of indians and captures the beautiful debra pagent . charlie tries to seduce her to no avail  but sees that sandy is interested in her also . granger is kind of sad to watch  so fed up with the hunt  longing to go away with the girl and her baby . lloyd nolan as the drunken skinner is wonderful with his wise cracks and accordian playing . russ tamblyn plays the half breed trying to fit in a white world . the group is an odd mix of good and evil  young and old . in the end taylor gets spooked by the buffalo  as many hunters before him had  and runs off leaving sandy with the girl . upon his return  that night sandy leaves with the woman  setting charlie off on a rampage of killing in a quest to get sandy and have the girl for himself . the final confrontation comes in a snow storm and the last scene is so shocking that you will never forget it . it is taylor  s film all the way and he was truly a much underrated actor of the era .  
the best way for me to describe europa  which is high on the list of my favourite films  is the exclamation that came from a companion after the film ended  i didn  t know films could be made like that  . entirely original in it  s visual style  it is one of the best examples of what cinema can be . it  s as far away from the  master and coverage  style of shooting as one can get perfectly integrating many layers of image  sound  effects  props  dialogue  voice over  performance  editing  lighting  etc . . . all equal  none predominant . despite hollywood  s  dialogue  myopia  cinema is not about dialogue  nor is it about beautiful lighting  action or music . it works best when all the elements are on an equal footing  where only the blending of those elements  in the order or combination in which they are presented  will communicate the idea . reduce or eliminate the contribution of one element  and the film has no meaning .  europa  is what cinema should strive to be .  
liked stanley  iris very much . acting was very good . story had a unique and interesting arrangement . the absence of violence and porno sex was refreshing . characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings . very enjoyable movie .  
i think the film is educational . however  it fails to treat the issue which sparked so much controversy plural marriage . also  the film fails to reveal what the lds church espouses . big opportunity was missed to tell the world what they actually believe . i could not get a clear idea of what it is lds views are on central topics of religion .  br    br   i have many lds friends and they are nice people . would have been nice to get a clearer picture of how they view their prophet  s more controversial statements . maybe these statements are just too controversial to be treated in a film format  but it would have been great to hear the whole story of joseph smith  s truly interesting life . after all  it gives insight into american thought on religion in the   th century . hope they do some documentaries on this fascinating subject  allowing historians to comment on smith  s life . we may have a mormon president some day . after all  smith ran for president .  
i don  t know what movie some of these other people watched  but they must have seen a different  joseph smith prophet of the restoration  than the one i saw .  br    br   i think the movie was both well  done and inspiring . i think it  s definitely worth watching . it  s apparent from the outset that a lot of care went into the making of this film . the background scenery is beautiful .  br    br   i think the film does a good job of portraying joseph smith both as a man and as a prophet . joseph  s spiritual experiences are portrayed with taste and reverence .  br    br   i would definitely recommend watching this movie .  
despite reading the  initial comments  from someone who curiously disliked the film    why is the only negative comment very first on the list   it was very nice to note that virtually everyone else loved it  obviously the church wanted to stress certain points and portray the prophet joseph smith in a positive manner  thats the whole idea . and in fact  those points were extremely effective . we already know joseph smith was human . . . but despite that  and all of the horrific negative attempts stirred on by the adversary  it showed just how he was able to complete a remarkable  god  given work . i  d recommend it to anyone   
as a convert into the church of jesus christ of latter day saints  i try to absorb as much as i can of my new religion  s history . i was invited to attend a showing of this film with my sons  the other young men  women as well as their families of our ward .  br    br   on a beautiful spring evening  we drove to kirtland  ohio to the church  s historical village located there . we were to have had reservations at the vistor  s center to view this movie . since my movie viewing was limited to only a few church documentaries  i was intrigued . the only  full length motion pictures  of the church  s i had seen was  legacy  and  my best two years   both which i thought were very well written and preformed .  br    br   at the beginning  the missionary interpretor passed out tissues stating that several people had been deeply moved to the point of tears by this movie . i thought  ok . . . but it takes a lot to move me to tears .  imagine my surprise when i found myself sobbing  it truly is a very moving  inspirational testament to the prophet joseph smith .  br    br   see it  believe in it  s powerful message   
this film is a true and historical film . it is very useful to those researching the lds church  because it is     true . it is an excellent film and i recommend it .  br    br   it is very factual  exciting  and motivational . there are some who think it is not factual  but it is .  br    br   it is about the restoration of the church of jesus christ of latter day saints  and about the prophet  joseph smith  who restored it . it has such events in his life as the disease that he had when he was a small boy  his courting emma smith  emma  his wife  giving birth  and so on . but most importantly it reveals the restoration of the church .  
this movie was the best movie i have ever seen . being lds i highly recommend this movie because you are able to feel a more understanding about the life of joseph smith . although the movie was not made with highly acclaimed actors it is a remarkable and life changing movie that can be enjoyed and appreciated by everyone . i saw this movie with my family and i can bear witness that we have all had a change of heart . this movie allows people to really understand how hard the life was for the prophet and how much tribulation he was faced with . after i saw this movie  there was not a single dry eye in the entire room . everyone was touched by what they saw and i have not been the same since i have seen it . i highly recommend this movie for everyone .  
the most amazing  spiritually uplifting movie about the restoration of the gospel . far better than any other film  or movie made about the restoration thus far . if you haven  t seen it  hop on a plane to salt lake and see it now . you won  t regret it  you truly get a sense of what the first saints had to struggle through  putting complete and total faith in there prophet joseph smith . you finally get some sort of comprehension of the things the prophet had to fight through and the persecutions he and his people faced . if you have any questions about the church of jesus christ of latter  days saints and our humble beginnings just watch this movie  it will make complete and total sense afterward .  
this is one of the most spiritual movies i have ever seen . i headed up with about    people to st . george and we saw this movie in the visiting center of the st . george temple . . not one person had dry eyes in the audience . also  there were some non  religious and anti  mormon people in the audience who felt the spirit of the movie and were touched by the captivating music and reenactment of the story of the pioneers and the hardships they faced because of their beliefs .  br    br   i recommend this movie for anyone who wishes to understand more about joseph and the hardships that the pioneers went through . after all  it is apart of american history .  
this movie makes a statement about joseph smith  what he stood for  and what the lds church believes . with all the current media coverage of a certain fugitive people have confused the lds church with the flds church and criminal fugitive warren jeffs . jeffs is not associated with the lds church yet media groups internationally have asked for comments about jeffs from the lds church . jeffs is not mentioned in the movie at all but i think that it is ironic that this movie with all it  s points about joseph also point away from the fews of the flds church and their leader at this time in the media world . this is a movie about joseph smith and a great one at that . some of the most obvious differences between jeffs and joseph is portrayed in joseph  s humanity  acceptance and love . jeffs views and opinions differ greatly from joseph smith and the lds church and it is seen in this movie . jeffs thinks of the  negro  as devils . joseph smith knew they were children of god and gave up his wife  s favorite horse to a african american  former slave  to buy his son  s freedom . joseph is shown doing housework for his wife emma and is criticized by a member until joseph tells him that a man may lose his wife in the next life if she chooses not to stay with her husband and that doing chores is a way to help and cherish your wife . jeffs brought one of his polygamist wives to her knees in front of a class full of students by grabbing her braid and twisting it painfully till she came to her knees . lastly joseph participated with law enforcement and sought aid from the government at all times . jeffs thumbs his nose at government and flees at all times .  br    br   i loved this movie and if you don  t know much about joseph smith and what the lds church believes  then this is the movie to see . and if you had confused the lds church with the flds church then you really need to get your act together . we are not much different from anyone who believes in jesus christ  the sanctity of marriage and the family  as well a patriotic to our homeland and country . we are all different as well just like you can find different protestants  presbyterians  methodist  baptist and catholics . what  s important is our message and what we stand for . this movie trys to portray that but there is so much of joseph  s life that can  t be covered in a mere  hour movie . this was a really great show .  
i really thought they did an excellent job  there was nothing wrong with it at all  i don  t know how the first commenter could have said it was terrible  it moved me to tears  i guess it moved about everyone to tears  but i try not to cry in a movie because it  s embarrassing but this one got me . it was sooo good  i hope they release it on dvd because i will definitely buy a copy  i feel like it renewed my faith and gave me a hope that i can  t explain  it made me want to strive to be a better person  they went through so much and we kind of take that for granted  i guess . compared to that  i feel like our own trials are nothing . well  not nothing  but they hardly match what they had to go through . i loved it . who played emma    
have no illusions  this is a morality story . granger is the troubled ex  buffalo hunter  tempted back to the plains one more time by kill  crazed taylor . granger can see the end is near  and feels deeply for the cost of the hunt  on the herds  the indians and the land itself . taylor  on the other hand admittedly equates killing buffalo  or indians to  being with a woman .  while granger  s role of the tortured hunter is superb  it  s taylor who steals the show  as the demented  immoral  everyman  out for the fast buck and the goodtimes . there  s not a lot of bang  bang here  but the story moves along quickly  and we are treated to a fine character performance by nolan . the theme of this story is just as poignant today  as in the     s  man  s relationship to the land and what  s on it  and racism . considering when this was made  the censors must have been wringing their hankies during the scenes in the  bawdy house   taylor  s relationship with the squaw  and much of the dialogue . although downbeat  this is truly a great western picture .  
warning mild spoilers .  br    br   the story of joseph smith stands out as an amazing  even moving  episode in american history and world religious history . this movie portrays events in the life of joseph smith  whom mormons revere as the prophet of the restoration of the true church of jesus christ on the earth . i  ve so far seen the movie twice in its first month of public showing .  br    br   joseph smith is shown first to be the youngest of a trio of brothers  alvin  hyrum  joseph  who  at a very young age  needed an operation . the operation  done without our modern conveniences  was bloody and difficult . the scene helped to show the cohesiveness of the smith family and the bonds between the brothers and between joseph and his parents .  br    br   joseph  s religious confusion and subsequent praying which lead to what mormons call the first vision was interestingly portrayed . the face of jesus is never shown  but you see the unmistakable nail marks in his hands . the rejection by religious leaders and many in his small new york community is sweetened at least slightly by joseph  s marriage to emma .  br    br   this movie does not clearly map out the events of mormon church history  but merely jumps from scene to scene . this is not a critique  simply a note about the style .  br    br   the practice of tarring and feathering is shown  and it is especially dramatic and moving when joseph delivers a sermon about the savior  s love with a scarred face from having recently been attacked .  br    br   the movie masterfully portrays simultaneously the joy and growth of mormonism as an infant church  while at the same time the ever  deepening opposition that spread into the heights of local governments .  br    br   the film shows many scenes from joseph  s life  including a few beautiful moments portraying his relationship to emma . an attempt is made to show the depth and complexity of joseph  s life  including his fierce love for his wife  his endless love for children  his wit  his courage in the face of filthy and dangerous opposition  his religious sentiments  and his compassion .  br    br   as joseph and hyrum ride to carthage  never to return home alive  most of the characters from throughout the movie  whose lives had been touched by joseph  are shown along the way  helping to reinforce what was already seen but setting up the final scene to be more powerful .  br    br   at the end  the martyrdom of joseph and hyrum is portrayed  and moviegoers are left to ponder the events they just witnessed .  br    br   when i first watched the movie i assumed it was made by the church to introduce joseph smith to non  members . i no longer think that is the case  although i hope the movie can do just that . as an insider  i find that the film is a celebration of joseph and excellently reinforces the good things we already know about him . i am curious to see how outsiders will view the film  whether they will simply see it as propagandic  an epic story of an american religious man  or something else .  br    br   the film is beautifully shot  family friendly  moving and  hopefully  something good for everyone . that the events portrayed actually happened in these united states of america is interesting to ponder in light of the many aspects of our culture  including freedom of religious expression and respect  generally  for the law  we moderns take for granted .  
i am stunned at the negative comments that i have read and can only assume that the people making such comments were less than honest . this is the most moving and real portrayal of joseph smith that i have ever seen . it was well acted to the point that at times i forgot that i was watching a movie . it brought joseph  s life of hardship  good  natured optimism  enduring faith in people and god  and ultimate sacrifice to life such in a way that frankly left me speechless and silent in awe . if anyone  of any christian religion can watch this movie without being touched in some positive way   i would have to say it is a reflection of the individual and not the movie . i give the movie a     and encourage honest souls to view it . at the very least it is an extremely heart felt portrayal of man who gave everything he had for what he believed . . . in a world where values and beliefs are ridiculed  this movie stands as a enduring reminder of the kind of people we are supposed to be  no matter what religious beliefs we hold .  ann pruitt   
i saw it at the legacy theater in the joseph smith memorial building in salt lake city this morning . i  m going to assume that one  s level of enjoyment during this movie will largely be based on one  s level of acceptance of joseph  s story .  br    br   however  that aside it was very well made  well acted  and had a nice score . if you get to salt lake city  it is a must to see it in the legacy theater . i have never been in a nicer theater as far as picture quality  sound quality and ambiance in my entire life . . . i wonder if the church would let me watch batman begins there  being that i  m lds and regard joseph as a prophet  i was touched in several places and was brought to tears quite a few times . . . which i presume is expected since they handed out tissues before the movie started  anyway  i  m told that this film is available in several lds visitor centers around the globe  if you have   minutes check it out because whether you believe joseph smith or not  he tells a fascinating story .  
after reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews  i decided that i would add my ten cents worth to say i thought the film was excellent  not only in the visual beauty  the writing  music score  acting  and directing  but in putting across the story of joseph smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in god the way he felt and knew to be his path . i am very pleased  indeed  to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man . i recommend everyone to see this when the opportunity presents itself  no matter what religious path he or she may be walking  this only instills one with more determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the savior taught us to do .  
this is by far the most incredible movie i have seen in a long time . the actors gave wonderful portrayals of the characters in the movie . the story was accurately portrayed . the story starts out with a young woman from the british isles and her father traveling by steamboat to nauvoo  illinois . she has become a member of the lds church and he has not . he thinks she is ridiculous for making the trip and is discouraging . she encourages him to read about joseph smith  the prophet . this is where the story of the prophet joseph smith begins . the movie accurately portrays his life and some of the history of the lds church at the same time . it was graphic at times  but was needed . the emotional expression was very believable  which caused my emotions to spill out . filming was awesome . the way in which the story was presented was touching . after the movie was over  we just sat there unable to moved . i was stunned . for people who know very little of joseph smith  the mormon prophet  i would encourage you to see this . if nothing else but to gain some understanding of his life . for those who are members of the church  i would encourage you to see it . it will increase your testimony of this most incredible man . this is a must see .  
thought at first this film would be your typical western film  however  it turned out to be very interesting and kept me spellbound right to the very end  which turned out very unusual . charlton heston   sam burgade    midway       had past experiences with james coburn   zach provo    deadfall       and zach never forgave sam and would stop at nothing to make sure he caught up with him and paid him back . unfortunately  barbara hershey   susan burgade    the portrait of a lady       managed to get caught up in this situation and found herself among sex starved men who never seemed to leave her alone . sam burgade had to make some very hard decisions and and i was quite surprised at the conclusion . this is a very entertaining film and the acting was outstanding .  
good western filmed in the rocky arizona wilds . lots of tough guys throughout cobern  s character seemed to rock back and forth between a raging psycho and a laid back type . several holes appeared in the picture  but not enough to offset it being exciting and worth seeing . one really dumb scene shows heston emptying .   cases of their powder and collecting it in a sack for the purpose of starting a fire . a . to gather that much gunpowder he would have needed a pack mule to carry the ammo . b . the grass was obviously dry why not just drop a match on it and let  er rip   
  the last hard men  is a typical western for the    s . most of them seem to be inspired by sam peckinpah . also this one  but director andrew mclaglan is a john ford pupil and this can be obviously shown in many scenes . imo the beginning is very good . in a certain way mclaglan wanted to show the audience a travel from the civilization to the wilderness . in the third part there are some illogical flaws and i complain a bit about charlton heston . he has to play an old ex  lawman named sam burgade but he is in a fantastic physical shape . i never got the feeling that he really has problems to climb on a horse or on a rock . for me he didn  t looks very motivated as he usual do in most of his epic movies . same goes to the beautiful barbara hershey who is playing the sheriff  s daughter . maybe both had troubles with the director or were unhappy with their roles . hershey and coburn are not showing their best but they are still good . if the scriptwriter had john wayne in their mind as sam burgade  also michael parks as modern sheriff is a bit underused in his role . on the other hand there is james coburn as outlaw zach provo . coburn is a really great villain in this one . he is portraying the bad guy between maniac hate and cleverness . his role and his acting is the best of the movie .  br    br   landscapes and shootouts are terrific . the shootings scenes are bloody and the violence looks realistic . zach provo and his gang had some gory and violent scenes . what i miss is the typical western action in the middle of the movie . i would have appreciated a bank robbery or something similar . overall it  s an entertaining western flick . not a great movie but above the average because of a great coburn  a very good beginning and some gory and violent scenes .  
spoilers seething with hatred and revenge half breed zach provo  james coburn  had spent the last   years on a chain gang planing his escape . what provo want  s more then freedom is to even the score with the man who captured him and in the process  during a wild shootout  killed his navajo wife the former pima county sheriff sam burgade  charlton heston .  br    br   making his escape after killing two prison guards provo makes his way towards yuma knowing that that  s not just where burgade lives but where his his young daughter susan  barbara hershey  resides as well . using his fellow escaped convicts to lure burgade into the vast arizona desert  by promising them        .   in gold coins that he buried there  provo plans to exact his bloody vengeance on burgade . but only after having him witness his daughter being brutally raped by his fellow convicts or are  in not being with a woman for years  as horny as a rabbit during mating season   br    br   brutal and very effective western that updates the john wayne     classic  the searchers  in a father searching through dangerous indian territory for his kidnapped daughter . charlton heston as the guilt  ridden sam burgade in his felling somehow responsible for killing provo  s wife and then having to face the fact that the same thing can very well happen to his daughter susan is perfect in the role of the aging and retired sheriff . charles coburn as the vengeful half breed zach provo is also at his best as the obsessed with hatred and murder escaped convict .  br    br   the man who escaped with provo are really not interest in his personal affairs but have no choice  in that he knows the territory like the back of his hand  but to go along with him . it  s only the thought of them having their way with susan  when provo gives them the green light  as well as the buried        .   in gold coins that keeps them from breaking up and going their own way .  br    br   also going along with burgade is susan  s boyfriend hal brickman  chris mitchum  who proves in the end that he  s as good as burgade is  who felt that he just didn  t have it in him  in both tracking down the escaped criminals as well as using common sense  which in this case burgade lacks  in doing it .  br    br   spoilers the unbelievably brutal and blood splattered showdown between burgade and provo is almost too much to sit through . provo who  s hatred of burgade bordered on out right insanity wanted him to suffer a slow and excruciating death . it was that hatred that bugrade took advantage of and  after taking some half dozen bullets  thus ended up putting the crazed and blood thirsty  as well as mindless  lunatic away for good   
i  ve seen this film on sky cinema not too long ago . . i must admit  it was a really good western which features  of the big names . . on one side  there  s charlton heston  playing the infamous and retired lawman samuel burgade . on the other . . the late james coburn playing the villainous zach provo . . seeking revenge on burgade no matter what the cost . .   br    br   the good thing about this film was there was some really good characters . . most of the actors played it out really well . . especially james coburn  who i find that he was really mean in this film . . but that how it was . .  br    br   christopher mitchum  who i  ve seen everywhere in other films . . playing hal brickman . . i felt his character was left out in the cold  but he manage to get himself back in by teaming up with burgade  to bring down provo  s posse  s   br    br   all in all  it was a great film . . very good to watch . . great score from the late jerry goldsmith . .  br    br   wonderful piece of western persona . .   out of   .  
the arrival of vast waves of white settlers in the     s and their conflict with the native american residents of the prairies spelled the end for the buffalo . . .  br    br   the commercial killers  however  weren  t the only ones shooting bison . . . train companies offered tourist the chance to shoot buffalo from the windows of their coaches . . . there were even buffalo killing contests . . .  buffalo  bill cody killed thousands of buffalo . . . some u . s . government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds . . . the buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting . . . few visionaries are working today to rebuild the once  great bison herds . . .  br    br    the last hunt  holds one of robert taylor  s most interesting and complex performances and for once succeeded in disregarding the theory that no audience would accept taylor as a heavy guy . . .  br    br   his characterization of a sadistic buffalo hunter  who kills only for pleasure  had its potential the will to do harm to another . . .  br    br   when he is joined by his fellow buffalo stalker  stewart granger  it is evident that these two contrasted characters  with opposite ideas  will clash violently very soon . . .  br    br   taylor  s shooting spree was not limited to wild beasts . . . he also enjoy killing indians who steal his horses . . . he even tries to romance a beautiful squaw  debra paget  who shows less than generous to his needs and comfort . . .  br    br   among others buffalo hunters are lloyd nolan  outstanding as a drunken buffalo skinner russ tamblyn as a half  breed and constance ford as the dance  hall girl . . . but taylor steals the show . . . richard brooks captures  in cinemascope and technicolor  distant view of buffalos grazing upon the prairie as the slaughter of these noble animals . . .  br    br   the film is a terse  brutish outdoor western with something to say about old western myths and a famous climax in which the bad guy freezes to death while waiting all night to gun down the hero . . .  
the last hard men finds james coburn an outlaw doing a long sentence breaking free from a chain gang . do he and his friends head for the mexican border from jail and safety . no they don  t because coburn has a mission of revenge . to kill the peace officer who brought him in and in the process killed his woman .  br    br   that peace officer is charlton heston who is now retired and he knows what coburn is after . as he explains it to his daughter  barbara hershey  coburn was holed up in a shack and was involved in a waco like standoff . his indian woman was killed in the hail of bullets fired . it  s not something he  s proud of  she was a collateral casualty in a manhunt .  br    br   lest we feel sorry for coburn he lets us know full well what an evil man he truly is . heston is his usual stalwart hero  but the acting honors in the last hard men go to james coburn . he blows everyone else off the screen when he  s on .  br    br   coburn gets the bright idea of making sure heston trails him by kidnapping hershey and taking her to an indian reservation where the white authorities can  t touch him . he knows that heston has to make it personal then .  br    br   coburn  s gang includes  morgan paull  thalmus rasulala  john quade  larry wilcox  and jorge rivero . heston has chris mitchum along who is his son  in  law to be .  br    br   the last hard men is one nasty and brutal western . andrew mclaglen directed it and i  m thinking it may have been a project originally intended for sam peckinpaugh . it sure shows a lot of his influence with the liberal use of slow motion to accentuate the violence . of which there is a lot .  br    br   for a little peckinpaugh lite  the last hard men is your film .  
this hard  hitting  often violent western in the peckinpah  leone tradition is surprisingly directed by andrew v . mclaglen  whose previous westerns  particularly those that starred john wayne  were mainly in the john ford mode . it is both surprisingly traditional  good guys  bad guys  and incredible up  to  date as well .  br    br   heston portrays a former captain of the arizona territorial police who has been in retirement for a year  having turned over the law enforcement reins to a reform  minded sheriff  michael parks  and finding his ways of enforcing the law being taken over by autos  telegraphs  telephones  and the railroad in the first years of the   th century . but soon he is confronted with a menace from his past   a half  breed outlaw  coburn  that he put away more than a decade before for a train robbery that killed four guards . in a subsequent shootout  coburn  s wife was killed and so coburn is out for a most nasty sort of revenge . it involves the kidnapping and  eventually  the rape of heston  s daughter  hershey  by him and his gang . the result is a taut and violent pursuit through the mountains and deserts of southern arizona .  br    br   the last hard men  based on brian garfield  s novel  gun down   is violent in many places  including the showdown between heston and coburn  and the rape scene involving hershey and two members of coburn  s gang  quade  paull  is probably every bit as questionable as similar scenes in straw dogs and deliverance . but that doesn  t detract too terribly much from the film  s psychological approach to the western genre . mclaglen is able to handle the bloody story with significant panache  and heston  s performance as an aging lawman was probably the best one he ever gave in any of his     s films . coburn makes for an especially cold  blooded heavy  and both parks and chris mitchum  as hershey  s intended husband  do good turns as well . the music here is cribbed from jerry goldsmith  s scores to    rifles and the     remake of stagecoach  but it still works here .  br    br   wisely filmed totally on location in southeastern arizona  and utilizing the old tucson set  the last hard men needs to be released by fox on vhs and  or dvd soon . it is a western that deserves nothing less .  
as a huge fan of the original  i avoided this film like the plague when the bad reviews started coming in eight years ago  but i just finished watching this film and found it to be a really pleasant surprise .  br    br   okay  if you are looking for a retread of the original  you  re in for a big disappointment  but if you are looking for something quite different  a bit edgy and political  then this is the film for you .  br    br   gregory is now thirty four and works as a teacher at his old comprehensive school  where he  s being pursued by a fellow teacher and having sexual dreams about one of his students . when the student insists on meeting up with gregory  a series of misadventures ensue that include torture  breaking and entering and all manner of unexpected twists and turns that left me feeling elated and moved .  br    br   if you are looking for something original  then i highly recommend this film . i only wish that more people had gone to see this when it was released and seen it for what it really is .  
a shift in outlook is neccesary to enjoy modern british films  one that somehow allows them to be seen in their own right and for their own qualities rather than by the criteria that american films are judged . britfilm has to try hard to be gritty and finds it hard to make it  but at warmth british films can lord it over their otherwise overwhelming competitor .  br    br   this film fails not in its content but only in attaching itself to the predeccesor  so allowing it to be all to easily seen as the work of star and director somewhere near the end of their tethers . it  s a couple of decades later  gregory teaching and this time with two girls on his mind . he teaches at his school railing against human rights abuses . when students he  s fired up find abuses in their midst he must face whether he  s just all talk .  br    br   this is a subversive film in that there  s not the usual worldly character of any american movie that you expect to do whatever he does  but a naive man boy who may still put everything on the line for principles . maybe . it  s certainly no protest  by  numbers though  being too warm . where u . s . film may seem realistic because they  re urban and gritty  this and other british films of recent years  those that don  t try to match america for visceral thrills  are real because british humour reveals truths .  
the good thing about this film is that it stands alone  you don  t have to have seen the original . unfortunately this is also it  s biggest drawback . it would have been nice to have included a few of the original characters in the new story and seen how their lives had developed . sinclair as in the original is excellent and provides the films best comic moments as he attempts to deal with awkward and embarrassing situations but the supporting cast is not as strong as in the original movie . forsyth is to be congratulated on a brave attempt to move the character on and create an original sequel but the film is ultimately flawed and lacks the warmth of the original  
somewhere near the bottom of the film studio ladder you can find companies like u . f . o  troma and beneath them lie seduction cinema .  br    br   seduction is a direct to video production company that specialize in lesbian themed  non  hardcore erotic movies . it has developed a very dedicated fan base that purchase each new title as they are released but sadly the company has become too closely associated with frequent star misty mundae . i say sadly because recent mainstream interest and her appearance on the show masters of horrors has caused her to set her sights a little higher than the zero budget s . c efforts which forces the company to find a new identity . but back in their glory days they released this film on a very appreciative world .  br    br   the gorgeous misty mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of a absent father . at the school she meets her absurdly hot room  mate played by ruby larocca who immediately has designs on her but the headmistress  barbara joyce  has other plans . in typical s . c style the movie stops every ten minutes for a extended sex scene but unlike most of their efforts this one has a somewhat interesting story and a couple of good performances . ms . larocca appears to be having a great time as the sexual predator who views misty as a tasty meal and darian caine makes a welcome  though brief  appearance as satan . this is the sort of film that jess franco would crank out in the   s  although this one does not have the hardcore sex that franco was always willing to throw in for foreign sales  and fans of that madman  s work would be wise to give this one a go .  br    br   to me  as a long time zero budget cinema fan  and troma worshiper   i came across the seduction cinema films through their parody films  playmate of the apes  who wants to be a erotic billionaire  but i actually prefer their more original works . you either see past the low budget and occasionally weak acting or you get hung up on these things and just hate all of these films . for me the most obvious thing that unites these no  budget movies is a real sense of fun . these low budget companies are able to create their own unique style which gives the viewer something very different from the bland  by the numbers  studio efforts that load up the multiplexes .  br    br   if you have never seen a seduction cinema film either this or sin sisters  featuring both of the mundae sisters  are excellent choices to begin with . this one is a fun  fast paced film  although the frequent exterior shots of the school do get a little old  and the dvd is totally loaded with extras including a ton of previews of other company offerings  a great behind the scenes featurette and some deleted scenes including a alternate opening . i do recommend you pass on the disc  s bonus feature  the first film by director  as it is quite weak and not really worth viewing .  
i have to say that this tv movie was the work that really showed how talented melissa joan hart is . we are so used to  now  seeing her in a sitcom and i really hope that a tv station will show this tv movie again soon as it will show the sabrina fans that mjh shines in a drama . seen as we have watched her on sabrina now for now  years and so to give the viewers a taste of her much unused talent would be a plus . melissa plays her role so well in this wanting her parents  done away  with so she can be with the guy she loves . one thing that all sabrina viewers will notice  melissa works with david lascher in this  well before he took the role of josh on sabrina . so it would be kind of neat to see this currently whenever it gets aired again . hopefully mjh gets some good roles in movies or even in more tv movies  sort of like kellie martin who has always shined in tv movies . lots of unused talent waiting to bust out when it comes to melissa joan hart  you shine always melissa     
i have seen it  i like it melissa plays her part well . it was actually believable . my brother in law saw it with my sister  i and when i mentioned to my sister that i forgot it was based on a true story  i had seen it a few years ago .  he said just because its on lifetime you think its true  both my sister  i were like it was so anyway i was wondering if anyone knew what murder it was or like who was really involved was because i want to prove it to him . i love lifetime movies especially the ones that are true  or just the ones that teach a good lesson . i thought i saw something about it a week ago but i cant remember where any help would be appreciated .  
this movie is totally wicked  it  s really great to see mjh in a different role than her sabrina character  the plot is totally cool  and the characters are excellently written . definitely one of the best movies    
i like the movie . twisted desire had jeremy jordan  one of my favorite and one of the cutest actors ever . melissa joan hart is a good actress . i  ve seen most of her movies but all of jeremy jordan  s . the thing i dislike about twisted desire is when  nick  gets arrested and  jennifer  rats him out . twisted desire is my second favorite movie . my first is the goonies . but i still love jeremy jordan .  
i really enjoyed this documentary about kenny and spencer  s attempt to pitch  the dawn  . was a great look at how outsiders try to get to the inside to make it big .  br    br   the story was put together well and organized in an interesting manner that made the film flow well . certainly worth a watch . my only complaint is that their appeared to be no closure . perhaps that is part of the point . we expect it but in reality that is not what happened  or usually happens  .  br    br   the film is also a great way to see the personality of kenny and spencer outside of their canadian television show . you can see a bit of what is yet to come .  br    br   i look forward to a chance to see the papal chase .  
hi  im scott  a . k . a woody      i love the film twisted desire  and i love watching melissa joan hart on the t . v as i think she is fine . i am a real fan of sabrina the teenage witch too  so this helped my watch it  don  t ask  . i love the way that nicole plans out her parents murder very carfully  as she makes sure that someone else pulls the trigger and practices on the bottles  so she wont give away her fingerprints  a very well planned out idea   back i guess it all backfired on nicole as she got caught as her old boyfriend comes along and puts a hidden camera under his shirt . i give this film a nine out of ten  and put it in my top   films list . and last but not least if anyone see  s this film in the shops please tell me as i seen it on tv and didn  t record it . bye  
  warning minor spoilers   br    br   i ran into this one partway through and watched from there  not knowing what it was or what the plot was . it certainly held my attention i didn  t know until the ending that it was based on a true story  the guy she used to do the dirty deed came out looking like a seriously nice guy who just got his head twisted around by a devious girl i have to question how true to life that portrayal is . anyone who would murder a husband and wife as they slept just can  t be entirely nice . still  i did have some sympathy for him  as he had been set up and taken advantage of that much was made clear .  br    br   my main complaint is with the ending  here comes the biggest spoiler  skip this paragraph if you don  t want to learn it  . a few minutes before it ended  there seemed no way for the truth to be discovered . the way it got discovered was in a  sting  operation  but my question is how did the police get convinced to go along with it  the movie didn  t show us that  and it seemed a bit too convenient absent the explanation of how they were persuaded to do it .  br    br   i think the way they handled that was done for dramatic purposes  as the omission of the explanation lent an aura of suspense to the crucial scene which otherwise wouldn  t have been there  we would already have known what the scene was about  and what was going on with brad in it  .  br    br   otherwise  this is a pretty good film i give it     . it made me think . now i  m interested to find out the facts of the real case .  br    br   one more thing the movie was done in     . some of the reviews here seem to be treating it as a more recent movie .  br    br   p . s . meadow sisto is lovely . i hadn  t seen her before . she can act a little  too  always a plus in her line of work  lol  .  
the movie that i am going to review is a little television movie made in     and it starred melissa joan hart and daniel baldwin .  br    br   the main protagonist  antagonist jennifer stanton  hart  is a typical all american teenager who is feeling the pressure of having such a controlling father  baldwin  . however  when she meets an ex con called nick ryan  jeremy jordan  never been kissed   they instantly  fall  for each other  but jennifer has a different idea on where to take their relationship . she manipulates him to kill her parents  to protect their  love  but she just used him to get rid of her parents so she can be with brad  david lascher future  sabrina  cast mate for hart  . melissa joan hart actually really surprised me with her role as an evil manipulator and she carries the movie well by using her friends and nick so she can literally get away with murder . the rest of the supporting cast work well and they each hold their own when they have screen time . i also found it interesting that this film was made and released the same year  hart  began portrayed sabrina  the teenage witch and this shows she can act in my genres of film and television .  br    br   although the film has dated somewhat it stills stands out as some of her best work that involves drama or thriller and i am looking forward to  nine dead  that comes out in november because it shows she can seen as other people that are not called  clarissa darling  or sabrina spellman   br    br   i recommend this film to anyone that is a fan of melissa joan hart or sabrina . you can watch this on the internet  so i suggest check it out .  
when i was flicking through the tv guide  and came across  twisted desire  on the movie section  i read it  s description . three words caught my eye  melissa joan hart  . . . i find her role in  sabrina the teenage witch  absolutely vile  i hate those kind of programs  so i was just thinking that it was going to be a boring old  love story starring her . . . little did i know .  br    br   it finally started on the television  i had my bucket ready in case i were to puke over it  s cheesiness or soppiness  you know what i mean . at first  you think she  s just a nice  ordinary girl who  s in love  but has mean parents . then when you find out she  s manipulated her boyfriend into killing her parents  so she could be with her true love  you  re like  whoa  . you just don  t expect this sort of role for that sort of actress . she played her role very well in my opinion  i never expected her to be able to act like such a bitch  and voil  she did it perfectly  congrats to her  the movie was very good  i  d definitely watch it again and recommend it to others .  
twisted desire       was a tv movie starring melissa joan hart . melissa  s character  jennifer stanton  a seventeen  year  old seduces her current boyfriend nick ryan into murdering her two parents . the movie is based on the     murders of the parents of   year old jessica wiseman . jessica had her   year old boyfriend douglas christopher thomas shoot and kill her parents  thomas was executed in      jessica was released from prison when she turned   years old . evidence now suggests that it was jessica who fired the fatal shot that killed her mother . jessica is known to now be residing somewhere in the state of virginia .  
i recently stumbled across this film on tnt five minutes into it  while on vacation in florida . . .  hey there has to be some down time in the hotel  right   i was initially surprised to see melissa joan hart in any feature length film on tnt . i mean  drive me crazy  isn  t that old already  is it   br    br   but i stuck with it  and was thoroughly surprised and entertained . melissa plays her role as the psychotic jennifer excellently . the supporting cast  nick  the ex  con boyfriend karen  her best friend and her life  controlling parents  all added a great degree of believability . the twist at the end was a nice closure to this tale of the girl who always seemed to be one step ahead of everybody .  br    br   if you get a chance  check it out   br    br    
why am i so convinced there  s actually another film version of this novel out there somewhere  i saw the film again this year as i am teaching the novel and find the changes in the film annoying  there is no appearance of the little boy in the novel and the ending has been changed . they kill him off in the film but the whole point is that he is haunted by the events at eel marsh house for many years but does remarry and eventually put the events behind him . mr . bentley is a far more sympathetic character in the novel  the scene in the film where kipps sets fire to the office is plain daft  and the constant appearance of the toy soldier to signify the presence of the child is genuinely creepy but pointless  kipps is haunted by the woman seeking revenge  not the child . i am sure i  ve seen a film which is better and closer to the novel and actually scarier . have i just imagined this   
the woman in black was a british made for tv movie which was first broadcast on the bbc on christmave eve of     and again in    . i believe it made a round on american tv on ae . it was released on vhs in britain in the early    s but went out of print . a u . s . company released it on dvd later  but that version also sold out . according to the website of the author of the book  the rights to the movie are now owned by someone else and that it won  t be released again  and that there are unofficial bootlegs being sold on ebay .  br    br   i first heard about this movie just recently on a message board and had to check it out . i found a copy on ebay for about   bucks . it  s certain to be a counterfeit from a seller in the far east  even though the dvd says   made in canada   ha ha . but it  s a good copy  and you can  t really fault the bootleg labels for releasing stuff that is rare  out of print  and lost in legal disputes .  br    br   i love the movie . it  s a period piece set in the      s  with all the very authentic and quaint british settings of that time . the woman in black is very atmospheric and dark . for the most part  the movie is very low  key  but effective and scary . there is no self indulgent gore  violence or much at all in special effects  but the woman in black is still able to create absolutely chilling moments . it  s a chilling classic styled ghost movie . the movie itself looks like it could have been made in the      s except for the color . without all the flash of all the modern horror movies  i  m afraid this film will always just be a lost gem . for me  it places itself as one of my all time favorites .  
yes  a true classic  this is what british drama is all about  realism and the minimal use of special effects  and over inflated budgets  . i last saw this drama when it was last screened on british terrestial tv in     . it truly should be viewed by everyone who likes a scary plot  no big names but non  the  less great acting . sadly the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon . i myself recently acquired the woman in black on vhs  so now once again i shall be able to enjoy this truly great british drama . you should try and enjoy it too   br    br   mark r . horobin  
the woman in black is fantastic in all aspects . it  s scary  suspenseful and so realistic that you can actually see it happening in real life . i first saw this on the tv back in      and with all the lights off and the volume turned up  it was probably the most creepy experience of my entire life . i managed to get hold of a copy  and now  i make sure to bring it out every halloween and show it too unsuspecting family members  who have no idea what they  re in for  and all i can do is laugh with glee . as for the film  br    br   it starts out with a young lawyer named arthur kipps  who is assigned by his firm to go to the market town of crythin gifford to settle the papers of a recently deceased client  mrs . alice drablow .  br    br   this film starts off as a reasonably solid and interesting ghost story . but then  arthur attends the funeral  and from that scene on  we do not feel safe . we are constantly on edge and biting our nails  and that goes on for the next hour or so  until the final  thrilling finale .  br    br   a warning to all new viewers though do not watch this alone . . .  
an hilariously accurate caricature of trying to sell a script . documentary hits all the beats  plot points  character arcs  seductions  moments of elation and disappointments and the allure but insane prospect of selling a script or getting an agent in hollywoodand all the fleeting  fantasy  realizing but ultimately empty rites of passage attendant to being socialized into  the system .  hotz and rice capture the moment of thinking you  re finally a player  only to find that what goes up comes down fast and in a blind  siding fashionthat for inexplicable reasons  hollywood has moved on and left you checking your heart  your dreams  and your pockets . pitch is a must  see for students in film school to taste the mind and ego  bashing gantlet that is  for most  the road that must be traveled to sell oneself and one  s projects in hollywood . if your teacher or guru has never been there  they can  t tell you what you need to prepare for this gantlet . to enter the  biz   talent is necessary but far from sufficient  
a young solicitor from london  arthur kidd is sent to a small coastal town of crythin gifford to oversee the estate of a recently passed away widow mrs drablow . while attending her funeral  a mysterious lady dressed in black catches his attention . supposedly drablow lived a reclusive life  and locals kept pretty quiet about her . after this he heads to mrs drablow mansion that can only be reached on a causeway through the swamp during low tide . there he encounters the woman in black again in cemetery out back of the house  and things begin to get creepy as terrifying noises start coming from the marshes . now can mrs drablow  s belongings and listening to her recorded dairy entries help kidd figure out this gloomy mystery that the locals fear to talk about .  br    br   often highly regarded amongst horror fans as being one of the most chilling ghost stories ever and i can see their point . but only in doses does it draw upon tag . yes  from what you can gather i was left a  little  under  whelmed  despite really liking it . i was expecting goose bumps throughout the whole feature  but that  s probably it expecting . mainly i had a similar reaction with the     haunted house thriller  the changeling  . when you hear so many good things  it  s sometimes hard not get caught up with it .  br    br   anyhow what the british tv presentation of  the woman in black  effectively does is bring out a truly old  fashion  slow burn spine  tingling premise driven by its moody locations  disquieting atmosphere and first  rate performances . subtly blankets the psychologically gripping story  adapted off susan hill  s novel of the same name   as the simple mystery authentically opens up with a depressingly tragic tone and successfully characterises its protagonist . little seems to happen  and can feel drawn out  but the fragile randomness of it catch you off guard . whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black . who mostly appears as a background figure  it  s ultimately creepy . she might not appear all that much  but when she does . talk about unnerving  that also goes for that downbeat conclusion . pauline moran  who plays the woman in black  competently gets us nervous by just her gaunt appearance and sudden positioning . a pale look and those minor mannerisms just seem to haunt you . she  s a spirit you don  t want to cross paths with  yet alone let her see you . an accomplished performance by a marvelously moody adrian rawlins as the solicitor arthur kidd does hold it all together . in support are solid turns by bernard hepton  david daker  clare holman and david ryall .  br    br   drawing heavy on its lushly sombre rural town and foggy coastal locations adds more to the realistically eerie plight and the centre piece were everything unfolds in the forlorn  time  worn victorian house that comprehensively suffocates the air with constant fear . director herbert wise carefully fabricates alarming imagery that slowly covers one secretive piece at a time in a smoothly paved out rhythm of well  judged contriving . instead of going out to shock us  some scenes contain a distressing intensity that won  t let go . the sound effects are masterfully used  by surrounding and disorienting the air . rachel portman  s harrowing musical score knows how to get under your skin during those eerie moments and then stay with you .  br    br   this rarity made  for  television feat is a stimulating rich and unsettling supernatural spook  fest . it might not share much new to the sub  genre  but it competently sticks to it strengths to deliver what counts in this curse .  
this is a plain old spooky ghost story . i showed it to some friends of mine in my movie club  and they were kept spellbound until the ending  no blood or gore  just good old fashioned suspense . it starts out right from the beginning  and builds and builds . the ending is a real twist that caught me unawares .  br    br   well directed and well acted . it is also a  period piece   set in the     s  which added to the atmosphere .  br    br   i was so impressed i got the book by susan hill from amazon . the movie follows the book rather closely .  br    br   it  s a shame it  s not readily available on dvd . my copy is vhs . this along with  haunted  are probably two of the best ghost stories i  ve ever scene . which just goes to show that a little creativity outdoes  in your face  gore any day   
 . . . . . . . . . . . as i was when i saw this movie  i will never watch this movie again  not because it is a bad movie  but because it scared me so much  as i said  i was   when my english teacher decided to show it to us the reason for this is that we had read an extract from the book .  br    br   all the girls in my class were terrified when the woman in black comes through the window and floats over kidd  s bed  although  just before that there is something that also frightened us  which was when kidd finds the toy soldier underneath his pillow  and he hears a child  s voice say  it  s for you  . that scene still haunts me to this day  nearly  years after i saw the film .  br    br   if you are easily scared  avoid this film          
 . . . on stage  tv or in a book   the woman in black  is an outstanding ghost story . other reviewers have already said just about all there is to say about this film  but i thought i would add my belated little review too . the made  for  tv movie has a deliberately slow first act  which chronicles the main character arthur as he goes about his business as a solicitor in     s london . i can understand why this might not appeal to all palates . nevertheless  for me  i love this british  style of storytelling similar to any of the bbc  s  ghost story for christmas  adaptations of the great m . r . james  work . in the second act  the ghost story kicks in as arthur is sent to the provinces by his boss  to tidy up the affairs of a deceased client . the third act relentlessly builds up to a spine  tingling conclusion . . . as a londoner  i have seen the play . i own the book  dvd  r and have the unabridged audio book on my ipod  too . what is sure for me   the women in black  on any medium is a ghost story with few equals . it is about time that we had a legitimate region  dvd release .  
a young solicitor in sent to a remote area to wrap up the estate of a recently deceased client . when he arrives he finds that he is made less than welcome by the local villagers and that his deceased client was not liked . to speed things up he decides to move from the local inn and take up residence in her home  a house that is usually fogbound and approached only by a causeway that is blocked off by the sea most of the day . once there he sees visions of a woman in black  is she real or imaginary  he is also subjected to the blood curdling cries of a woamn and child apparently drowning in the marshes  these events take their toll on him and he soon becomes quite terrified . atmospheric tv adaptation of a famous play by susan hill  that spends it first third building up its characters  before moving to the creepy country house  its poor colour contrast give away its tv roots immediately  this really should have been in black  white  but still as a ghost story it had a couple of unsettling moments  still though after waiting so long to see it i must say i was sadly just a little underwhelmed .  
i first watched this film when i was a kid and is the only time in my life that i can remember putting my hands over my face and eyes in utter horror at one particular scene . i remembered it again with a disscusion with my uni friends and promptly bought it on video with plenty of hesitation i might add  to my surprise i only found it on the web in the states when it was made in england   when i watched it again my reaction and to my surprise was almost the same  of sheer horror and fear and never has my heart been beating so much too . this is in my opinon the scariest film ever made  hollywood films seem tame in comparison and a bit pony and trap  crap   pardon the pun . what is amazing though is the power of this film and at uni when watching this with about twenty of my associates i have never heard so many screams  blokes as well  even the sight of the video brings the fear of god into me of that one particular scene  and left me feeling that i will never walk alone again in the dark      
there is nothing remotely scary about modern  horror  which is an insult to the word  horror  . freddie vs jason  the scream movies  cabin trash  and especially stephen king  s infantile attempts  he  s recycled every story from the monkey  s paw to whatever  often in the same story  at horror in both writing and on film  except for kubrick  s version of the shining which actually was scary  unlike king  s books which are as frightening as my big toe  the left one  which still has the nail .  br    br   but the woman in black is that rare modern film that will make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end . this is the way it should be done the director creates tension  and the scariest ghost ever actually seen simply by having her suddenly turn up standing still somewhere or other with that incredible look on her face . then he brings it all to a ghastly disturbing close . he  s learned his lessons from the masters who knew how to make horror  val lewton  original cat people  and robert wise  a val lewton disciple and director of the haunting and the body snatcher   jacques tournier  another val lewton disciple who directed a truly horrifying zombie film  not the gross rubbish raimi did  gross isn  t scary  folks  it  s just gross   and lewis allen  the uninvited   and of course jack clayton  s turn on henry james the innocents  and the way the master of suspense  hitchcock  can still bring you to the edge of your seat even with a slow  building and burning period piece like under capricorn .  br    br   ten stars . . .  
the first and only time i saw the woman in black was i think the only time to my knowledge it appeared on tv back in     . it was christmas eve and my father and i were watching it in the living room shortly before we all went to a midnight service in the village church . i was quite young at the time but i  m not sure who was more terrified walking through the church yard to the entrance of the church that night me or my father  .  br    br   there are many factors about this film that make it so creepy but i think  ne of them is the fact that there  s not much in the way of a sound track that plays in the background of nearly every hollywood movie  so every creak  thump and bang is more amplified in your head as there  s no distraction . another factor that makes it different from other ghost stories there  s no jump factor involved like things bouncing out the closet so it makes it not necessarily what you see but what you hear and what you think is going on . this is a clever medium as nothing scares you more than your own mind running riot thinking whats around the corner or behind the door   br    br   a superb ghost story  i  ve never seen anything that can match it and with all the dross thats repeated over and over on tv i cant believe the bbc has deleted it after  to my knowledge  only one showing   
how much could the general hollywood director learn from this movie  all . . . when it comes to actually scaring people . this movies truly shows that it is possible to really frighten and scare a viewer  and that monstrous monsters and long knifes never will be the best way of achieving this . all who love a real psychological thriller must see this movie . . . it is the best of it  s kind .  
i gave this film an      with some reluctance as it  s hard to praise something that so haunted and terrified me for years . the sheer menace on the woman in black  s face is just pure horror and the accompanying music just worsens the dread .  br    br   i saw this when it was first on tv when i was   and it really did disturb me for years . i  m fascinated by the fact that so many other users have said this too . so many movie reviews go on about how disturbing or terrifying a film might be but you can believe all those who have posted on this board  this really is incredibly powerful stuff . i mean i really like horror films and generally find them quite funny more often than not  but this really is menacing and will probably disturb most people . i haven  t seen it since i was   and i  m tempted to watch it again but fear i might have some sleepless nights . i can  t quite put my finger on what it is exactly  but i think it  s something to do with the fact that fear is the woman  s greatest weapon and that we  as viewers  are just as susceptible as we feel the fear so intensely . it  s remarkable that other viewers  feelings are so unanimous .  br    br   i  ve also seen the stage play  which was an excellent production . . . but nothing can compare to this .  
credited by variety to be one of the greatest documentaries to ever come out of canada . al pacino  roger ebert  neil simon  matt dillon as well as a constant slew of celebs make this film a canadian classic . the film is really best described as  roger  me  meets  the player  . watch as kenny hotz and spenny pitch their script to the big boys of hollywood . called the only american film to ever come out of canada  this film opened the toronto film festival in      winner of the  best indie film award toronto  . europe premier was at the prestigious hof film fest in germany . u . s . a . premier u . s . comedy festival aspen     . more information available at www . kennyhotz . com  
most horror movies are in fact horrible movies . they get to be same ol   same ol  . same ol  pack every minute with some cheap thrill  usually  splatter   and nowadays they can pack every second with gaudy special effects . one of the goals of a really good horror flick is to suspend the sense of disbelief of the audience . for instance  i saw both of the recent mummy movies and nearly got dizzy viewing ridiculous special effects every second . it probably costs a million dollars per second to make those movies and my sense of disbelief was never suspended  it grew roots .  br    br   subtlety can be more terrifying . less is more .  br    br   i first saw  the woman in black  on the ae channel . after flipping through the usual    channels of very bad television i stopped to watch it . this movie almost has the feel of a  masterpiece theater  production . that was fine with me  i  ve always preferred british tv  movies anyway .  br    br   most viewers would find this to be too slowly paced . but the slow pacing helps give the story credibility . the special effects are few which lulls the viewer into thinking that this film is set in the real world thus making us a bit more uneasy . the makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and believable . hollywood would have made her look like a she demon from hell with glowing eyes  fangs  claws etc . hollywood would have done an overkill and turned this idea into a mediocrity .  br    br   the woman only makes about five appearances in the film . most of them are where she appears in the distance and even that creates a good fright . if she appeared too often  it could  ve cheapened the mood that gets set . however this movie is so well made that through much of the film we  re led into sensing that she is there the whole time but not visible . the scene where she  visits  arthur kidd late at night and we see her just a little too close is a masterpiece in horror .  br    br   this is just an extraordinary film that i think should rate as one the finest horror films ever made . i have a copy of  the haunting    the changling  and a zillion more . i haven  t seen anything that tops  the woman in black  yet although i  m still looking . this movie is so well made that it gives even the most hardened skeptic  like me  a moment where i almost had second thoughts about the non  existence of ghosts . i joke to people that i occasionally get brief fears that she could appear standing in the middle of the road or that i  d see her staring through my window  etc . maybe she could be in a crowd at the mall glaring at me with her look of hate . this is how a really great horror film should be . like a lafanu novel  the woman in black very slowly pulls you in and wraps herself around your neck and before you realize it  she  s squeezing the life out of you and then it  s too late .  br    br   closest thing i have to a criticism is that this was made for the small screen . . . and it  s a terrible shame that this is out of print . i just paid over    for my second copy of this movie . it  s a major prize in my collection . now i  m on a quest to find an even better horror movie that not only gives the chills but also qualifies a sound drama .  
this film gave me nightmares for months and i  m   . this is the scariest movie ever made  that is no exaggeration   i saw this movie at school in english lessons and no one else was scared which amazed me . after reading other reviews i  m glad i  m not the only person who found this so scary    
i saw this on tv so long ago that i can  t remember when it was  but it still stands out as one of the scariest  most unnerving films i  ve ever seen . there is a simultaneously subtle but intense dread induced by the woman in black lurking at the edge of the frame  not quite clearly visible  so that you feel  like the solicitor hero   unsure whether its just imagination or not . it is also one of the few films which has really made me fearful to keep watching .  production values  be hanged  good films are about a director  s ability to create atmosphere using film  actors  locations  sets  music  attention to detail  and . . . imagination . a real gem .  
well  done ghost story that will give you the creeps and some pretty fair scares along the way . the story unfolds slowly  building atmosphere all the way until you  re ready to see the woman in black . you won  t forget her once you  ve seen her . no gore  no knives  no hockey masks   just a well  constructed story that is best viewed at night with the lights out .  
i first saw this movie here in the u . k . in december     when central tv broadcast it . i still have the video tape  although worn out  over the years many friends and family members have borrowed it and have also been chilled by it   .  br    br   anyway  i remember coming home that night  grabbing a christmas tipple  switching the lights out and watching what was advertised as a  christmas ghost story  . even now i remember certain scenes that still send the hairs on my neck standing on  end . . .  br    br   i have seen some comments on the movie which say it  s not this and not that . . . i think those people get scared by friday   th and the like  stalk and slash rammel  which are laughable . this is a  traditional  ghost story there is no big budget action or special effects . . . no swearing  no blood  no gratuitous sex scenes  no chainsaws or guns etc . . . so how refreshing     it  s atmospheric . if you like chilling horror  well written  well acted and with a genuinely scary atmosphere  this is the movie for you . i like the original horrors only last night i saw the original haunting and that is a superb movie . very atmospheric again  and so is the woman in black . the end of the movie differs to the book  but still very good . i recommend it . try it . . . you will like it if you like traditional ghost stories . . . so . . . turn off the lights  turn up the fire  lock the doors  grab a drink . . . and enjoy . . .    
i was lucky enough to watch this without any pre viewing hype . i was surprised at the resilience of the ghost  s image in my mind the next day  and the day after that . i  ve watched it    times  and each time i appreciate it even more . the settings are gorgeous  the town at dusk has beautiful lighting effects  the marsh long shots  and the house itself is sufficiently grown with moss . the main hero is so likable and good natured  that he is easily sympathized with . to the person who complained that there wasn  t enough  spark  in this film  i  d say that it  s because the whole fight against the ghost is being waged by just this one person . it is a fairly slow paced film  with an unusual amount of time being spent  pre and post ghost attack  on developing his character with family and work life . spoilers discussion   br    br   i especially liked the turning point  when he comes back to the main town and meets with the man helping him and explains about seeing the ghost . he describes the woman in black  and then at the end of the conversation he says that he is going back  because after all  what harm had she done to him  the other man says   you can  t go back . . . alone   and lends the hero his dog . the cute little dog offers a small respite of comic relief  with it  s bounding through the house and even into the locked room .  br    br   the many casual appearances of the ghost really freaked me out . the woman shows up in mid shot at the church  showing that it is not afraid of the church  and is also not shy or bound to the house . this is all in the very beginning . another unbelievably memorable scene was with the kids outside of the church fence  watching the funeral . as the camera pans to the right  the woman is seen in the background among the gravestones . the older man won  t even look at it  but the kids are all yelling and taunting it . crreeepy . . . usually ghosts are hidden in shadows  haunting specific locales or people . as has been mentioned  the ghost  s malevolence and wrath are frightening  and i feel it  s attacks and the ending were perfect and fully justified . the ending underlined the fact that the hero made a major mistake by going back to the house . or perhaps he was marked no matter what  by saving the gypsy girl . the guy who plays the hotel manager is so believable  and really fills the role well . i have been spreading the word to my friends about how much i enjoyed this film  and it is reassuring to see others feel the same . i can see how people don  t quite see the same masterpiece  especially if they went into it with a lot of review hype .  br    br   i think another person summed it up when they said that this movie settled the question of whether or not ghosts could physically harm man . whew . . i plan to watch it again tonight followed by the changeling  aaww yeah . any other films to recommend   br    br   thanks   
whilst i have loved haunted house movies such as amityville and poltergeist  this made for tv adaption of susan hills book packs a huge punch on the horrors of hollywood .  br    br   with a brilliant cast  many of which star in heartbeat and other tv dramas   great acting  and fantastic setting  which portrays      s life convincingly   it has all the right ingredients to entice the viewer into what is a powerful ghost story .  br    br   herbert wise did not need blood  violence  or gore to send chills down the spines of an audience . using your own imagination  the woman in black is a figure of fear and dread  and whose presence is never absent once she first appears .  br    br   the main character arthur kidd  a solicitor  learns about his unseen spectre on his mission to settle the estate . the widow dies and arthur spends few nights inside her dreary home in which he notices many oddities  which may haunt him for some days . some of the scenes are very unsettling and claustrophobic  particularly the locked room which opens itself  which turns the generator off and closes arthur in darkness . the film becomes more harrowing the more you put yourself in arthurs shoes  and his efforts to shake this ghost off . the writer puts many chilling additions into the story  an example being the tin soldier  s re  appearance . one is eager to learn the meaning of it all . the fact we never really learn that much about the widow  leaves more to the imagination and makes it all the more unsettling .  br    br   the widow for the most part  looks vicious and intimidating . the scene after winding the generator sent the chills down me  a woman who appears out of nowhere on isolated marshy land with a howling wind  having been on such properties myself i can appreciate how isolating this is . and the scene in the inn was perhaps the most horrible things i  ve seen  one i don  t wish to watch in a hurry or show to elderly relatives . i have often woken up at night thinking she was behind me in my sleep .  br    br   the woman in black is a great tv movie and a lost gem . i agree to some extent the internet hype for this film has been totally overblown and can see why people were disappointed after spending the best of    on it  but i think the net has defeated hidden gems because it makes films like these over  exposed . i think it  s still brilliant and fantastically acted and i consider it the greatest ghost story of the last century .  
i saw this film on television years ago  but here several years after  i wake up in the morning  and still remember her face .  br    br   this film is the most profoundly terrifying film i have seen .  
spectacular horror movie that will give you the chills once you get settled with it . the atmosphere is very creepy and stylish  the score is chilling  but the best about the movie is it  s performances . it  s rare to get scared by performances and this movie  s solid acting plays an important part in the scare factor .  br    br   the story is very interesting and gets your attention since the first minutes . though the woman in black does not have much screen time  she makes the necessary appearances to chill the audience in some brilliant scenes . the dialogs are very descriptive and make your imagination work and that  s when it becomes really scary .  br    br   if you have the chance  watch this on theater it  s a totally different experience but as scary as this movie .  br    br   this is one of the best ghost movies ever and it  s directed for people that want to get scared .  
i love ghost stories in general  but i particularly love chilly  atmospheric and elegantly creepy british period  style ghost stories . this one qualifies on all counts . a naive young lawyer   solicitor  in britspeak  is sent to a small village near the seaside to settle an elderly  deceased woman  s estate . it  s the     s  a time when many middle  class brits go to the seaside on vacation for  their health .  well  guess what  there  s nothing  healthy  about the village of crythin gifford  the creepy site of the elderly woman  s hulking  brooding victorian estate  which is located on the fringes of a fog  swathed salt marsh . when the lawyer saves the life of a small girl  none of the locals will help the endangered tot   you find out why later on in the film   he inadvertently incurs the wrath of a malevolent spirit  the woman in black . she is no filmy  gauzy wraith  but a solid black silhouette of malice and evil . the viewer only sees her a few times  but you feel her malevolent presence in every frame . as the camera creeps up on the lawyer while he  s reading through legal papers  you expect to see the woman in black at any moment . when the lawyer goes out to the generator shed to turn on the electricity for the creepy old house  the camera snakes in on him and you think she  ll pop up there  too . waiting for the woman in black to show up is nail  bitingly suspenseful . we  ve seen many elements of this story before  the locked room that no one enters  the fog  the naive outsider who ignores the locals  warnings  but the director somehow manages to combine them all into a completely new  seeming and compelling ghost story . watch it with a buddy so you can have someone warm to grab onto while waiting for the woman in black . . .  
this film is exactly what its title describes   an attempt to get you to buy into what the writers have to offer .  br    br   first  it  s kinda fun to see the      style toronto i remember with all its silly haircuts  sunglasses  clothes  and attitude . it really hasn  t changed any just a nice  safe  cheap  provincial little urban backwater that makes a great meeting place for international film types  it  s also amusing to see kenny and spenny head to l . a . and find out that it  s toronto all over again  only with a strange assortment of beach bums  musicians  fortune tellers  and yet more uppity film types .  br    br   i don  t see pitch as a film to be enjoyed it  s not entertainment unless the viewer enjoys watching someone  s aspirations being trampled . i take pitch as a warning that power and money is really held by studio execs and production houses . would  be  and  successful   writers  musicians  and actors are still mere transients even when they reach the big time .  br    br   so  kenny and spenny are trying to sell you a warning . buy it or don  t  but the message is still there .  
i really miss the production of good old fashion spooky films . if ismail merchant and james ivory had been given the task of producing such a film it may have been this one  save for the lack of an internationally known  top drawer cast . this is one of those films that you watch alone on a dark evening with a pizza and some popcorn  and you don  t even bother doing the dishes until morning because you just want to hide under the covers . bravo to director herbert wise  writers susan hill and nigel kneale  top production design by jon bunker  art direction by john ralph and an excellent cast for making me shudder and feel so isolated even though i  m living in one of the most populated cities in the world in the beginning of the   st century . i gave it a    out of     because with the production and budget constraints of television  they really pulled of a great show .  
every once in a while in the wonderful world of horror  diamonds are crafted  and one becomes completely awestruck by its sheer brilliance . this is no less than a diamond   this is a film brimful of eeriness  chilling anticipation  and dark atmosphere  and i think it  s safe to say  one of my favourite horror films of all time  and of course it contains probably the single most  flat out scary sequence in the whole of history of horror  every time i see the film  and it gets up to the point where you know the inevitably will happen  i try to remember exactly when i will be frightened out of my wits  but it never fails to happen i never get it right  and i find myself as terrorized as the first time i saw it   now  it must be said  to scare a jaded horror fan like that  that is nothing short of pure perfection . unlike the americans  the brits know their subtleties  they take pride in the art of acting  they do not need any special effect in order to convey atmosphere  they rely on the power of the potent story  and the creepiness  in this case  of suggestion and anticipation . every single element is impeccable  from the set pieces  the acting  the story  to the menacing atmosphere . pauline moran surely could make the devil whimper  that  s for sure   as an end note  if you for some demented reason don  t like this piece of insanity  then you honestly don  t know what horror is all about  and frankly do not deserve to know it either . thank you   
this film has been scaring me since the first day i saw it .  br    br   my mum had watched it when it was on the telly back in    . i remember being woken up in the middle of the night by her tearful ramblings as my dad helped her up the stairs .  br    br   she was saying something like  don  t let her get me  or something like that . i asked what had made her so upset and she told me that she  d been watching the woman in black .  br    br   so obviously i had to watch it and even though i was only eleven she let me . it scared the s out of me . i  ve been immune to horror films since watching this   
the woman in black       is a tv adaptation of susan hill  s modern classic ghost story  published only a few years earlier than the film was made . sadly  this film has not been released on dvd  and as far as i am aware it has been deleted on vhs . it  s availability is in direct contrast to it  s popularity amongst those in the know about horror films . the story revolves around events in a seaside community in the early   th century where a young solicitor is sent by his firm to conclude the affairs of a recently deceased widow  who died on her isolated marshland estate . what he thought would be a routine and probably tedious task turns into a nightmare as he discovers that the old woman was haunted to her death  and that the ghosts of her past are not content to rest . the story is told in a subtle but concise way  never being self  indulgent  flashy or over  expositional . the obviously tight budget may have contributed to the no  nonsense approach  but it  s just what the story needs  and why it works so well . it  s what you don  t see that scares . having said that  there is one particularly terrifying scene that relies on the visual  and it works to perfection . i watched this film during the day  and it still gave me nightmares nearly a week later . if you love being terrified  do what you must to get hold of and watch a copy of the woman in black .  
  the woman in black  is easily one of the creepiest british ghost stories ever made . a young solicitor  after arriving in a small town to handle a dead client  s estate  is haunted by a mysterious woman dressed all in black . the film is loaded with extremely eerie atmosphere and the frights are calculated for and deliver the maximum effect possible . the action keeps the viewer deeply involved and the finale is quite disturbing . the acting is excellent and the tension is almost unbearable at times . so if you want to see a truly creepy horror film give this one a look . i dare anyone to watch  the woman in black  alone at night with the lights off . highly recommended .   out of   .  
  insignificance  is a far from great film  from a stage play  directed by nic roeg . in the scheme of roeg  s films  this is above the level of most of his post   don  t look now  work  which is characterised by judicious use of theresa russell as lead actress . she  s actually very good here  and far from the problem in other roeg films like  bad timing  and  cold heaven  . as the  actress   who is marilyn monroe  russell is very effective  portraying her as a thoroughly depressive  but likeable siren . she plays well alongside michael emil as einstein  who is excellent to say the least . he looks the part admirably  and while theresa russell doesn  t look exactly like monroe  she certainly is attractive enough to make the part ring true . other players are adequate if not quite as arresting as emil and russell are . a pretty workable  intelligent script is directed well by roeg  but certainly not brilliantly  like  walkabout  or  performance  . as in other later roeg films  he tends to rely too much on vague  insubstantial flashbacks  that add very little to the film . in many ways the film would have worked better as a shorter  say    minutes   more modest piece . still  a quite acceptable  passable film . at times quite excellent  but somewhat lacking overall . rating         
it is not known whether marilyn monroe ever met and spoke with albert einstein  and since the mysterious disappearance of her diary after her equally mysterious death  we may never know   but in their lifetime the opportunity was there .  br    br   scripted by terry johnson from his own play  nicolas roeg  s insignificance imagines an encounter in a new york hotel room one night in     between the two icons plus joe dimaggio  busey   and senator joseph mccarthy  curtis   but only on one level . on another level  it elevates  or reduces  these  personalities   and what a lousy phrase that is  to mere avatars  the characters are deliberately unnamed   at once greater and lesser in status .  br    br   the title insignificance is both apposite and deeply ironic here  dimaggio  s net worth has been reduced to little more than a picture on a bubblegum card . monroe too is reduced to her constituent parts of dress  hair  lipstick  wiggle and voice . by uncovering their insecurities and reversing their roles  the film brings into sharp focus received notions of celebrity  exploding the cult of personality .  br    br   furthering the theme  there will be another explosion at the film  s climax hiroshima in a hotel suite  in which  the actress  is burned to a cinder in seconds a literal deconstruction of fame . goodbye  norma jean . history informs the script  which in turn  shakes history upside down . as roeg mused after watching johnson  s play for the first time   these characters were mythic  not invented by any single person  not the public or the press  probably not even by the characters themselves .  as played by theresa russell  marilyn  a closet intellectual in real life   lectures a childlike einstein   the professor   played by emil  on the theory of relativity using balloons and a flashlight  while getting the professor to show off his legs  in conscious parody of her own role in the seven  year itch  the movie the actress is seen to be working on in the film  s opening .  br    br   history records that monroe  s then  husband  fading baseball star dimaggio  played by busey as a tenderly psychotic simpleton   was unhappy about her iconic dress  splaying scene in the film  precipitating their break  up . right on cue  we discover the jealous  ballplayer  in a bar  bemoaning the fact that if   i want to see her underwear  i just walk down to the corner like all the other guys  .  br    br   in contrast to the professor  the ballplayer believes the universe is round  a contention shared by native americans . but the big chief  sampson  of one flew over the cuckoo  s nest fame  who operates the roosevelt hotel  s elevator has been all but disenfranchised from his own culture  i no longer cherokee  i watch tv .  meanwhile   the senator  is investigating the professor  who is on the eve of delivering a pacifist speech to the united nations  but whom the senator suspects is a red . in fact  as he divulges to monroe  einstein is wracked with guilt over hiroshima  and what the white heat future holds . yet in a seemingly godless universe  all such worries and aspirations are rendered insignificant in the light of a higher  atomic  power .  br    br   roeg really is the perfect director to bring johnson  s stage play to the screen . throughout  tortured childhood flashbacks and pessimistic flash  forwards  ka  boom   draw unexpected connections between time  place and circumstance  with the repeated visual motif of a wristwatch employed to mark time  s passing  but perhaps also to suggest all time is one time each moment co  existing . as evinced by his back catalogue  it  s something of a hobbyhorse for a director enchanted with the notion of synchronicity  see don  t look now in particular . here      bleeds into     and drip  feeds into the     s  a period in which another  actor  has taken on his greatest role as the president of the united states .  br    br   if all this sounds rather heavy going  quantum physics is surely involved   the execution is anything but  owing to johnson  s witty  zippy screenplay  roeg  s playful direction  opening out an essentially stagey set  up  and the cast themselves  who are on stellar form . tony curtis especially leaves denture marks in the wood panelling as the paranoid  impotent senator  who is seen attempting congress with a monroe impersonator  a real one  as opposed to russell  s   before being let down by his dwindling member .  br    br   of course  curtis once co  starred with the real marilyn monroe in some like it hot  and whose embrace he memorably described as like  kissing hitler  . as roeg commented   everything suddenly seemed connected . . . when the film began to take shape even the actors themselves seemed part of this endless linking .  it all goes into the pot  to be boiled down and served up in new and fascinating ways .  
new york      . one hot night  four famous iconic figures will come together . the professor  albert einstein  has come to ny to give a speech  which he has  the senator  joesph maccarthy  on his back . later that night his gets a surprise visitor a famous actress  marilyn monroe  . who actually wants to discuss the theories of relativity . soon her ball  playing husband  joe dimaggio  turns up at the hotel room  begging to work things out for their crumbling relationship . flashbacks of childhood  important events  perceived consequences of their actions creep in to show how these individuals cope with despair and a hidden fear waiting to break out .  br    br   now that  s one  of  a  kind  adapted off a stage  play by terry johnson  who would also script the screenplay for the film    insignificance  is an odd  quirky  seductive and downright curious fictional pop  culture gimmick in the hands of director nicolas roeg . this inspired and cerebral experimental effort might be rooted in its stage  play origins  because it does feel theatrical and most of the action occurs in a hotel backdrop and one main suite . the cramp look only enhanced the moody and smoky atmosphere of new york to great effect . however these limitations can  t contain the fruitful and daring ideas that roeg manages to randomly storm up visually and through the meaningful material . the way he reflects on the characters   who are suggestively famous figures  without the need of naming of them  philosophical journeys and interpretations of their notions is stimulating in a spiritual sense  with the memories gelling into the present and visions showing their fears of realisations  which depending on what you  re seeing is either beautiful  or hauntingly implemented . there  s plenty of food for thought and hints within the verbosely innovative  if sometimes awkward  script  with the main focus concerning the present situation  but the flashbacks gives us the personal make  up  sex  power  enlightenment and glory  of what makes them who they are and how much of a burden it can be in there already demanding lives . sure the story might not lead to anything by the end  and it can feel disjointed  but the dreamy vibe and intelligent arrangement irons out those folds and makes sure it never turns giddy . peter hannan  s sensually fluid photography and stanley myers  titillatingly oozing blues soundtrack fit in snugly with roeg  s stylistically subdue and established style of directing . he makes it look like he  s working with something big and large  scale  but otherwise that  s not the case and a small little universe is created . the vintage costumes and locations of the period all come off fittingly enough . what made the film for me had to be the impressive acting it boasted from the main four . theresa russell  s perky  drop dead gorgeous appeal of the sexy pin  up actress is a growing portrayal that definitely held the film together along with an genuinely excellent and endearing performance by michael emil as the professor . tony curtis marvellously plays it up as witch  hunting senator and gary busey is suitably good in the stoically gravel manner as the ballplayer . showing up in minor  but amusing support roles happen to be will sampson and patrick kilpatrick .  br    br   a memorably striking  fresh and tour de force meditation piece of metaphysics linked together by four different extremes . some might find it pretentiously estrange and too talky  but this one had me wrapped up in its own little unique world to worry too much about its shortcomings .  
if you have any sort of appreciation for character and dialogue  and any sense of american cultural history  you will find a lot of very absorbing material in this film . it probably was originally a play  and that  s why it  s dialogue heavy  but i can  t stress enough how these icons that we only have a shallow understand of are made into truly complex and wonderful characters .  br    br   this film is better than any college course for telling you how to create a character  driven story .  br    br    
yes  it  s flawed  especially if you  re into hollywood films that demand a lot of effects  a purely entertaining or fantasy story or plot  and you can  t actually think for yourself .  br    br   roeg  s films are for the intelligent film  goer  and insignificance is a perfect example .  br    br   the characterizations are brilliant  the story is excellent  but  like all nic roeg  s films  it has you thinking on every level about aspects of reality that would never have dawned on you before . his films always make you think  and personally  i like that in a film .  br    br   so don  t expect to come away from watching this film and feeling all happy  happy  because it  s likely you  ll be disappointed .  br    br   but i think it  s excellent .  
this movie is great  the music  with the exception of the very first song in the movie  was awesome . the story line is awesome too  it  s just basically a wonderfull movie  for all ages . i found the last battle scene awesome  basically this was a great flick   
i have always been a great admirer of nicolas roeg and  walkabout  is one of my favorite films . this is a film version of roegs stage play and while most of the film takes place in a hotel room it still has some of roegs cinematic flare . very unique story is about a famous actress  theresa russell  who after a hard nights work on a film in     goes to a hotel to visit a famous professor  michael emil  and together in his hotel room they talk . after awhile she wants to go to bed with him but as they start to get undressed her husband is banging on the door . her husband is a famous ex  baseball player  gary busey  and he wants to know what is going on . the three of them in the hotel room talk about what is going on and what the future holds for them . meanwhile  a famous senator  tony curtis  is threatening to take away the professors papers if he doesn  t testify at a hearing . theresa russell is just excellent and while she  s not trying exactly to impersonate marilyn monroe she does a wonderful job of exuding the phobia  s and nuances that monroe is very well known for . one thing the film does is show her as not only a woman on the verge of a mental breakdown but show her as a physical wreck as well . she talks of being unable to have children and at one point in the film she suffers a miscarriage . you can make an excellent case that this is russell  s best performance and i probably wouldn  t argue . the film does an interesting thing in showing many flashbacks as the characters continue to talk about one thing and in the flashback we see one of many reasons for their actions . busey also gives a good solid performance and it reminds me of what a strong persona he gives off on screen . emil as the professor is a character that has many more things on his mind then we originally thought . the last scene in this film is a demonstration of his darker side  one of the highlights of the film for me is the little conversation he has with the elevator man  will sampson of  cuckoo  s nest   and they discuss what cherokee indians think about at all times . but of course the famous scene in this film is where russell demonstrates to emil how she does understand the theory of relativity and uses toys to show this . the professor is delighted by her demonstration and so are we  russell and roeg are married in real life and they do admirable work when they are in collaboration and this is probably their best film together . good performances and a very interesting job of directing make this a challenging and visually thought provoking film .  
nicolas roeg  s projects are variable to say the least  but are never less than interesting .  insignificance  is obviously  first and foremost  an adapted stageplay it  s wordy and pretty  much  room  bound  . but  it pays to view this film more than once the underlying themes are not overtly presented and  what  s more  it takes a while to adjust to the juxtaposition and role  reversals of the four protagonists einstein  mccarthy  munroe  and dimaggio .  br    br   einstein is wracked by guilt over hiroshima yet fancies the simplicity of a sexual liaison with munro munro is sick of being seen as a bimbo and craves intellectual credence senator mccarthy is at the height of his witch  hunting powers but is an impotent sleazebag dimaggio is insecure about his celebrity  self  obsessed  and prone to violence . each of them contains the seeds of their own destruction . each character has a troubled  abused  abusive past and a questionable future . gradually  we see that obsession itself is the central theme . america  s obsession with its postwar cultural icons and mores the obsessions of the protagonists for something none can have peace  of  mind and  or happiness .  br    br   compared with the theory of relativity  a proposed unified  field theory and  indeed  the cosmos itself  all the aspirations and interactions of roeg  s protagonists seem insignificant . yet these aspects of the physical universe  it  s all quantum  trust me   affect us when they are applied to the development of the means to destroy us . monroe  s mention of the principle behind the neutron  bomb  without naming it as such  is not an anachronism per se  but can only be understood by a contemporary audience . indeed  all the references within the script are only accessible to a knowledgeable viewer one au fait with    s occurrences  personality cults and how they affect us in the   st century .  br    br   this film and its screenplay are either very  very clever  or extremely opaque and pretentious . ultimately  however  probably insignificant .  br    br   live long and prosper    br    br    
what if marylin monroe  albert einstein  joe dimaggio and senator mccarthy were to come together in a mind  bending evening of relativity   br    br   this delightful roman  clef never uses the actual names of the characters it so thinly veils and scathingly exposes not only for the individuals they must have been  but also for what they came to represent over time . if you are confused by allegory  or if you like your movies served up predigested and mushy  you won  t like this film . it is a demanding opus that rewards on many levels the viewer with the intelligence to appreciate it .  br    br   dropping  for the time being  the rigorous avoidance of using the real names of the characters  we see einstein  about to deliver a pacifist speech to a united nations hell  bent for nukes  being visited by marylin monroe  after filming the notorious seven year itch scene that some say led to the end of her marriage with joe dimaggio . they have a lovely interplay in which einstein stumbles with suitable professorial clumsiness around the innocence of perhaps the greatest sex symbol of modern times .  br    br   enter senator mccarthy who thinks einstein is a red . he is determined to extract einstein  s assurance that he will support the activities of the house unamerican activities committee while delivering the ultimate weapon in the name of peace . add joe  a surprisingly fragile and vulnerable person perhaps not perfectly cast as gary busey  who hates marylin  s exhibitionism and believes einstein has become her lover  even though marylin only wants to show einstein that she understands the special theory of relativity .  br    br   but there  s more .  br    br   just like each of us  these characters have their deepest fears  which they reveal one by one in haunting flashbacks . it is these weaknesses  ultimately  that lend humanity to figures we cannot help but see almost exclusively in the abstract today . finally  we see the shocking terror of einstein  s vision  and the statement of the movie becomes clear . it is a powerful and memorable moment .  br    br   insignificance is one of my top five movies of all time . it is utterly amazing .  
a lovely little b picture with all the usual joe lewis touches . . . . people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear . also  alas  an ending that comes out of nowhere  because  apparently  the auteur has lost interest in the movie  or perhaps because as a b picture it has to fit into a slot .  
joseph h . lewis was one of the finest directors of film noir . this is surely his best .  br    br   it doesn  t have some of the standard features of what we now call film noir . though american  made  it is set entirely in england . it lacks gangsters . it lacks a femme fatale . it does not lack crime .  br    br   the title character answers an ad . she is overjoyed that she  ll be making some money as a secretary . instead  she wakes up days later as the pawn in a frightening plot . only a very strong person could survive such a terrifyingly unsettling ordeal . and nina foch gives the sense of a strong woman as julia .  br    br   part of the excitement comes from casting against type ms . foch has an elegant manner . she is no screaming  cowering victim . she is actually a bit icy and patrician  albeit impecunious . this makes her character  s plight all the more believable .  br    br   surely the single most fascinating element is the casting of dame may witty . she was  and is  probably most famous for the charming title character in  the lady vanishes .  she has a sweet manner and a harmless  slightly dithering manner . but here she is far from a heroine .  br    br   george macready is excellent as her extremely troubled son . the whole cast  in fact  is superb .  br    br   it seems that this famous and brilliant movie was made almost by accident . undoubtedly the director knew exactly what he was doing . but he did it on a low budget . that is the thrill and charm of film noir  the real film noir it is small  convincingly lowlife  and  in this case  unforgettable .  
nina foch insists that  my name is julia ross  in this     film noir also starring dame may witty and george macready . it  s short  and because it is  the film suffers . it could have stood to have been a good fifteen minutes to a half hour longer .  br    br   when i was growing up  foch was a fixture on television  playing a neurotic woman  the wife with the cheating husband  the nervous wreck . she became one of the great acting teachers in los angeles . here  she  s a pretty young ingenue playing the title role . julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by mrs . hughes and her son ralph . little does she know  though we learn immediately  that the employment agent is a front  set up to get just the right woman for this assignment  a woman with no family and no boyfriend .  br    br   it  s a live  in situation once julia gets to the house  she  s drugged  and when she wakes up  she  s told she  s mrs . hughes and not allowed to leave .  br    br   the acting is very good . low budget but still entertaining  some things  particularly at the end  happen way too quickly  which is why i said the movie is too short . nevertheless  i recommend it .  
this was a typical grade b movie in     s hollywood and yet it succeeded way beyond its expectations . why  it has a wonderful plot and backed up by nina foch  george macready and dame may witty  as a female villain  of all people .  br    br   when a young lady answers an advertisement for a secretary  she certainly gets more than she bargained for . the only talents her employers are seeking are those which will lead to her demise . seems that witty and macready want to pass her off as their daughter  in  law and wife  respectively . macready killed his real wife and wants to do foch in as well so that a body can be claimed .  br    br   the film deals with how foch tries to get town people to believe her and how she is thwarted in practically everything she does . why don  t people believe her   
greatly enjoyed this     mystery thriller film about a young woman  nina foch   julia ross  who is out of work and has fallen behind in her rent and is desperate to find work . julia reads an ad in the local london newspaper looking for a secretary and rushes out to try and obtain this position . julia obtains the position and is hired by a mrs . hughes   dame may witty  who requires that she lives with her employer in her home and wants her to have no involvement with men friends and julia tells them she has no family and is free to devote her entire time to this job . george macready   ralph hughes  is the son of mrs . hughes and has some very strange desires for playing around with knives . this was a low budget film and most of the scenes were close ups in order to avoid the expense of a background and costs for scenery . this strange family all live in a huge mansion off the cornwall coast of england and there is secret doors and plenty of suspense .  
my name is julia ross is a mesmerizing     b thriller from joseph h . lewis  arguably one of the very finest directors of hollywood noir films . this   minute gothic oddity from columbia pictures came after lewis  lengthy apprenticeship as the helmer of a string of poverty row westerns  east side kids comedies  horror melodramas  including the incredibly bizarre bela lugosi shocker the invisible ghost  and standard studio b product  secrets of a co  ed  bombs over burma  the falcon in san francisco  etc     all of which set the stage rather nicely for what was to come from the enormously talented and inventive mr . lewis . my name is julia ross  as well as so dark the night from the following year  introduced a director who had mastered the rare and delicate art telling a dark and probing tale swiftly and efficiently on the most modest of budgets . later lewis productions like gun crazy       and the big combo        despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure  continued to rely upon deft  lucid camera work and effective low  key lighting . and very modest resources .  br    br   my name is julia ross probably owes more to the tradition of british mysteries  it  s set in a studio  bound england  than it does to conventional film noir attitudes and trappings . a young woman  nina foch  agrees to take a position in the home of an elderly woman  dame mae witty  . two days after her arrival she awakens from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and  mysteriously enough  with a brand new identity    that of the old woman  s daughter  in  law . told that she  s been the victim of a nervous breakdown  she struggles to grasp the utter and seemingly hopeless nature of her predicament . but before long she begins to piece together the strange and troubling truth behind this dark mystery  that her  husband   the always menacing george macready  most probably murdered his real wife and that she  s been duped into participating in a harrowing and sinister scheme . much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest tale are the indelible touches that lewis brings to the production  marking it as the first of his truly serious endeavors as a film director .  
for those who think of dame may witty as the kindly  slightly batty  old lady from hitchcock  s the lady vanishes  this movie requires an adjustment . here  she  s anything but kindly or batty . instead  her son  george macready is the loony one . just don  t give him a knife  otherwise his eyes light up and no furniture cushion in the house is safe . now we know what he has in mind for the trapped nina foch if he can just get out from under mother  s domineering hand .  br    br   really tight little woman  in  danger film that keeps the suspense on high throughout . the script never strays from foch  s dilemma . she  s held prisoner in a big old gothic house on the edge of an angry sea . they  re going to kill her  but why . her predicament makes no sense . the tension mounts as she tries one escape ploy after another  but even strangers seem against her . we begin to feel her helplessness and mounting paranoia as the world turns away from her .  br    br   director joseph h . lewis took a big step toward cult status with this film and understandably so . then too  watch foch run subtly through a gamut of emotions without once going over the top . witty too shines as a really intimidating matriarch who knows what she wants and how to get it if she can just keep her wacko son in line . my one reservation is the climax which seems too contrived considering the timing of the events . nonetheless  it  s a good  nerve  wracking way to spend a little over an hour  courtesy columbia studios .  
still love it   or so years after the first time i saw it  in fact i discovered that i had lost my copy of this and was very upset . despite it  s non  association with the original  which as a kid i never noticed and as an adult i don  t care about   this is what cartoons should be like . just dark enough to be interesting and light enough to be enjoyed by everyone . i  m more than glad that my parents raised me on this kind of thing rather than the cartoons we see today that teach our kids nothing . the music is great  and gets stuck in your head forever . . . i have downloaded the entire soundtrack at one point or another .  
julia ross  nina foch  agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her . almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family  s estate in cornwall . when she awakens they keep telling her she  s marion hughes  has been mentally ill and keep her locked up . . . but why  you  ll probably guess why but won  t mind because this one is fun .  br    br   along with  the narrow margin  and  face behind the mask  this is one of the best b pictures ever made .  b pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars  . it  s just as long as it needs to be  only   minutes   is well  directed  fast paced and exciting . it only stumbles at the end which i found a bit too implausible to buy .  br    br   foch  a good actress  is just ok in the lead but dame may witty is great and george macready is excellent  and frightening  as the villains . well worth catching . a perfect example of how you can make a great movie on a small budget .  
nina foch delivers a surprisingly strong performance as the title character in this fun little gothic nail  biter . she accepts a position as secretary to a london society dowager  played imperiously by dame may witty  and her creepy son  the effete and bothersome george macready  . before she knows it  she awakens to find herself in a seaside manor she  s never seen before  where witty and macready are calling her marian and trying to convince the servants and the nearby townspeople that she  s macready  s mad wife . of course this pair can only be planning dastardly deeds  and even though we know julia has to eventually escape her trap  director joseph lewis builds real suspense in answering the question of just how she  ll manage it .  br    br    my name is julia ross  has nothing stylistically to set it apart from any number of films that came out at the same time period  but i was surprised by how well it held together despite its shoe  string budget and b  movie pedigree . there are quite a few moments that just may have you on the edge of your seat  and i found myself really rooting for julia as she caught on to the scheme underfoot and began to outsmart her captors . in any other gothic thriller  the heroine would have swooned  screamed and dithered  waiting for her hero to come and save her . so i can  t tell you how refreshing it was to have the heroine in this film use her brain and figure out how to save herself .  br    br   well done .  br    br   grade b  
having watched this film strictly on the strength of reviewers  ratings i was most pleasantly surprised . although clearly low  budget  it bears the signs of clever ingenuity . for example  when julia wakes in the strange house and looks out the window i found myself thinking that her sense of isolation would be enhanced with an exterior shot focused on her face and then moving backwards to include the house and its isolated location . and lo and behold  the next scene was exactly that last shot of the house standing lonely on the cliff at the water  s edge . there are other examples of how a clever director can elevate his film to the level of a very enjoyable thriller . savvy viewers will surely spot them but should rest assured they will not be disappointed .  br    br   as to the performances  george macready is his usual creepy self  barely maintaining his composure while suggesting a capacity for unadulterated violence . nina foch was surprisingly good as the no  nonsense working girl who  s not about to submit without a fight . but dame may witty  oh boy  she even had me doubting my own eyes and believing she could get away with her evil schemes .  br    br   this a real diamond in the rough and not to be missed .  
second  feature concerns a young woman in london desperate for a job  happy to accept live  in secretarial position with an elderly woman and her son . thrillers about people being held in a house against their will always make me a little uneasy   i end up feeling like a prisoner too   but this rather classy b  film is neither lurid nor claustrophobic . it  s far  fetched and unlikely  but not uninteresting  and our heroine  nina foch  is quick on her feet . rehashing this in      as  dead of winter   proved not to be wise  as the plot  elements are not of the modern  day .  julia ross  is extremely compact  too short at   minutes   but it stays the course nicely until a too  rushed climax  which feels a little sloppy .  from   
a toothsome little potboiler whose    minute length doesn  t seem a second too short  my name is julia ross harks back to an english tradition of things not being what they seem   hitchcock  s the lady vanishes is one example . out  of  work julia ross  nina foch  finds a dream job at a new employment agency in london  whose sinister representative seems very anxious to ascertain if she has living relatives or a boyfriend . after reporting to duty  she wakes up  having been drugged  in a vast manderley  like pile on the cornish coast  supposedly as the barmy  in  the  crumpet wife of george macready  who displays an alarming interest in knives and ice picks . his doting  enabling mum is the irresistible dame may whitty  this time a model of bustling efficiency on the other side of good  vs  evil than she occupied in the lady vanishes  . the nightmare vision of this tale unfolds claustrophobically we know what  s going on but are powerless to tell poor julia . this movie  curiously  is regularly accorded a place of honor as one of the earliest  and very few british  films noirs . i think it  s closer to the gothic old  dark  house tradition than the american one of wet cobblestones and urban corruption it does  however  evince a more modern  psychoanalytic cast of mind . whatever you call it  it remains a sharply satisfying thriller .  
shirley maclaine in another tailor  made role . as the aunt to a single mom in a     working  class chicago neighborhood  the veteran character actress gets another work  out as a gutsy woman who won  t let any set  backs defeat her spirit of success . the children  a pre  teen boy and girl  are drawn to their spirited aunt zoe  although the many magic tricks and practical jokes learned from her  and applied at all the wrong opportunities eventually get them expelled from school .  br    br   the plot is cleverly enveloped in the cuban missile crisis  with all of the social implications . men building bomb shelters  people watching news programs on what seemed to be the only tv set  at a diner  and a general mist of uneasiness and fear in the air . when a  harmless  miracle is blown out of proportions  the climactic conclusion nonetheless makes the viewer feel good . yes  virginia  the sun will come up tomorrow  clearly a small  budget production  this is still a sweet little film  filled with the magic that sunday matinees were made of . with a few choice  oldies  thrown into an effective sound track  the whole family is sure to enjoy this one .   
wonderful family drama  comedy starring macclaine and garr that entertains and warms the heart every time i see it . strongly recommended for all ages from  year olds to grannies . lovely period piece capturing     . the story encompasses the struggling garr  her two children and aunt zena  macclaine  trying to make ends meet without a man as head of the household . the  family  heads west to take the inheritance of a long forgotten relative that has left garr a run down  ramshackle road side cafe right out of the late      s . the tenacious garr  as the sweet but determined mom  gets the whole family into the restoration and opening of the cafe . but wait . . . . . . aunt zena is an old circus performer with card tricks  magic powders and a jesters sense of humor . . . . . . she loves to get the kids and her into silly and sometimes dangerous games . . . . . what happens next is a delightful combination of  miracle at lords  thrown together with the cuban missile crises  with authentic tv news from the real event  and a  ghost  prank that gets totally out of hand . this film entertains  philosophizes  questions religiosity and gives an unnerving glimpse of the frightening scare of october      s cuban missile crises . in the end one is left with the wonder of faith  family and rediscovered love . oh  and the music from the era of the early    s is just great   br    br   recommend strongly as a feel good film   out    
i took a chance on  hardcastle and mccormick  by purchasing the first season  s worth  canadian release  from amazon . when i got it  i started with the pilot  and i was instantly hooked after that . i rated it  stars on amazon  and i am rating it   stars here . it is just that good . what i liked about it were the opening and closing themes  and of course stephen j . cannell  s logo at the end of each episode  but most of all  the relationship between the judge and mark as they worked together to crack each case . i was so hooked that i also purchased the second season as a companion  and i enjoyed it equally . if you do not have this excellent series on disc  i believe that you should purchase it and put it in your collection .  
hardcastle and mccormick is an excellent tv show .  br    br   yes  it is predictable much like the dukes of hazzard  hunter  the a  team  etc etc etc .  br    br   this show is just good clean television . the relationship between hardcastle and mccormick is quite amusing . they often take jabs at each other several times an episode  which adds a great deal of humor to the show . it contains several car chases in almost every episode  but  who doesn  t enjoy a good car chase  especially with the coyote   br    br   i only wish they made clean television like this today i highly recommend this   
  br    br   film dominated by raven  haired barbara steele  it was seen when i was seven or eight and created permanent images of pallid vampiric men and women stalking a castle  seeking blood . steele is an icon of horror films and an otherworldly beauty  and the views of the walking dead pre  date romero  s night of the living dead shamblers  unifying them in my mind .  br    br   i don  t see the connection between this film and the haunting  which is clever but ambiguous about the forces present . la danza macabre is a b  movie without pretention  daring you to fall in love with barbara steele and suffer the consequences . there  s no such draw to haunting  s overwrought claire bloom . the comparisons to the haunting are superficial .  br    br   and no  this movie does not need to be remade . not only is it a product of the sixties  but the large percentage of talentless cretins in hollywood cannot fathom macabre  s formula for terror . that formula is based on one overriding factor good writing . low  grade classics like castle and corman  s poe films with r . matheson and tourneur  s out of the past share a commonality of strong writing . it  s simple . get a real writer like richard matheson or steve mcquarrie and let them put a plot into today  s cinematic mess . besides that  let hollywood attempt some original material for a change  and stop exploiting the obviously superior product of the past .  
every kid has that movie that he pops into vhs when he has nothing to do  or when there is a babysitter around . this was that movie for me .  br    br   i can tell you the whole plot exactly  i must have seen it    times at least  and i can say it is a good kids  family movie .  br    br   i still have the tape  i haven  t watched it in  years  but maybe i  ll get around to it this week  and be a kid for the day .  br    br   you just have to love the care bears  and their messege .  br    br    
i saw this film when i was   or   years old  alone in my parent  s basement on a saturday night . it was being shown on  chiller theatre   a regular fright feature that i watched religiously as a young  un . now  i have seen many old horror films thanks to chiller theatre  but none ever stuck with me like  danse macabre   a . k . a .  castle of blood .  i am   now  and only last year was i fortunate enough to locate a relatively recent  quality dvd edition of this wonderfully shudder  inducing supernatural classic  having thought i  d never manage to see it again . i have already watched it four more times  and cannot seem to get tired of it .  br    br   they just don  t make spook films like this one anymore . haunted catacombs and mist  enshrouded graveyards just don  t work as well in color as they did in black and white back in the day . anyway  this one has edgar allen poe and barbara steele  deliciously shadowy  cobweb  wrap  ed haunted castle sets  restless spirits re  enacting their deaths . . . and a wickedly ironic ending .  br    br   imo  this one  s right up there with robert wise  s  the haunting    the innocents   with deborah kerr   and the more recent  the others .   
castle of blood   aka castle of terror   is a well  crafted  surprisingly spooky entry from italian director anthony dawson . exquisite black and white cinematography  flawless dubbing  superb casting  fairly logical scripting  deliberate pacing and a surprise  though totally appropriate  ending set this one apart . only the films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt love at first sight  between elizabeth  barbara steele  and alan  georges rivire  mar an otherwise surprisingly entertaining movie .  br    br   while visiting england  edgar allan poe sits in a pub  telling one of his ghostly stories to count blackwood . recognizing the great writer  alan  a young news reporter  requests an interview with poe . during the course of the conversation  poe reveals that all of his stories are true . incredulous  alan expresses his skepticism about life after death . count blackwood offers to bet alan    pounds that he cannot survive this night in blackwood  s castle  a night following halloween when the dead walk . alan cannot afford the bet  so he bets his life for a   pound wager .  br    br   unlike mario bava  s overpraised black sunday    aka the mask of satan    castle of blood  is fairly restrained  making the few moments of violence even more dreadful  especially surprising from a director usually associated with those terrible italian space movies from the   s .  br    br   it  s a pity the only version of this film i  ve found is badly deteriorated  and recorded  pan and scan version . even so  it is well worth seeing  and cries out for a modern remake  perhaps with christina ricci or jennifer love hewitt in the role of elizabeth . watch it and enjoy a film that compares well with robert wise  s the haunting  .  
i first remember seeing this one back in the   s when it was shown on late night television . scared the hell out of me . but then  i was a teenager back in those days  not as jaded about films as i am now .  br    br   castle of blood  aka danse macabre  is a fine example of the   s italian horror genre  along with mario bava  s black sunday        curse of the living dead  aka kill baby kill        and mario caiano  s nightmare castle       . if you want spooky atmosphere along with great writing  then check these out as well . i also rate these along with those early poe films that roger corman was doing during the same period .  br    br   i saw the new synapse dvd that was taken from a french print and it  s a great improvement over that old pan  and  scan print that was making the rounds on television over the years . it adds a couple of minutes of dialog  in french  that don  t really add much to the movie as whole  but it  s nice to see it complete  without cuts . unfortunately the dvd doesn  t really offer any extras beyond stills from the film .  br    br   one flub i noticed was in the opening scene  seeing the smoke  effects man next to the camera being reflected on the glass of the inn  s front door . i guess the editors didn  t catch it at the time  or maybe they didn  t care  but it is something i didn  t notice the first time . that  s the wonders of dvd . you get to see all the flubs  mistakes and details that weren  t apparent the first time around . but no matter .  br    br   but no matter  it still gets a  on the imdb meter  br    br    
italy produced a lot of really great and original horror films in the      s  and this is certainly one of them  the first thing you will notice about danse macabre is the style of the film . shot in beautiful black and white  and due to director antonio margheriti  s use of lighting the film almost looks like it could be a german expressionistic horror film . this  coupled with the horror  filled plot line ensures that danse macabre is a film that truly captures the essence of horror . of course  the fact that the beautiful barbara steele appears in the film doesn  t harm matters  and the good news continues as  in this film  she gets to flex her acting muscles more than she did in the films that made her famous . the plot is very aware of the time in which this was released  and so incorporates the great edgar allen poe . we follow alan foster  a writer who accepts a bet from poe himself and lord blackwood that he can  t spend an entire night in the latter  s creepy old castle . everyone that has spent the night there previously has died . . . and our hero is about to meet the previous wager  takers   br    br   nowadays  horror films don  t tend to focus so much on each shot and the result is that there isn  t much beauty left in the genre . it is refreshing  therefore  to see this film . many of the shots here are incredibly beautiful  from the female side of the couple wearing just a see  through skirt  to my personal favourite  a shot of smoke creeping in from under a door . this my first antonio margheriti film  and even after seeing just this one it  s obvious that he was one of italy  s premier directors . also interesting is the fact that screenplay was co  written by another of the italian greats django creator sergio corbucci . the plot can meander a little too much at times  but there  s always enough atmosphere on hand to make sure that the film never becomes boring  and the fact that it is always intriguing  even when the plot slows down  ensures the same thing . the way that danse macabre utilises the  haunted house  theme is both well done and original  and helps to keep the story as eerie as possible . on the whole  fans of italian and  or cult cinema will not want to miss this little gem   
castle of blood is a good example of the quality work in the horror genre being turned out in italy in the   s . the film has all of the right elements  old dark house  atmosphere  a decent story  and barbara steele . steele makes most any film worth seeing .  br    br   the story concerns a haunted castle . people have visited  but none have returned . our hero makes a wager that he can spend the night in the castle and return to collect his winnings . but  the night he visits is a special night . it  s the night each year when the dead return to relive their deaths .  br    br   the only flaw i see in the movie is the running time . it almost feels padded . there is a large portion of the first act where literally nothing happens . our hero stumbles around in the dark finding nothing of interest . but once he does find something  the movie picks up and become quite enjoyable .  br    br   castle of blood is a definite must for steele fans and fans of italian gothic horror in general .  
when american author edgar allan poe visits london  he is approached by british journalist alan foster  who becomes the target of a peculiar wager . not believing poe  s assertion that all of his macabre stories have been based on actual experience  foster accepts a bet from poe and his friend sir thomas blackwood that he cannot spend an entire night in the blackwood  s haunted castle . once installed in the abandoned castle  foster discovers that he is not alone  as he is approached by various beautiful women and handsome men  and a doctor of metaphysics  who explains that they are all lost souls damned to replay the stories of their demises on the anniversary of their deaths  the first time i watched this glorious bit of classic horror  i was mesmerized the entire time . i found the movie genuinely creepy and at the same time sorrowful . babs steele is undeniably beautiful . the music score makes the atmosphere twice as terror inducing . the topless scene threw me for a loop  as i was not expecting it . it looks as synapse did a great job with picture enhancement  because this movie looks damn fine for its age  and it  s the uncut international version  to boot . this is the movie responsible for me starting a babs steele and klaus kinski collection .  
i  ve watched this movie a number of times  and found it to be very good . this movie is also known as  castle of terror    coffin of terror   and  dance macabre  . barbara steele  is her usual beautiful  creepy self . george riviere  the male lead  does a good job with his role . the whole movie is dripping with atmosphere  and there is a good deal of tension throughout . the camera angles are good and the acting  for the most part  isn  t bad . this film is quite suitable for a rainy day or evening . i have the dvd uncut version  which is far superior to the edited tv version . grab some popcorn  turn out the lights  settle back and enjoy . john r . tracy  
this complicated story begins fairly simply  with an english journalist accepting a wager from edgar allen poe and his friend lord blackwood that he cannot spend a night in the haunted blackwood castle . once there  the writer wanders around the dusty rooms and corridors  until music and a glimpse of a waltzing couple lead him into an empty room . he sits at the harpsichord and starts to play the tune he has heard  and is surprised to be tapped on the shoulder by the stunningly beautiful elizabeth blackwood . she informs him with an ambiguous charming  eerie manner that she has prepared his room upstairs and that someone is always expected on this night . . . the night of the dead . thus begins a startling series of supernatural events that bewilder the journalist all the rest of the night . spoiler ahead it probably won  t surprise too many viewers to learn that the lovely elizabeth is actually a ghost . this doesn  t prevent her from falling in love with the journalist  but it does make things more complicated for them than for the average couple . this is a fun movie  with absolutely everything ghosts  the spooky castle  repeated visions of past events  sex and violence  though both have been toned down in the version most americans have seen over the years .  the alluring  captivating barbara steele is the main reason to see it . she has a strange charisma unlike anyone else you  ve ever seen in the movies . recommended   
i originally saw this movie as a boy at the old rialto theatre as part of a saturday afternoon matine triple bill which also featured vincent price  s  last man on earth  and mario bava  s  nightmare castle .  i had nightmares about blood lusting ghosts for a week afterwards  though i didn  t know it then  all three movies would prove to be classics of the genre . no wonder i was so scared  though all three films frightened me  it was castle of blood that had the most profound impact .  br    br   it was the first on the bill . i didn  t even get to see it from the beginning as we were late getting to the cinema and missed the first   minutes of the movie . that  s lot to miss since the edited print only ran about   minutes  the unedited runs   minutes  . but despite this  the dark creepy atmosphere  complete with ruined castles  fog enshrouded cemeteries  shadows and cobwebs   gothic set design  strong acting  and suspense  especially the last   minutes  scared the bejeepers out of me and made a lasting impression it took me years to finally get a copy of the film for my collection . since it was a french  italian import  it wasn  t a movie that showed up on the late show in winnipeg . i couldn  t quite remember the title  remember i didn  t get to seen the beginning of the film and was scared witless   and to make matters worse  the film had been released under literally a dozen different movie titles  aka danze macabre  coffin of terror  castle of terror  long night of terror  etc . . .  and the usa  uk working title  castle of blood  was very generic  similar to dozens of other  b  horror and suspense films  making it illusive . but thanks to the internet and perseverance  i found it at last  what a treat to finally watch the film in its entirety after so many years  it may not have had quite the sheer emotional impact that it did when i was a boy  but as haunted house movies go  it  s stands up well and compares favourably to similar iconic films of the period such as  the haunting    the innocents  or  black sunday   the film is a fine early effort of italian director antonio margheriti . it stars    s scream queen icon barbara steele and features a well written screenplay by sergio corbucci about a sceptical writer  georges riviere  who  on a bet  spends the night in haunted house and unsuspectingly becomes part of an annual ongoing ghostly story . the hypnotic steele is well cast as the ghostly love interest  as is arturo dominici as dr . carmus  and margarete robsahm as julia .  br    br   many of the tricks margheriti employs to create the film  s eerie atmosphere  cobwebs  creaking doors  fog  etc  are bound to seem clich to a modern audience  but they work far more effectively in black and white than they ever could in modern day colour . rather than using body counts and special effects  the film creates scares the old fashion way  relying on a good story  stylish direction  fine set production  interesting camera work  and strong acting performances . margheriti does a marvellous job taking these elements and building the film  s suspense as the horrifying paranormal secret of the house gradually reveals itself to the unwitting writer .  br    br   the film is not without faults . the pace drags at the beginning of the film  ironically  the   minutes i originally missed  . this is probably worsened by synapse films effort to restore the film to its original length . though fans will likely appreciate the chance to see the film restored  in terms of the intro  it may have been more of hindrance than a help . the english voice dubs are merely passable and  in the restored scenes  the language shifts from english to french  english subtitles provided  which is sure to be annoying to some viewers .  br    br   however  synapse films deserves kudos for the quality of the print . clearly some effort was put into its restoration and deservedly so .  br    br   i enjoyed the film immensely and highly recommend it to aficionados of    s italian goth films  or anyone who enjoys a good ghost story .  br    br   rob rheubottom winnipeg  mb canada  
if you  re a fan of gothic horror  then you  re definitely absolutely guaranteed to love this wondrous italian    s film  castle of blood  . we  re really talking about creepily creaking doors  eerie portraits that appear to be moving  spontaneously dying candles although there  s no wind and smoke coming from underneath heavy wooden chamber doors . speaking in terms of atmosphere and style  this masterful piece of gothic film  making is one of the best out there just one tiny league below landmarks such as  black sunday    the three faces of fear  and  curse of the crying woman  . the prominent directors duo sergio corbucci   the great silence    django   and antonio margheriti   cannibal apocalypse    killer fish   are successful in all areas  including a powerful plot  one that is genuinely nightmare inducing   ultra  sinister scenery and filming locations  stylish black and white photography  spine  chilling music and a brilliant gathering of talented performers . barbara steele  starlet of the aforementioned  black sunday  and italian goth  muse number one  shines brightly again as a spiritually tormented character and she  s literally surrounded by excellent co  players . one of them  silvano tranquilli  even gives away a fairly credential depiction of author edgar allan poe . the story involves him and another wealthy visitor of a countryside tavern challenging a brutal young journalist to accept a morbid wager . if he  alan foster  would survive spending one night in the infamous blackwood castle  he receives the astonishing reward of    and a newspaper interview with poe . needless to say the ordeal is much more dangerous than it sounds  even for somebody like alan foster who  s a firm non  believer in ghosts and vampires . the night starts out great for him  as he even meets up with the stunningly beautiful woman of his dreams  but gradually he learns that blackwood castle is a hellish place where the ghosts of the previously deceased visitors are trapped for all eternity . i don  t know about you  but this is seriously one of my favorite horror movie premises of all time . co  director antonio margheriti clearly was proud of this film as well  because he remade it himself a couple of years later as  web of the spider  . that movie had a handful of trumps  like for example the casting of no less than klaus kinski in the role of edgar allan poe  but in general this original is vastly superior .  castle of blood  literally oozes with atmosphere and maintains a thoroughly unsettling ambiance throughout . this truly is one of the rare films that can make the hair on your arms and back of the neck rise with fear if you watch it in the right circumstances . watch it late at night  preferably alone and in a candle lit room  and you  ll get an idea about the true definition of horror .  
in an era of such awful cartoons  i am rather in shock to see a movie with such good morals make it to the imdb bottom list for animated movies .  br    br   this movie does contradict the first . i won  t deny that . however  when i was in the target age group for this movie  i didn  t even notice  nor would it have mattered if i did . the people who made it may have used  new generation  to note that this is another way the care bear family could have began . perhaps we are meant to decide for ourselves how the care bear family truly began .  br    br   this was my favorite movie at age     and it did not scare me or confuse me at all .  br    br    
it is not every film  s job to stimulate you superficially . i will take an ambitious failure over a mass  market hit any day . while this really can  t be described as a failure  the sum of its parts remains ambiguous . that indecipherable quality tantalizes me into watching it again and again . this is a challenging  provocative movie that does not wrap things up neatly . the problem with the movie is in its structure . its inpenetrable plot seems to be winding up  just as a second ending is tacked on . though everything is technically dazzling  the movie is exactly too long by that unit . the long  delayed climax of leo  s awakening comes about   minutes late .  br    br   great cinematography often comes at the expense of a decent script  but here the innovative camera technique offers a wealth of visual ideas . the compositing artifice is provocative and engaging a character is rear  projected but his own hand in the foreground isn  t . the world depicted is deliberate  treacherous and absurd . keep your eyes peeled for a memorable  technically astonishing assassination that will make your jaw drop .  br    br   the compositions are stunning . whomever chose to release the  out of print  videotape in the pan  scan format must have never seen it . where is the dvd   br    br   it is unfathomable how anyone could give this much originality a bad review . you should see it at least once . you get the sense that von trier bit off more than he could chew  but this movie ends up being richer for it . i suspect he is familiar with hitchcock  s foreign correspondent in which devious europeans also manipulate an american dupe and several welles movies that take delirious joy in technique as much as he does . all von trier movies explore the plight of the naif amidst unforgiving societies . after zentropa  von trier moved away from this type of audacious technical experiment towards dreary  over  rated  un  nuanced sap like breaking the waves and dancer in the dark .  
the dvd for  danaza macabra   castle of blood  is very odd . that  s because parts of the film are in french with subtitles and the rest is dubbed into english from the french . sometimes  characters switched between the two in the middle of a scene  when i tried to get the film to be just subtitled or just dubbed  it made no difference  odd  but still watchable .  br    br   the story purports to be based on a poe story  though i can  t recall which one . in fact  the character of poe appears in the beginning and end of the film   though it didn  t look especially like him .  br    br   a rich man makes a bet with a guy down on his luck that he cannot stay the entire night in a manner home . it seems like an easy bet to win   even if the house is very creepy . however  it can  t be that easy  as the rich guy says that all those who previously took the bet died   yet this fool still wants to make the wager  while in the home  he meets lovely barbara steele within and falls madly for her . later  however  he learns that she died more than a decade earlier  how can this be   i could tell you more about the plot but don  t want to spoil any of the suspense . see it for yourself to find out the rest of the story .  br    br   this film gets very high marks for creating a creepy atmosphere . the house  black  white cinematography and music work together to make for a scary looking film . as for the plot  it  s interesting   especially because there are many twists and turns   so many that you are wondering just who is and who isn  t among the undead by the end of the film .  br    br   the only negative is that i felt sorry for the poor snake that was needlessly killed . crazy as it might sound  i felt sorry for it and it hardly seemed necessary .  br    br   also  parents may want to know that towards the end there is a bit of nudity . a strikingly beautiful woman appears topless  but it  s hardly necessary for the plot .  
i remember seeing this film at the west end theater in louisville  kentucky when i was a boy . the scene where dr . carmus finds the gardener  s coffin  and the breathing dead body therein  was the scariest part of the movie for me  only intensified by the darkness of the film . i also wondered about the people hanging from the trees at the end  until i recognized the part of the film in which the family name of the blackwoods was changed from blackblood  due to the fact that in the family history there was a character who was known for his many hangings of various people . sir thomas blackwood seemed to get his kicks out of adding to the deaths caused by his family . i also noticed that as foster first enters the gate of the cemetery  he is careful in noticing the sharp object of the gate  where he meets his end . i would not hesitate to recommend this film to horror movie lovers .  
this begins a wager between edgar allen poe and a journalist . . . poe bets that the man can not spend an entire night in a creepy castle . well  of course he can  but will he come out unscathed  hard to say with all these strange people that aren  t supposed to be there wandering around  including the icy barbara steele . this is a fairly odd film in that the presentation is both in french and english  and switches back and forth a few times . perhaps this is done because bits of dialog were lost  it  s also rather dark and claustrophobic  being that one doesn  t see much beyond a small circle of light that candles and such generate  plus there  s a feel of dread and impending doom pretty much at all times . this version  on synapse  is also uncensored and i wondered what might be censored in a film from     until i saw the topless scene  i guess that might be it . overall this is pretty good and in gloomy black and white . barbara steele definitely makes the movie too .  out of   .  
i have never seen a barbara steele movie that i haven  t liked  and have always been a sucker for a good haunted  house story  especially for such wonderful pictures as  the legend of hell house  and the original versions of  the haunting  and  house on haunted hill    so i had a feeling that  castle of blood  would be right up my alley . and boy  was it ever  this french  italian coproduction  while perhaps not the classic that steele  s first horror film   black sunday   remains to this day  is nevertheless an extremely atmospheric  chilling entry in the spook genre . filmed in black and white  it manages to convey a genuinely creepy miasma . the film concerns a journalist who bets one lord blackwood and an author named edgar allen poe that he can spend the night in blackwood  s castle on the night of all saints day  when the spirits of those killed in the castle reenact their fate . the viewer gets to see these deaths  and they are pretty horrible  for the most part . the film does indeed send shivers up the viewer  s spine  and in the uncut dvd that i just watched   thanks to the fine folks at synapse   even features a surprising topless scene and some mild lesbianism  and barbara is wonderful in this movie her otherworldly beauty is put to good advantage playing a sympathetic spectre . her mere presence turns a creepy ghost story into something truly memorable . not for nothing has she been called  the queen of horror .   
well executed old and very dark house horror . good set  up which includes the character of poe  himself  alluding to the story in a london pub . although from here it is pretty much the one guy who has taken the dare to visit the house on a particular night running from room to room either looking for or avoiding people  it is still most enjoyable . plus we have the delightful and enigmatic barbara steele . there is some wooden dialogue and some unexplained bits and bobs but it is the super creepy atmosphere that is maintained throughout  that and the super musical score that keep this one moving nicely along . dvd originates from us and has a few extras  
antonio margheriti  s  danza macabra  aka .  castle of blood  of     is a beautiful and incredibly haunting masterpiece of italian gothic horror  and after mario bava  s  la maschera del demonio   aka .  black sunday   of     and roger corman  s  pit and the pendulum  of      starring the great vincent price  another must  see that earned the wonderful barbara steele her more than deserved fame as the most important female horror icon in the history of motion pictures . but not only is the beautiful and brilliant barbara steele one of my favorite actresses of all  time  the screenplay to  danza macabra  was co  written by no one less than the cinematic genius sergio corbucci  who directed such ingenious spaghetti western milestones as  django        and  the great silence        . italy  s number  in the field  right after mario bava   director antonio margheriti is one of the all  time masters of gothic horror  and  castle of blood  is doubtlessly his greatest achievement . hardly another film works so brilliantly in creating an incredibly haunting  yet beautiful atmosphere as it is the case with this creepy masterpiece .  br    br   when he encounters the famous writer of brilliant macabre stories  edgar allen poe  in a gloomy london tavern  young journalist alan foster  georges rivire  accepts a bet from a nobleman  that he can not spend a night in his haunted castle in the night of all souls  eve . as soon as foster enters the eerie castle  mysterious things start to happen . after a little while  however  he encounters an enchanting resident of the castle  the stunningly beautiful elisabeth blackwood  barbara steele  . the mysterious events so far  however  have only been forebodings of the terrors the castle bears  however . . .  br    br   the eerie castle setting alone would be sufficient to create a gloomy mood  the excellent black and white cinematography and a great score by riz ortolani create an incredibly haunting atmosphere that is eerie beyond comparison . the wonderful barbara steele is fantastic as always  i simply can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress . no other actress has ever been capable of uniting ravishing beauty with the uncanny as it is the case with steele  and no actress ever will . besides steele  the movie  s cast contains another stunning beauty  margarete robsahm  and she also delivers a great performance . george rivire  s performance as alan foster is great  and the rest of the performances are also very good .  castle of blood  is outstanding in many departments barbara steele delivers one of her best performances  the cinematography and locations are beautifully haunting beyond comparison  the atmosphere is incredibly eerie . . . the film simply is a perfect whole of atmosphere  gothic beauty and the art of terror . in short  castle of blood  is one of the most atmospheric and greatest gothic horror films ever made  and must not be missed by anyone interested in the genre        
antonio margheriti  s  danza macabra    castle of blood  is an eerie  atmospheric chiller that succeeds on all fronts . it looks absolutely beautiful in black  white and it has wonderfully creepy gothic vibe . alan foster is an english journalist who pursues an interview with visiting american horror writer edgar allan poe . poe bets foster that he can  t spend one night in the abandoned mansion of poe  s friend  thomas blackwood . accepting the wager  foster is locked in the mansion and the horror begins  the film is extremely atmospheric and it scared the hell out of me . the crypt sequence is really eerie and the tension is almost unbearable . barbara steele looks incredibly beautiful as sinister specter elisabeth blackwood .  castle of blood  is easily one of the best italian horror movies made in early    s . a masterpiece   
i saw this movie as a kid on creature feature when i lived in new york . it was a pretty creepy movie  though not as good as horror hotel . i just bought this movie on dvd  and it is different from what i remember because in the dvd that i bought there are several scenes where the actors speak in french and  or italian and no subtitles are provided . then the other actors respond in english to what was being said . kind of weird . also on the dvd box  the names of some of the actors are spelled differently than on imdb .  br    br   aside from that  this movie is different in that the character of elsie takes her clothes off and provides a nude shot in one scene and in another scene julia tries to force elizabeth  barbara steele  to make out with her by pushing her down on the bed and kissing her while steele resists . that scene existed in the tv version  but it was very edited . i wonder if there is any extra footage that could be incorporated into a remastered ultra  edition  it seems sad that some of these old low budget classics have been spliced to bits and sold in all kinds of edited versions . where are the master tapes and all the unused footage   br    br   aside from the first boring twenty minutes before allen is delivered to the castle  the rest of the movie is pretty good . there aren  t too many special effects  but herbert  s face after julia clubs him is a good one  . the creepy atmosphere and the strange  exotic  and seductive look of barbara steele make the movie a lot better than it should be . i can honestly say that if barbara steele had not been in this film  it would be a big zero . she makes the movie a ten   
yakitate  ja  pan  translated as fresh baked  japanese bread  is the story of a young man named azuma kazuma and his journey to make the perfect japanese bread or ja  pan  for japan  and for the japanese  that will be recognized the the whole world .  br    br   of course  that  s just on the outside . in reality  yakitate  ja  pan isn  t really about the bread  but the reaction that come after eating the bread  and the pun that comes with the reaction . the series is lovable because of these puns . from popular anime titles like naruto  detective conan  and dragon ball to blockbuster movies like the matrix and lord of the rings . it  s all there .  br    br   so what makes this title different from other titles of the same genre like cooking master boy or mr . ajikko  well  unlike the others who use cooking for world domination  yakitate  ja  pan is purely comedy . sure  there are times that the story turns to drama  or even murder  but the comedic atmosphere makes you laugh at them . you  ll be laughing at their own view of heaven . just watch it .  br    br   just remember that this is also fiction  although some of the bread made here are based on real bread  eating the home made japan   won  t turn you to a super saiyan or turn your body to rubber .  
yaitate   japan is a really fun show and i really like it  it was shown in our country just recently in hero tv and abs  cbn every     . it is about azuma kazuma who is trying to fulfill his dream to make japanese bread that will represent his country . he is working in the southern toyo branch of pantasia and he is also helping his friend  tsukino azusagawa  along with other bakers  like kawachi kyousuke and kanmuri shigeru  to beat st . pierre and take control of pantasia . they fight other skillful bakers from many other countries and not only learn to make different kinds of bread but also learn to cook other food . it is a really funny and unique anime because they also mimic characters from other anime  like naruto  detective conan and one piece  and famous people from real life . it is one of the best works of takashi haschiguchi and is really a must  see for people of different ages .  
and my children love it now  granted  i can watch it now and realize the animation wasn  t that great  and that the plot is trite . hey  if every villian introduced themselves by saying  i ammmmm daaaarrrkk heeeeaaarrt  i think they might be laughed at  but for young children it is a moral story with catchy music .  br    br   music so catchy  mind you  that i still had the words memorized after not seeing this film in twenty years . i would definitely suggest this one for younger children .  
for those of you who think anime is just about giant reptiles raping schoolgirls  think again . there is a totally different side to the japanese animation . yakitate  japan is one of those shows . it is a sweet  natured tale of a young boy with the gift to make delicious bread . his universe is all about creating a japanese bread that can match with the famous european breads . the show is as wacky as they come and i  m sure that non  japanese viewers will miss a lot of the jokes . but it is still very nice to watch because of the complete innocent vibe of the show .  br    br   in the world of yakitate  it is not uncommon for people to look like they  ve just had an orgasm after eating bread . the bread is hallucinating and can give the consumer a wide array of super powers  from time  traveling to swimming like a fish . that weird aspect makes it into one of the least predictable and funny shows i  ve watched in a while .  
when i first started watching this anime i never thought that something about making bread could actually be interesting  but thankfully i was mistaken . from the moment i started watching it  anime just pulled into the world of bread making  i was hooked .  br    br   the biggest advantage of this anime is it  s humor  which is very intelligent and very funny  with some recurring gags . but the animation  soundtrack and character development are below average  while these disadvantages aren  t seen so much in the first episodes  because of the great job on this anime  it really starts to show in the last   episodes  when the reactions and recurring gags just grow old  and aren  t as funny as before .  br    br   as far as i  m concerned  if this anime had ended with episode   i would have given it a   but the last episodes just leave a bitter aftertaste  which sadly can  t be washed away by the awesome   episodes .  br    br        
the premise of this anime series is about bread  of all things to base a plot on  i truly laughed . the main character has a special bread making power that he was born with  and he goes off to bread baking school . i wish it were available on dvd  and it doesn  t matter if it  s subtitled or dubbed  it  s that good . even the theme song alone is funny . at one point in the theme song  there  s an african  japanese man with an afro on horseback  wielding a french baguette as if it were a samurai sword . these images will not make sense unless you see the anime . you  ll laugh until your sides hurt . it is definitely the most unique anime i have seen thus far .  
i usually steer clear of tv movies because of the many ways you know that it  s tv movies five seconds into the picture . this one got my attention because of the unusual title and its gloomy  well  crafted mood that is established from the very start . while the ever present rain confirmed my suspicions of a misplaced story  even if claiming to be set in california the movie was largely shot around a stormy vancouver  b . c .   the dark and oppressive outdoors beautifully complement olmos  excellent acting .  
this movie is obviously low  budget  filmed in british columbia  canada . the obstacles that had to be overcome to make this movie convincing  set in california  late    s     s  were well conceived . i believe this is the best  most accurate version of the zodiac killings that plagued the town of vallejo  the bay area from          he was never caught  . edward james olmos  det . dave toschi   george dzundza  zodiac  at the time believed to be arthur leigh allen  since cleared by dna  fingerprints  play a game of cat  mouse re  visiting crime scenes together  each one trying to trigger the other into an emotional revelation . olmos dying from some type of terminal disease  knowing dzundza did it  still totally obsessed to the point of losing his family  becoming a full blown alcoholic along the way . dzundza totally oblivious  self absorbed  like all serial killers  to the carnage left in his wake . the only disappointment was the  over the top  ending otherwise pretty accurate . if you tire of the typical hollywood fluff or have an interest in the zodiac case  check it out .  
another comment about this film made it sound lousy . given talking pictures were so new  i think the script and acting were good . davis was so young and fresh . she had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect . yet it is great to see her this way  still learning the craft .  br    br   so many clichs came from this film and it seems  this film blazed some trails for the next   years . my vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was . keep and open mind and you maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture  for being     and how we view the early part of last century as uptight . . i love it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others negative and one note comments .  
 . . . that the bette davis version of this film was better than the kim novak version .  br    br   despite all of the other comments written here  i really prefer the bette davis version  even though the novak version has a more coherent story line .  br    br   however davis  mildred  s raw emotions seem to me to be more apt to a sluttish girl who seems easily to become a prostitute .  br    br   and it is those raw emotions that constitute part of what the poor doctor falls in love with . he has emotions of despair  of failure  of  otherness   strong emotions that he represses . davis  mildred  on the other hand  displays her emotions immediately and without censure . she has no feelings of despair  or of failure  or of  otherness   rather  she is merely surviving as a poor cockney woman in the victorian era .  br    br   novak  s portrayal was a more vulnerable mildred than was davis   almost through the the whole movie . davis  mildred was never vulnerable until she actually had to go to the doctor and beg for assistance . and when he reviles her  for her method of keeping body and soul together  and for continually taking advantage of his love for her  she unleashes arguably the most passionate repudiation of snobbish holier than thou attitude ever seen on screen  i wiped my mouth  i wiped my mouth    novak  s vulnerability was excellent . davis  realism was monumental .  br    br   imdb votes concur   
although this film put davis on the map due to her brilliantly intense performance as the illiterate guttersnipe waitress  prostitute mildred rogers  this film is strangely unsatisfying to me as a whole . the acting is indeed fine in most every respect . what i cannot fathom for the life of me is just how or why phillip  a sensitive  well  bred young man would take the constant abuse this tramp constantly dishes out towards him i find his naive tolerance quite ridiculously unbelievable in certain respects . yes  i know he is a sensitive club  footed  introverted intellectual . but davis is such a venomous witch that nobody that cultured would tolerate her attitude or actions and make it believable . davis is astounding in her role yes  she may go overboard in her histrionics now and then  but it  s a vividly creative portrayal any which way you look at it . too bad she wasn  t playing a gangster  s moll . her character would have been completely believable as a tramp among low  lifes   
when i saw that this film was only   minutes long  i thought we were in trouble . condensing the gigantic w . somerset maugham novel down to a movie that clocks in at under an hour and a half seemed like a disaster waiting to happen . but you know  the movie  s not half bad  and it even manages to retain much of what makes the book resonate so much with its readers .  br    br   i  ve heard many film buffs complain that leslie howard was a wet noodle of an actor  and he was  but i can  t think of anyone more suited to play the role of philip carey than a wet noodle  for that  s certainly what carey is . howard plays him well  which means you want to shake him and slap him upside the head repeatedly  then finally take him out and buy him a spine .  br    br   ah  and then there  s bette  as the girl with whom carey is obsessed and who brings his world crashing down around him . i didn  t know what on earth the appeal of mildred was in the book  and the movie stays true to that detail . but as played by davis  she does become the most fascinating character in the story  and if she  s nasty and unlikable  she  s at least the most dynamic person on screen at any given time . davis  s performance here is credited with changing the course of screen acting  much as brando  s would do nearly   years later when he screamed out  stella    in that little  known tennesee williams play  and it  s not hard to see why . davis is intense to the point of scary . she makes no effort to wring any sympathy from the audience  and she allows herself to look ugly and most unglamorous . her appearance when carey walks in on her late in the film to find her dead or nearly dead of an unnamed disease  though not much care is taken to hide the fact that it  s an std  is shocking . of course  it helps that this movie squeaked out just before the production code went into effect if it had been made a year later  you can bet things would have been a bit different .  br    br   yes  much of the novel  and many of its most interesting parts  are left on the cutting room floor  and the story really does become about carey and mildred and not much else . i found that to be the least interesting and most tedious part of maugham  s novel  but it is the part that gives the novel its title and seems to be the part that readers are still drawn to now  so it strikes me as a wise decision on the part of the film makers that they chose to adapt the novel the way they did .  br    br   grade b  
today actresses happily gain weight  dye their hair  dress like slobs  and lose their glamor for a role  and bette davis was probably the actress who started the trend . even as a pretty young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and constance bennett  type makeup in films  davis was willing to ravage herself in order to create a character on the outside as well as the inside .  br    br   her determination is amply demonstrated here in her breakout film   of human bondage   in which she stars with leslie howard as philip carey . davis plays mildred  a slutty  manipulative  greedy low  life to howard  s masochistic  club  footed philip . he first meets her when she  s a waitress  and she allows him to take her out to dinner and theater while she frolics with a wealthy older man  alan hale sr .  . in truth  mildred is repulsed by philip  s club foot . on his part  philip seems to enjoy the abuse of her open flirtation and her coolness toward him . he allows mildred to bleed him dry financially in between boyfriends who drop her when they tire of her  while he blows off a couple of truly lovely women  kay johnson and frances dee  . when he gets the gumption to throw her out  mildred trashes his apartment and robs him  forcing him to withdraw from medical school and lose his lodgings .  br    br    of human bondage  looks rather stilted today in parts . though leslie howard was a wonderful actor and attractive  his acting style is of a more formal old school  and as a result  he tends to date whatever he  s in . he shines in material like his role opposite davis in  it  s love i  m after  or  the petrified forest  which call for his kind of technique . his dated acting is even more obvious here because davis was forging new ground with a gritty  edgy performance that would really make her name . if she seems at times over the top  she came from the stage  and the subtleties of film acting would emerge later for her . contrast this performance with the restraint  warmth and gentleness of her henriette in  all this  and heaven too  or the pathos she brought to  dark victory .  she was a true actress and a true artist . davis really allows herself to look like holy hell mildred  s deterioration is absolutely pathetic as philip seems to gain strength as her spirit fades .  br    br   an excellent film in which to see the burgeoning of one of film  s greatest stars .  
i grew up on this movie and i can remember when my brother and i used to play in the backyard and pretend we were in care  a  lot . now  after so many years have passed  i get to watch the movie with my daughter and watch her enjoy it . if you are parent and you have not watched this movie with your children  then you should  just so you hold them in your arms and watch them get thrilled over the care bears and care  a  lot  the songs  especially  forever young  are very sweet and memorable . parents  i highly recommend this movie for all kids so they can learn how enjoyable caring for others can be  when it comes down to all the trash that is on tv  you can raise your children to have the right frame of mind about life with movies like these .  
reading web sites on bette davis one can find instances where authors claim that there is nothing special about her acting . i even found a site which claimed that bette davis  success was probably due to her luck . but ms davis films of     tell quite the opposite . the most evident example are two films that she did only few weeks apart fog over frisco and on human bondage . characters she played in these movies  though both being negative  are quite different . arlene in the former is a beautiful  glamorous and frivolous heiress and much more likable character than mildred in the latter  which is a pale  uneducated and impudent cockney waitress . needless to say that ms davis played both characters very authentic and with the same enthusiasm . but even that is not all . the point is that the former role  which would be wished by most actresses of the day  was the one she was forced to play . the latter role  which seemed to most actresses as undesirable  career destroying role  was the one she fought for ferociously for months . and it was the latter role that launched her among the greatest stars . so there is no question that ms davis knew from the start what she was doing .  br    br   the film  which tells about a medical student phillip carey  leslie howard  which falls unhappily in love with cockney waitress mildred rogers  bette davis   has a few week points  but many more strong ones . the story is simply too big to be told in mere   minutes . for example  it is quite unclear why refined student found any interest in an impudent waitress in the first place . well  there is one scene in which we are exposed to ms davis captivating eyes  but this is when his emotions are already fully evolved . nevertheless  the integrity of the story is preserved by superior acting from howard and davis as well as fantastic steiner  s music which tells tons of emotions even when we do not see characters  faces . in fact the film is amalgamated by phillip  s walking sequences showing him from the back supplemented with shuddering two  tone repetition . every detail is well thought  max steiner wrote a beautiful leitmotif for each women in phillip  s life  which is consistently used through the film . and a beautiful scene in which we see sally  s face in front of calendar is one of the sweetest scenes i  ve ever seen exactly due to francis dee  s breathtaking beauty  ms dee was by the way considered to be too beautiful to play leading role in gone with a wind  as well as steiner  s captivating music . camera movements between the some scenes is also original and refreshing .  br    br   but my strongest objection is that events are presented too two  dimensionally  which induce viewer that mildred is an ultimate slut . the most disgusting characters ought to be men which lure her into relationship  despite well knowing that they will abandon her after taking use of her  but they  curiously  finished portrayed as likable characters . after all  mildred always  in her own specific  but still a honest way  lets phillip know that she despises him and had no interest in him . which he just refuses to hear . it is phillips masochistic nature connected to his club foot and infantile experiences that is the principal reason of his love problem . he is enslaved to his club foot as much as to mildred and perhaps has to be free of both to start a normal life . of course  selfish and impudent mildred  after discovering voluntary phillip  s bondage to her  did its own share to make his life hell . even taking into account that she exploded after realizing that the bondage has loosen  it is less than clear why would she burn phillip  s money  maugham intended different in his novel  . after all  she could as well steal it and drunk gallons of champagne .  br    br   for modern standards the film is a bit outdated  but each subsequent time you watch it  you can reveal new interesting details due to superior acting  fascinating music and original editing  so it does deserve the highest possible mark .  
somerset maugham  s characters are brought to life in rko  s  of human bondage   but the movie is a too skeletal version of the novel  with bette davis  star  making performance sucking up all of the energy . otherwise  it  s the story of leslie howard  as philip carey   he dreams of becoming a painter  but is told he has no talent for the arts . as the film progresses  mr . howard  s struggles  instead  to become a doctor . his efforts seem to indicate some bad advice regarding the arts though successful in medicine  his painting seemed easier  also  note the symbolism of his disability  a  club foot   explained in the film  .  br    br   along the way  right away  in this version   howard becomes infatuated with waitress davis  as mildred rogers  . davis  characterization of  mildred  is extraordinary  culminating in a spectacular speech  when she tells howard  among other things  that she had to  wipe my mouth   after kissing him . howard also performs well  but the story fails to explain his prolonged fascination and love for davis so  their performances are wasted .  br    br   still  a film to watch for the acting  including some good supporting players . bette davis  characterization was famous for inspiring a  write  in  campaign for the      best actress  academy award . for the record  she placed third . the results were  br    br    . claudette colbert   it happened one night   br    br    . norma shearer   the barretts of wimpole street   br    br    . bette davis   of human bondage   br    br    . grace moore   one night of love   br    br    of human bondage          john cromwell  leslie howard  bette davis  reginald denny  
the movie may be great . i just watched it last night  but feel unable to give an honest opinion of it because i read the book first . the book is so much better than the movie that i was disappointed with the film . if you plan to watch  of human bondage   don  t read the book beforehand . on the other hand  the book is so good  and contains so much more than the love affair phillip has with mildred  you could still enjoy it after seeing the movie . i do not make this claim lightly . i average reading a book every  days  and read such disparate authors as danielle steel  ovid  faulkner  plato  and shakespeare .  of human bondage  gets my vote as one of the top ten novels ever written .  
bette davis  electrifying performance is such that it is hard to remember the other female players . they were as perfect in their parts as davis was in hers  they just didn  t have as much to do . some of the reviewers felt that the book was so much better  it was but to give the film it  s due  to condense a    page book down to   minutes is no mean feat . the first part of the book didn  t even make it to the screen  it told of phillip  s childhood  then moved to germany and paris  where phillip had gone to try to make good as an artist . it also chronicles his first romance  with fanny price  who kills herself when she realises phillip cannot return her feelings of love . it is a wonderful book but rambling and i think that anyone who does not think too highly of the film should read the book and will realise how good the film is .  br    br   after realising that he will only ever be a mediocre painter  phillip carey  leslie howard  comes back to england hoping to take up medicine . when out at a tearoom he meets a sullen waitress  mildred  bette davis  . even though she has no interest in him and basically treats him like dirt  phillip is obsessed . it is so hard to watch his efforts at trying to find any civility in this vicious shrew . in one scene she promises to meet him in a second class railway waiting room  when they almost miss each other  she berates him with  why would i wait in a second class waiting room when there is a first class one available  . you just want to shake him . the only time she is pleasant to him is when she tells him she is going to marry another man  a coarse sales  man  emile miller  alan hale  . with mildred out of the picture  he meets nora  kay johnson  a lovely woman  who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym . she jokes about the popularity the books enjoy among servants  in the novel he had seen mildred reading them .  nora gives phillip all the love and confidence he needs but he is incapable of returning her love . when mildred returns  miller didn  t marry her and she is having a baby   of course he takes care of her and helps her with the baby  in the film it is treated as an object  always called  baby   never given a name or gender   she repays him by running off with his best friend .  br    br   at the hospital he meets sally athelny  frances dee  who is visiting her sick father . he begins to visit her home and for the first time in his life gets a sense of family . then surprise  surprise  mildred returns like a bad penny and surprise  philip takes her in . but he has changed and feels only disgust when she tries to show gratitude the only way she knows how . then follows one of the most vicious  verbal fights on film with phrases such as  you cad  you dirty swine    i only kissed you because you begged me  and  when you went i wiped my mouth  i wiped my mouth     in the book a lot of mildred  s stock phrases such as  you  re a gentleman in every sense of the word    i don  t mind   and  mr . high and mighty  were associated with prostitutes and when phillip meets her for the first time he is struck by that .  br    br   the end of the film shows phillip  being truly free of mildred in the only way possible  now free to love sally . again in the book sally tells phillip that she thinks she is having a baby but that just makes him more sure of his love . that ending  like mildred  s  sickness  could not be in the film  even a pre  code one .  br    br   kay johnson was always called on to play sensible  believable women  which she played to perfection as she was obviously sensible herself . her nora was the woman philip should have stayed with . frances dee was one of the most beautiful of screen ingenues . she was obviously being groomed for stardom with some roles that proved she was not just a pretty face   the silver cord  and  blood money   but when she married joel mccrea her career started to peter out . her sally did not push her talent to the limits . apparently leslie howard was not very helpful to bette davis on the set  he was annoyed that an english actress was not given the part . he used to throw her her lines  whilst reading a book off camera  . he did start to take an interest when a newspaper reported  the kid was running away with the picture      br    br   highly  highly recommended .  
this     adaptation of somerset maugham  s novel put bette davis on the map as a movie actress . she might have won an academy award for her performance but the films was made on loan  so her studio didn  t push for her . her acting in this one doesn  t come off well by today  s standards . as the heartless waitress who jerks philip  a sensitive medical student  around and nearly ruins his life  davis is way too shrill  almost demonic . director john cromwell  who usually elicited good performances from his actresses  was perhaps overwhelmed by this one . davis is watchable  for sure  but so strident and predatory as to seem scarcely human . i imagine the character of millie as quieter  less feminine than davis  with maybe a touch of the tomboy . davis is such a strong  immediate presence that  s there  s no air of mystery to her  which makes philip  s attraction to her seem more overtly masochistic than it should be .  br    br   as philip  leslie howard is excellent . his wan  somewhat wilted good looks are perfect for this failed aesthete . nor does he impose a personal interpretation on the part  as  say  dirk bogarde might have done  which gives his work a rare clarity . he seems completely in control here  as he should be  playing a man with a rational intellect who is in the grip of irrational emotions he cannot manage or even fully satisfy  as the object of his affections moves him in ways he cannot understand . howard was a fine actor  too often cast in standard romantic parts which compelled him to fall back on charm  which he doesn  t use here .  br    br   it  s been so long since i  ve read the book i don  t feel comfortable commenting on the movie  s faithfulness to it . i think it captures the spirit of the story well enough  and that it has in howard a perfect philip carey . the sexual undercurrents are muted  and at times philip behaves so masochistically that in the absence of strong sex feelings makes one wonder about the character  s sanity  surely not mr . maugham  s intention . thanks to howard  s performance  philip remains firmly in focus  as one can see in his various responses to and yearnings for millie the extremes to which a reasonable intellect will go to understand the irrational  in himself and in others .  br    br   overall  a very good film  a little stilted at times  due to its age  it evokes london nicely  and is well acted for the most part .  
i saw this film again and noticed how close it is to the novel if we ignore the part about cary  s leslie howard childhood . considering that  br    br   at the time not much can be shown on the screen  not that there is much in the novel the obsession of the character with mildred bette davis is very well conveyed to the audience . i recommend this film to anyone who ever fell for another person and the other side tried to take advantage of him or her . i have read that maugham was asked to make a recording of the novel for sale  but when he started to in the studio he began crying and could not finish more than a few lines and whole project was chucked . one can tell the novel is written from the heart and the film is a good  br    br   adaptation of a part of it at least .  
bette davis turns in a coldly amusing performance as mildred rogers in this     film . the film seems rather dated now in     . it is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and bette davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today . it was startling for me to see how young ms . davis looks in this move . the actors turn in performances which are basically sound and the story is meaningful and interesting . leslie howard is well cast as philip carey  the club  footed medical student . this is a film with a strong message about whom we choose to love and why . however   of human bondage  didn  t seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally . i felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it . i have an intuition that this may be the reaction that the director was going for . you be the judge   br    br    
the story is somewhat stilted  what with the main character  s sudden reversals of fortune  but leslie howard and bette davis  s portrayals of philip carey  the nave obsessed lover and mildred rogers  the unworthy object of his affections  raise this film considerably above standard melodrama .  br    br   sensitive  cultured philip  who for most of the picture is in bondage to first his infatuation and then his pity for mildred is not unlike a character howard was to play a few years later   ashley wilkes  the southern gentleman too refined and decent to make it in the rough reconstruction era . philip in fact seems resigned to disappointment even before mildred enters the picturehe doesn  t even seem particularly surprised when his art teacher tells him he  ll never make it as a painter . it is perhaps this passivity  these lowered expectations that makes him put up with the selfish cockney waitress for as long as he does .  br    br   although leslie howard is memorable  today  of human bondage  is mainly thought of as a bette davis picture  perhaps because of the well known story of how she had to fight jack warner to get the part of mildred  and perhaps too because movie audiences tend to prefer characters with her sort of brash energy . mildred may have a grating voice  but she also has the ethereal beauty of a stained glass angel  making it somewhat understandable why philip let himself be strung along for as long as he did . although man eating mildred may at times seem one dimensional  she does evoke sympathy in the viewer from time to time as when she becomes ill and belatedly realizes that philip is the only decent man who ever cared for her . one may also think she is on to something when she accuses philip of looking down on her for not being  fine  enough .  the scene in which philip and norah dismiss romance magazines as trash for kitchen maids seems to confirm this  .  br    br   most of the supporting characters are also effective  particularly norah the sensible romance writer who loves philip but knows she can never compete with mildred and sally who has mildred  s beauty and norah  s decency and emerges as the deserving woman philip is rewarded with in the end . the only character i found hollow was sally  s eccentric  ale slurping aristocratic father who seems like a stock character from an earlier era .  br    br   a classic that deserves it reputation .  
i just saw  of human bondage  for the first time a few days ago and wow  what a mysterious and almost spooky film . i loved how the music went with the pace of each step of philip  s feet . it gave me the chills for some reason . . .  br    br   one of the greatest aspects of this film is that you get to see bette davis coming into herself right before your eyes . she  s great  not necessarily because this is her best work  but because it was so out of the ordinary to be so vicious  gritty  and unflinching as an actress in     . . . bette was a risk taker  always wanting to be different and this is right about when she started to realize that she could be as nasty and daring as she wanted and people would love her for it . if you  re a true lover of film  it  s amazing to see . . .  br    br   she just had a way of delivering a line that made the part  and the film for that matter  belong to her . like  a mass of music and fire . that  s me . . . an old kazoo and some sparklers  or  but you are blanche  you are in that chair   or  with all my heart  i still love the man i killed    . . . those are from a few of her films  but you get my drift . she was just so brave  sassy  and exotic looking with those beautiful big eyes . after seeing this  i can  t believe it was remade twice . . .  br    br   leslie howard was gorgeous . . . so calm and persistent  needing to be loved . i thought he was adorable and couldn  t understand how everyone wasn  t falling for him  but then again  everyone was . . . except mildred . he did a great job . . .  br    br   the only thing that i didn  t like was something that was common with the writing in the early films . they  d make a character so hateful that it  s almost unbelievable that someone would actually fall for them in the first place . the performances were great  but in real life  philip would have never been interested in mildred . that  s just the simple truth . . . see it    
this is a well directed film from john cromwell who was not a great director but who did make some fine films including the     version of  the prsoner of zenda  . set in a london that only hollywood could manage  atmospheric but nothing like the real thing  it is a story of obsession and thwarted love  from the novel by somerset maughan .  br    br   i was looking forward to seeing it on dvd as i had never seen it before and being a great admirer of bette davis wanted to see her in a role considered one of her early great ones . so i bought it . well she looked fine but i  m sorry to say her london cockney accent just made me laugh . bette davis was one of the greatest film actors  make no mistake  but here she did make one . it was impossible to take her character seriously . it wasn  t as gruesome as the dick van dyke  mary poppins  cockney accent but close .  br    br   in the other major role was leslie howard and he did it superbly . he was a subtle and intelligent actor the supporting actors acquit themselves well . worth watching despite ms davis  vocal gymnastics .  
care bears movie   a new generation isn  t at all a bad movie . in fact  i like it very much . yes i admit the dialogue is corny and the story is a bit poorly told at times . but darkheart  while very very dark is a convincing enough shape shifting villain  and hadley kay did a superb job voicing him . speaking of the voice acting  it was great  nothing wrong with it whatsoever . the animation is colourful  and some of the visuals particularly at the beginning were breathtaking . the songs and score are lovely  especially growing up and forever young  the latter has always been my personal favourite of the two . the care bears  who i do like  are adorable  and the human children are well done too . and the ending is a real tearjerker . all in all  harmless kiddie fun .     bethany cox  
bette davis  cockney accent in this film is absolutely appalling . i totally understand that americans and other nationalities mightn  t realise this and that  s fine but believe me  it  s about half as good as dick van dyke  s cockney accent in mary poppins  and that was a right load of old pony  slipped into london vernacular there  many apologies  .  br    br   the remarkable thing to me is that the strange accents and exaggerated acting styles don  t detract from the films  power . of human bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema despite its superficial faults . it also has to be viewed in perspective . the technical and cultural limitations of film making at the time have to be appreciated  and given those limitations john cromwell does a very good job directing the camera and allowing the narrative to develop cinematically rather than solely via the mannered acting and stilted dialogue . a fine example of his skillful direction is the scene set at victoria station . it is beautifully conceived  shot and edited . note too the stark shots of the prostrate mildred towards the end of the film they owe more to the early days of artistic film making than the sanitised  formulaic world of the studio that was about to dominate .  br    br   the themes of the film are universally familiar and compelling ones sexual obsession  unrequited love  scorned passion  self  loathing  manipulative relationships  social divides and youthful folly . though the dialogue is often rather hackneyed  the difficult task of portraying these themes and the inner lives of the characters is tackled well albeit in a low  key way . some of the scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch but the story doesn  t descend into clich we  re aware that the characters  even the poisonous mildred  are both victims and perpetrators  and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding of each others feelings as well as by wilful selfishness . whilst naive in style the story reaches to the complex heart of the human condition and the mannered nature of the acting and the occasionally grating exchanges don  t diminish the veracity of the work .  br    br   of human bondage was one of the films that got bette davis noticed in hollywood and whilst watching it you are conscious of being witness at the birth of a celebrated career . her unconventional beauty and screen charisma  no one flounced or did disdain quite like ms davis  grab your attention from her first appearance . whilst hers is definitely the memorable performance in the film  leslie howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student philip carey . they are a good combination  though  why oh why didn  t he help her with that terrible  terrible accent    
the movie concerns about philip  leslie howard  he  s a serious but handicapped medicine student . he falls fatally in love with a heartless  predatory waitress called mildred  bette davis  . she leaves him  engaging with others  alan hale  reginald denny  . meanwhile he is romanced with another suitors  kay johnson  frances dee  but she goes back in a mutually destructive affair .  br    br   easily the best and first of numerous films versions of somerset maugham  s novel . bette davis as the cockney cruel waitress winning yet another magnificent interpretation with an alluring and smouldering performance  absolutely hypnotic in her account of the bondage that occurs from the beginning to the finale . davis rose the stardom with her performance . her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in posteriors acting . leslie howard as the essentially good and decent student subtly destroyed gives an excellent and melancholic performance . he was an awesome actor  gone with the wind  besides producer and writer and dead in plane crash during wwii . both will play again in petrified forest       . the atmosphere film is elaborately recreated in the rko  radio picture inc  studio is entirely convincing . remade in     by edmund goulding  with eleanor parker and paul henreid and in     by ken hughes with kim novak and laurence harvey . the motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs . rating  very good but a little bit dated .  
enjoyable in spite of leslie howard  s performance . mr . howard plays philip as a flat  uninteresting character . one is supposed to feel sorry for this man however  i find myself cheering bette davis  mildred . ms . davis gives one her finest performances  she received an academy award nomination  . thanks to her performance she brings this rather dull movie to life . be sure not to miss when mildred tells philip exactly how she feels about him .  
this movie is about sexual obsession . bette davis plays mildred . this is a woman who men are drawn to . not because she is a nice beautiful girl but because she is a sexual entity . now the movie does not come out and say that but it is obvious . there is a scene in the movie in which men are all going googly eyes over her . she works as a waitress in a coffee shop  she can  t read and she not really anybody to look at but she is a flirt . it is obvious the male customers in that coffee shop are there because of her . one day phillip a club footed failed painter medical student comes in the shop to say a good word for his friend but he becomes besotted the moment he sees her . he starts buying her things even pays for her apartment . meanwhile she is seeing other people and she makes no secrets of it . he dreams about her like she is a angel  but she is no angel . he is constantly thinking about her . his med school grades are even failing . so what the nookie is too good . he wants to marry her but she rejects him because she is marrying another guy . she always lets phil know she really doesn  t have love feelings for him all of time . he is heart broken but he meets another woman . they seem fine but it is obvious he is still dreaming of the bimbo . mildred does comes back with a baby and unwed . phillip takes her in again  but she starts going out with a friend of his  the light bulb comes on a little and he kicks her out . she does what she knows works so she tries to seduce him  well it doesn  t work and she proceeds to burn his tuition money up . oh we have a club foot that he has problems about  even though a street teenager who has the same problem tells him to lighten up about it . he meets another girl named sally we have a march of time montage which shows her aging while he strings her along still waiting for mildred . well he has no school tuition  can  t find a job . finally sally and her dad takes him in . not before another march of time montage showing him going downhill . soon his uncle who raised him dies and he gets money to become a doctor . meanwhile he finds mildred needs him again . she has tb . meanwhile he is still leading sally down the primrose path about marriage and he takes a job on a steamship . finally the bimbo dies and phillip declares he is free now and he will marry sally . i wished she told him to stuff it . now i know my take on the characters are not going to get me any points . but i feel phillip was the bad guy . yes mildred is a strumpet but he knows it  and he keeps coming back . mean while he has two other girlfriends who love him but he treats as appetizers . i guess the sex wasn  t as good . but in any case he dogs those women waiting for mildred . not only that but the man who gets mildred pregnant is already married and when philip asks him what he intends to do about baby  apparently the baby  s name  he laughs is off  he has no intention in supporting her and baby and he is wealthy . sally  s father who has  children say some pretty nasty things about women but he is said to be a old traditionalist . philip doesn  t seem to refute his feelings either . men are using mildred as a boy toy but the men in this movie come out as unscathed . yes she was not a respectable woman but far from a villain . to me it is philip who was had the real problem and it was his sexual obsession for mildred .  
i happen to like leslie howard  in his better films . yet  for some reason  his performance in of human bondage never has moved me tremendously . i first saw the film on my college campus in     and the reviewer in the college newspaper made the comment that in the     s and     s howard played the roles supposedly later picked up by dirk bogard as the man who was born to be betrayed . this is not usually the case  off hand i think of ashley wilkes as a man who might be betrayed  if he and scarlett o  hara were meant to be an item by margaret mitchell  but ashley loved melonie  not scarlett  . howard could play any type  and a role like r . j . mitchell or professor henry higgins is not one who is betrayed .   br    br    one can make the case that philip armstrong scott is betrayed by the two strangers he shows hospitality to in   th parallel  but they are nazis who consider him  a liberal  westerner  canadian  fair game to double cross in wartime . it isn  t the same as emotional betrayal  and howard does not shrivel up as a result  but faces the nazis and captures one after beating him up .   br    br   i think what the reviewer meant was that howard could be soulful  or try to be soulful . witness his poet  dreamer  wanderer in the petrified forrest . but that character was not betrayed  except by history perhaps  as he feels his type is as out of date as the gangster played by humphrey bogart  . the character of philip carey in somerset maugham  s of human bondage is soulful too . he is sensitive for several reasons . he has an interest in art and tries to become a painter  but unlike the artist strickland in the moon and sixpence he has no real talent . so he decides to concentrate on medical studies  accentuated by a club foot condition he has . here he is a man with low self  esteem who is set up to be betrayed .  br    br   philip finds that betrayal in the form of mildred a cockney waitress  bette davis  who is mercenary and as selfish as they come . why philip falls for her is not really addressed in the film  but he does find the woman fascinating . and she finds him an easy meal ticket . ironically in being so captivated by this slut  philip fails to notice two other women who are interested in him  kay johnson and frances dee   and are more fit to be his mate . he also keeps finding himself forgiving davis when she has affairs with other men  alan hale and reginald denny  the latter a friend of howard  s  .  br    br   although howard  s performance captures the doormat tendency of philip towards mildred  he really does not show enough passion  until late in the movie  when he turns on her  . that is why i find i never cared for his performance here  it lacks any reality . his later tortured insistence in gone with the wind that he loves olivia de haviland  not vivian leigh  has more consistency with a man in love . but the performance of davis as mildred makes the film important . she had a wide variety of parts up to      like the girlfriend of the deaf pianist in the man who played god or the spoiled heiress who gets murdered in fog over frisco or the mouse  like secretary in three on a match . as mildred she finally showed she could be a major actress by playing a selfish bitch .  br    br   curiously her performance was not all of one note . while she uses and abuses howard for two thirds of the film  culminating in that famous scene where she shows how disgusted his kissing of her made her  her last scenes show she too could fall apart due to her health deteriorating  and her inability to keep any honest jobs . when howard rejects her the viewers fail to note how equally vicious he becomes  he asks what happened to her baby  she tells him the baby died and howard says brusquely that he is glad  which is hardly the response she expects  . in the end howard does finally get his life in order  but mildred ends a casualty  ironically her death discovered by her old boyfriend denny on a medical call  . the motion picture academy of arts and sciences did fail to nominate davis in      leading to the largest write  in campaign in it  s history  and a permanent change in it  s rules   but davis was established as a star . in one year she won the oscar as joyce heth in dangerous . and in two years she co  starred with howard again  as equal stars  in the petrified forrest .  
every motion picture bette davis stars in is worth experiencing . before davis co  stars with leslie howard in  of human bondage   she  d been in over a score of movies . legend has it that davis was  robbed  of a     oscar for her performance as a cockney  speaking waitress  unwed mother  manipulative boyfriend  user  mildred rogers . the story goes that the afi consoled davis by awarding her  st oscar for playing joyce heath in  dangerous .  i imagine davis  fans of  of human bondage  who agree with the oscar  robbing legend are going to have at my critique  s contrast of the     film for which the afi didn  t award her performance  the     film  dangerous   performance for which she received her  st oscar in     .  br    br   i  ve tried to view all of bette davis  motion pictures  tv interviews  videos  advertisements for wwii  tv performances in popular series . in hindsight  it is easy to recognize why this film   of human bondage   gave davis the opportunity to be nominated for her performance . she was only   yo when the film was completed  just about to reach hollywood  s red carpet . the public began to notice bette davis as a star because of her performance in  of human bondage .  that is what makes it her legendary performance . but  rko saw her greatness in  the man who played god    borrowed her from warners to play rogers .  br    br   i  m going to go with the afi  in hindsight  some   years after their astute decision to award davis her  st best actress oscar for  dangerous    years later . by doing so  the afi may have been instrumental in bringing out the very best in one of hollywood  s most talented   th century actors . because  from  of human bondage   onward  davis knew for certain that she had to reach deep inside of herself to find the performances that earned her the golden statue . doubtless  she deserved more than  oscars perhaps as many as  .  br    br    dangerous  provides an exemplary contrast in davis  depth of acting characterization . for  it  s in  dangerous        that she becomes the greatest actor of the   th century . davis is so good as joyce heath  she  s dead  center on the red carpet . whereas in  of human bondage   davis is right off the edge  still on the sidewalk  ready to take off on the rest of her   year acting career .  br    br   perhaps by not awarding her that legendary oscar in      instead of a star being born  an actor was given incentive to reach beyond stardom into her soul for the gifted actor  s greatest work .  br    br   it is well known that her contemporary peer adversary was joan crawford a star whose performances still don  t measure up to davis  . even anna nicole smith was a  star  . howard stern is a radio host  star   too . lots of people on stage  the silver screen are stars . few became great actors . the key difference between them is something that bette davis could sense the difference between the desire to do great acting or to become star  struck .  br    br   try comparing these two movies as i have  viewing one right after the other . maybe you  ll recognize what the afi  i did . davis was on the verge of becoming one of the greatest actors of the   th century at   yo  achieved her goal by the time she was   . she spent her next   plus years setting the bar so high that it has not been reached . . . yet .  br    br   had the afi sent her the message that she  d arrived in  of human bondage   davis  life history as a great actor may have been led into star  struck  dom  instead .  
coming shortly before the imposition of a morality code darkened the spirits of writers  directors and actors  the first film adaptation of w . somerset maugham  s  of human bondage  titillated countless moviegoers . it has no shock value today  just fine acting .  br    br   while the cast is excellent  this is bette davis  s first great role and one of leslie howard  s best performances . howard is english wannabe parisian artist philip carey who is gently and firmly told that he lacks any talent and that his dedication is no substitute for true genius . taking the lesson to heart he returns to london and enrolls in a medical college  one  by the way  that seems to have no female students  at that time there would have been at least a few . perhaps author  physician maugham didn  t care for distaff medicos  .  br    br   having tea one day carey is entranced by a waitress  mildred rogers  bette davis in a role as a morally loose and basically wicked farrago . her cockney accent is as sharp as eliza doolittle  s . his repeated attempts to date her are greeted with the less than enthusiastic reply   i don  t mind   a sure sign for any man with his head screwed on straight that he  s plumbing the depths . maugham  s mildred supplemented her waitress tips with a bit of old fashioned street  walking  something not clearly brought out here .  br    br   carey  s besotted prostration serves rogers  avaricious need for support of the financial kind . he is desperately in love with her  she plays him as a sunday church organist effortlessly plies her instrument . no sex here . recognizing that he is getting nowhere  he begins a chaste relationship with norah  a woman who adores him . re  enter mildred  replete with a baby  and in her usual need of being taken care of . exit heartbroken norah .  br    br   another separation from mildred and carey begins a long  term friendship with sally  abetted enthusiastically by her dad who seems to view eventual marriage as both a good thing for the two young people and a chance to be relieved of one of his nine offspring .  br    br   the movie reasonably but not entirely follows maugham  s excellent novel . howard  s carey is naive and vulnerable and for much of the movie his sad eyes remind one of a doe facing a double  barreled shotgun . mildred is unrestrainedly wicked  a user of the worst kind  her sole preoccupation with her own needs barely disguised when she tries to wheedle carey with a thin patina of affectionate words  and offers  at one point she promises she  ll do  anything he wants   a daring statement for the times and one i  m sure audiences fully understood .  br    br   pre  code it may be but mildred  s quick  march dissolution would have satisfied the league of catholic decency . the ending is conventional  sin loses  principled behavior triumphs .  br    br   director john cromwell wrought excellent performances from his two main stars  one well  established  the other established largely because of this film . the atmosphere is     s london and the trip back in time is worth taking .  br    br   available on dvd .  br    br        for davis  s and howard  s performances   
how amazing this film is  i  ve seen it over and over throughout the years and i  m always spellbound by it . the reason why the film is so easy to re  watch is  of course  the arresting performance given by the young bette davis . she not only steals every scene that she  s in  but is actually much prettier and better photographed here  not to mention sexier  than she was in any of the films that she had made thus far at her home studio  warner brothers  this film was made by r . k . o . radio pictures  . she wears a very flattering make  up and has very attractive hairstyles and oh  those lovely big eyes  especially  in the restaurant scenes that take place in london  s soho  . her body was so curvy when she was young . get a load of it in the cheap negligee that she wears for her big explosive confrontation scene with leslie howard . and oh boy  she is an absolute powerhouse in that scene . howard is a little too nervous throughout  but he does captures the hero  s sensitivity . frances dee scores as the sweet  pretty young sally who truly loves him . max steiner  s score is both charming and poignant . splendid performances and thirties flavor make this the must see version of the classic novel .  
several features of this film immediately date it . the sound is rather shrill and one realizes what great strides have been accomplished in sound reproduction in the ensuing years . the language of the dialogue is rather quaint and unnatural and the acting is still reminiscent of its transition from the stage techniques .  br    br   bette davis always gives a strong performance in all her films as she does in this early period of her very successful career . i do feel however that somehow the cockney accent does not fit the facial expression . i think it is the assumed cockney accent that does not ring true for me .  br    br   somerset maughan loves to delve into human relationships of great dramatic intensity which will please all movie  goers . as in so many of her character roles  bette davis can switch from a beautiful seductive woman to a viper full of fiery hatred . leslie howard is well cast as the withdrawn english artist with a club foot desperately seeking a partner and making a bad choice in a scheming little waitress .  br    br   towards the end of the film the young doctor meets his true love in a busy street . they cross through the traffic completely oblivious to a multitude of horns and whistles screaming at them . this scene is possibly meant to be funny  but i find it quite ridiculous in this otherwise very serious film . it is probably construed to send you home with a smile on your face . and after all as far as we can see  and hope for  it is a happy ending .  
this movie  even though it is over   years old is still a very moving  strong film . bette davis  as the slutty  vicious cockney waitress mildred is absolutely believable . watching her performance is still spellbinding . she makes the viewer absolutely despise her and pity her at the same time . leslie howard  s performance as the weak  obsessed phillip carey is not as strong  but i don  t see how any actor could hold their own against ms . davis  s performance . she chews up the scenery in every scene she is in  totally stealing the show . this is the movie that sealed her stardom and she deserved to win the academy award  but lost . it was shocking for it  s day what with themes of unwed pregnancy  multiple sex partners  and mildred  s vicious language so it is somewhat dated  but still an excellent movie . just to see the scene where mildred tells phillip what she really thinks of him   you cad  you dirty swine . . . .   is still some of the greatest acting i have ever seen on film .  
this movie does contradict the first one as far as the origins of the care bears and the care bear cousins goes . i won  t deny that . however  if you look at  part ii  as a separate film  then it  s a very good movie . i remember watching this in the early    s  and fitting into its targeted demographic audience then   and absolutely loving it much more than the first movie  not that i didn  t enjoy that one too  it  s just that this one seemed to have a little something extra to it  . sure it  s darker than the first one too  but perhaps maybe that  s why it  s so good . and it  s dark in deeper kind of subtle way too  that kids may not fully understand  but could still be a bit scared of because of the atmosphere it gives off  and adults watching will surely get quicker as i have now watching this film again now in my mid  twenties  where you basically have a young girl making a deal with an evil spirit  demon in exchange for something else . get the picture  but simply watching that as a child  sure as i said it may have been a little scary  but nothing traumatizing . in fact if anything it gave me another fantasy game i could play when i was that age . i can  t tell you the number of times i used to pretend dark heart wanted to imprison me  have me help him capture the care bears  tried to make me turn over to his dark side  and other things like that etc . so this movie was also good for my imagination . and it  s also got great emotional depth to it too . i used to watch it at least once a week .  br    br   also hadley kay was the perfect choice for the voice of dark heart  i always thought so and i always will  .  br    br   now it  s just too bad that they never made a soundtrack available . sometimes i just want to hear growing up without watching the movie  as good as it is .  br    br    what good is love and caring if it can  t save her    
spoiler alert w . somerset maugham classic on film about a love obsessed young man who  s abused hurt and humiliated by the object of his obsession to the point of losing everything he has only to find true love in the end under the most unusual circumstances .  br    br   leslie howard plays the role of philip carey a sensitive young artiest in paris trying to make a living by selling his paintings . told by a local art expert that his work is not at all good enough to be sold to the art going public philip decides to go back to his native england and study medicine and become a physician in order to help others .  br    br   philip being born with a club foot is very hypersensitive about his awkward condition and makes up for that by being a very pleasant and friendly person . one afternoon philip is at a local caf with a fellow medical student and spots pretty waitress mildred rogers  bette davis  and immediately falls in love with her . mildred at first rebuffs the love  sick philip but later realizing just what a sap he is takes advantage of his feelings for her . mildred has him spend himself into poverty buying her gifts and taking her out to the theater every time she off from work . phlip also falls behind on his studies  by paying so much attention towards mildred  at the medical university and fails his final exams .  br    br   going into hock buying an engagement ring for mildred in an attempt to ask for her hand in marriage the cold hearted mildred tells the startled philip that she  s already engaged to be married to emil miller  alan hale . it turns out that he  s one of the customers at the caf that she  s always flirting with .  br    br   philip broke and heart  sick slowly get his life back together and later retakes his medical exam and passes it and at the same time finds a new love in nora  fay johnson  a writer for a local love magazine . later to philip  s shock and surprise mildred walks back into his life .  br    br   mildred telling philip that her husband emil  who  s child she  s carrying  threw her out of the house has the kind and understanding philip take her back at the expense of nora who was very much in love with him . it later turns out that mildred wasn  t married to emil but had a child out of wedlock by having an illicit affair with him  emil it turns out was already married .  br    br   as before mildred takes advantage of philip  s kind heart for her and her baby daughter  where he supports them with food medical attention and shelter  to the point where he again goes broke and can  t continue his studies ending with her leaving philip after having a very heated and emotional encounter with him . out on the streets with nowhere to go philip is taken in by mr . athanly  reginald owens  who he once treated at the hospital and falls in love with his daughter sally  frances dee .  br    br   later philip has his club foot corrected at the medical center and with the help of mr . athenly gets back to being a doctor . it  s then when he encounters mildred again who  s really at the end of her rope . dying of tuberculosis and having lost her daughter she  s all alone with no one to look after her . philip now well to do and respected in medical circles does all he can to help the sick and poor mildred but in the end she succumbed to her illness and passes away .  br    br   mildred had the love and devotion in philip all those years that he was in love with her but choose to abuse him and have affairs with man who were just like her  cold unfeeling and selfish . in the end mildred got back just what she gave to the kind and sensitive philip she became both unloved and alone . philip found in the sweet and caring sally everything that mildred wasn  t and in the end also found the true love that he was looking for all of his life .  
of the three remakes on w . somerset maughan  s novel  this one is the best one  and not particularly because what john cromwell brought to the film . the film is worth a look because of the break through performance by bette davis  who as mildred rogers  showed the film industry she was a star . finally  her struggles with jack warner and his studio paid off royally .  br    br   the film is dominated by mildred from the start . we realize from the beginning that mildred doesn  t care for philip and never will . she doesn  t hide her contempt for this kind soul that has fallen in love with the wrong woman . he will be humiliated by mildred again  and again  as she makes no bones about what she really is .  br    br   poor philip carey  besides of being handicap  is a man who is weak . when he tries to cling onto mildred  she rejects him . it is when mildred returns to him  when she is frail and defeated  that he rises to the occasion  overcoming his own dependency on this terrible woman who has stolen his will and his manhood .  br    br   bette davis gives a fantastic portrayal of mildred . this was one of her best roles and she ran away with it . her disgust toward the kind philip is clear from the onset of their relationship . when she tells him she washes her mouth after he kisses her is one of the most powerful moment in the movie . leslie howard underplayed philip and makes him appear even weaker than he is . frances dee  reginald denny  alan hale and reginald owen  are seen in minor roles .  br    br   this is bette davis show  and don  t you forget it   
after   movies and three years of working in hollywood bette davis finally got a role she claimed as her own and which put her as a force to be reckoned with . as mildred rogers  davis burst forth with a completely unsympathetic role of a slutty waitress who becomes the target of leslie howard  s affections  and already eager to sink her teeth into a role like this  she had no qualms of the awful things her character was meant to do throughout the course of the film and the awful transformation she would undergo . it also has been widely noted that her performance here  one of the few things that makes this slightly uneven movie watchable  has been the one to remember even after two remakes and the scenes where she rips into howard have made cinema history .  br    br   at circa   minutes  the story moves at a nice pace  telling the story of philip carey  howard  as his life crosses that of the destructive mildred rogers over and over again .  br    br   howard and davis  chemistry is all but non  existent   davis sustained in an interview much later in life she personally didn  t care much for howard  s iciness towards her and that helped her act even worse  in character  towards him as mildred . all the same  the two seem awkward with one another their scenes together remain stiff  only salvaged by the ferocious acidity davis brings to her lines and her own nervous presence . then again  cromwell  s direction has a certain stiltedness about itself that fails to come through at times   he tries to fill in some space  whenever davis is not there  with dissolves and montages indicating the passing of time  a calendar superimposed over a changing frances dee  . all much in the style back then . this was before technicalities and complicated camera angles came into being  and in essence  the visual story is a simplified  bare essentials translation of the somerset maugham  s novel   which is saying a lot  since at    pages   of human bondage  would have been indeed hard to film even then .  br    br   storywise  it feels that philip carey may be something of a glutton for punishment  since there is no discernible  sexual attraction between he and mildred and to compound that  mildred never hides her displeasure from the get  go . howard  s performance never seems to go through much external emotion   his eyes are constantly sad  his expression never veers too far away from lost  he could almost be a distant cousin to william hurt in  the accidental tourist    dejected  hurt  and absolutely passive   but this is possibly a part of his character and the reason he fails to see that other women  played by kay johnson and frances dee  are making themselves vulnerable to unrequited affections . interestingly  johnson  s norah  once she realizes carey will never fall for her  is the one who sums the story up with her observation that people are bound to other people   she is bound to carey as carey is bound to mildred  and mildred herself is bound to miller  or men who fit the role of provider  . in her short but memorable scene  she  s the one who holds the essence of the story  s moral .  
brilliant film  the next best film to the drunken master  jackie chan  . i recently bought it on an original vhs and i haven  t seen this film for   years but still as good as it was back then . the acting was terrible and the dubbing was even worse but it those features that make this film  and many other old fashioned chinese kung  fu movies  great . the choreography is awesome and the storyline is basic . i have never seen the   th chamber of shaolin but know it is the same film but gordon liu plays san te but san te in thr return to the   th chamber is played by a different character . it has a lot of comedy value and brilliant kung  fu .  
i thought this would be a sequel to the original    th chamber of shaolin  but actually it  s more of a light  hearted  sister  to the original . gordon liu still stars as a would  be hero on a quest to learn kung fu to defeat those pesky manchus . . . but this time around it  s lighter and more comedic . the film centres around the local dye mill  where wages are cut due to the hiring of   new manchurian bosses . liu plays  chao   who is able to fool the mill bosses into thinking he is a shaolin monk possessing almost magical kung fu skill . but his luck runs out  he is exposed as a fraud  and he promises the mill workers that he will go to the shaolin monastery to learn kung fu  and return to protect them .  br    br   the comedy really begins at the monastery where chao makes several bungling attempts to get accepted . this sets up lots of really funny moments  and lots of great fight choreography . continuing in the    th chamber  tradition we see all kinds of neat and interesting  and supremely hokey  training methods at the monastery as well as creative uses of wooden benches as weapons .  br    br   also unique and of note is the blending of kung fu and the craft of bamboo scaffold building . chao is not accepted as a student at shaolin but is made to build bamboo scaffolding for the    year restoration  of the monastery . on the dvd i bought there is a special on bamboo scaffold building and the inspiration that director lau kar  leung drew from it . this is a craft many hundreds  perhaps thousands  of years old  and in hong kong scaffolding is still built of bamboo even on large high  rises  though the west exclusively uses steel tubes and clamps . as a result of his scaffolding work  chao develops a special style of kung fu . . . when asked what kind it is  he hilariously replies  scaffolding kung fu    which he first tests during a dust  up with the monastery  s abbot . in the final confrontation with the manchus  there is a dazzling array of creative uses for bamboo poles and ties .  br    br   from a comedy perspective  i think it  s one of the best of the kung fu genre . as a kung fu film in general  it also stands out . . . i recommend it to anyone   
i saw this movie once on late night t . v . and knew it was the best movie ever . this is one of the few kung  fu movies with a decent plot . the progression of the main character is seamless . the whole movie is great   
return to the   th chamber is one of those classic kung  fu movies which shaw produces back in the   s and   s  whose genre is equivalent to the spaghetti westerns of hollywood  and the protagonist gordon liu  the counterpart to the western  s clint eastwood . digitally remastered and a new print made for the fantastic film fest  this is  presented in shaw scope   just like the good old days .  br    br   this film is a simple story of good versus evil  told in  acts  which more or less sums up the narrative of martial arts films in that era .  br    br   act one sets up the premise . workers in a dye  mill of a small village are unhappy with their lot  having their wages cut by    by incoming manchu gangsters . they can  t do much about their exploitation because none of them are martial arts skilled to take on the gangsters  and their boss . at first they had a minor success in getting liu to impersonate a highly skilled shaolin monk  one of the best comedy sequences   but their rouse got exposed when they pushed the limit of credibility by impersonating one too many times .  br    br   act two shows the protagonist wanting to get back at the mob . however  without real martial arts  he embarks on a journey to shaolin temple  to try and infiltrate and learn martial arts on the sly . after some slapstick moments  he finally gets accepted by the abbot  whom he impersonated   but is disappointed at the teaching methods  kinda like mr miyagi  s style in karate kid  but instead of painting fences  he gets to erect scaffoldings all around the temple . nothing can keep a good man down  and he unwittingly builds strength  endurance and learns kung  fu the unorthodox way .  br    br   act three is where the fight fest begins . with cheesy sound effects  each obvious non  contact on film is given the maximum impact treatment . but it is rather refreshing watching the fight scenes here  with its wide angled shots to highlight clarity and detail between the sparring partners  and the use of slow  motion only to showcase stunts in different angles . you may find the speed of fights a tad too slow  with some pause in between moves  but with yuen wo ping and his style being used ad  nausem in hollywood flicks  they sure don  t make fight scenes like they used to  return to the   th chamber gets a repeat screening on monday  so  if you  re game for a nostalgic trip down memory lane  what are you waiting for   
return to the  th chamber is the comedic sequel to the epic   th chamber of shaolin  in which gordon liu played shan te  a young man who became a monk and awesome fighter . in this sequel liu plays a hapless loser who has to learn kung fu after causing his friends to be beaten . he imitates the original shan te  tries all manner of tricks to get into shaolin temple to learn and eventually gets some unique skills to fight some bullying bosses . its a classic light hearted martial arts tale  with the ace production values of the shaw brothers and the sure footed direction of lui chia liang . the choreography is fantastic throughout  whether for fighting or slapstick comedy and gordon liu  s performance  as are the others  particularly the sympathetic monk work perfectly for the material . the film is less epic or profound than some of the stars other work and there are certainly grander  more violent and sweeping shaw brothers films . but few have such a magical blend of slapstick  unique training and fighting  with a subtle yet warming tale of a useless guy making good . full of light hearted joy  its impossible not to give this the highest score .  
this movie has a lot of comedy  not dark and gordon liu shines in this one . he displays his comical side and it was really weird seeing him get beat up . his training is  unorthodox  and who would  ve thought knot tying could be so deadly   lots of great stunts and choreography . very creative   br    br   add johnny wang in the mix and you  ve got an awesome final showdown  don  t mess with manchu thugs they  re ruthless   
i agree with another user here and have to say that this is one of the best kung fu movies ever  i watched this as a kid and absolutely loved it  the scaffolding scenes are brilliant and you can really empathise with this guy because he is treated as an outcast . nice humour and fantastic kung fu this movie rocks  if you like kung fu you would love this     
it all started with true heart bear  noble heart horse get the club to safety . noble heart horse meet dawn  john  took them to see true heart bear . later  the care meter went down more  true heart bear  noble heart horse check to see if it dark heart but they can  t go unless the club at care for so they ask dawn  john to care for the club . after true heart bear  noble heart horse come back  they send dawn  john back to camp . than the club  cousin bears have grown up to get ready to fight dark heart . at the end  dark heart kidnap all the care bear  the kids  dawn  john  have to tell christy that dark heart is evil . than they work to together to save the care bears . later  true heart bear  noble heart horse found out it dark heart shadow  return to care land to find that their gone . the kids  dawn  john   christy  come but they was not powerful to stop dark heart . true heart bear  noble heart horse come to help dawn  john   christy to free the other care bears but christy got in the way  was hit by dark heart magic . than dark heart saw christy got hit  stop fighting the care bear in order to help her but he can  t because dark heart  himself  don  t have the power of caring to save christy . the care bears  the kids help dark heart save christy . now dark heart starting to care  became a real boy to fall in love with christy . dark heart is now a real boy  help out christy to work out in camp .  br    br   this is a great move ever  the best care bears movie i ever seeing .  br    br   i like all the care bears movies  i can  t wait to see  care bears big wish movie        .  br    br   who like this movie   
this movie is one of the many  kung fu  action films made in asia in the late    s  early    s  full of cheap sound effects  dubbed dialog and lightning fast martial arts action . but unlike most films of this genre it also has a decent plot and lots of great comedy . when workers of a dye factory are forced out of their jobs by manchu bullies  they hire a con  artist  gordon liu  to try to scare them off . when his attempt fails miserably  he cons his way into a shaolin temple to learn to fight for real . but instead of making him a kung  fu student  the master instead orders him to build a scaffolding to cover the roofs of all   chambers . well  it turns out that while he  s performing these menial tasks  stacking and tying bamboo poles  that he  s learning the skills to be a kung  fu expert  it  s sort of like in karate kid when mr . miagi teaches daniel the basics of karate by having him do routine household chores   wax on  wax off  et cetera . there  s lots of great comedy from beginning to end  and plenty of action at the end when gordon liu once again faces his manchu tormentors .  this time it  s not just tricks  it  s the real thing   liu declares  proudly thumping his chest . if you like classic kung fu films you don  t want to miss this one   
this is simply the epitome of what a made for tv movie should be . it was a lazy sunday afternoon when my wife and i were in grad school that we stumbled upon this . the cheesy acting . the poorly written script . the good ol  boys . the ridiculous  yet somehow obvious  clich  and banal premise . the riding in pickup trucks with your propped  up wife  corpse . it has it all .  br    br   you will meet familiar characters gold  digging hussy  stupid rich boy who wants to make it on his own  friends  who  know  better  daddy who knows better but drives son away . and the wife  corpse . propped up . in a pick  up .  br    br   wow and the title . several things in our lives have been  texas tragedies  since watching this beauty . everyone involved in its creation deserves a medal .  
i just saw this movie on hbo  and it was really good . . . a tragic love story indeed  i really appreciated the fact that the guy at the heart of the story had lost the use of his legs in an accident . it  s rare to see a love story involving someone who is physically handicapped . the love that developed between that character and the woman who comes into his life nicely portrayed how i  d like to think love can heal someone  s heart . laura leighton . . . all of   when she made this movie . . . was great as the woman so full of life she  s able to revive this guy  s heart . unfortunately  since his family is wealthy and her  s is not   problems  develop .  br    br   it  s playing on hbo some more times this month . check out the schedule here  http   www . hbo . com  apps  schedule  scheduleservlet  action  detaildetailfocus  id        
this was a very good movie i wished i could find it in vhs to buy  i really enjoyed this movie i would definaetly recommend this movie to watch i would like to see it again but can never find it in tv  it would be well worth the time to watch it again  
yes  a tap dancing horror thriller . . . . . . . . with shelley and debbie  goody goody . this is demented and campy fun and part of the guignol cycle of the   s that leaked into the   s . released as a double feature with the burt reynolds comedy fuzz this mad scare is so bonkers as to be throughly entertaining . like a mix of day of the locust  the other and baby jane  i suggest any prospective viewer take on the idea that this is almost meant to be skew  iff and sit with someone with whom you can shriek and elbow all through it . actually  get drunk whilst you watch it . . . . . on cheap champagne . again  with many   s film ideas they are also about delusion the struggle of the time for a better life getting bitter and twisted by emotional madness falling into murder . but this one is just plain crazy . it also reminds me a lot of bloody mama the de niro  winters shlock fest that makes this film look positively glorious .  
i had watched  and recorded  this a few years back on local tv and  having been underwhelmed by it  i subsequently erased the tape however  when it was released by mgm as part of a  midnite movie  double  feature dvd of curtis harrington  shelley winters films for a very affordable price  i couldn  t resist giving it a second look  this has since gone out  of  print  . actually  i received the dvd a few months ago but only now  with harrington  s passing  did i get to it thankfully  this time around i was more receptive to the film and  in fact  now consider it one of the more satisfying whatever happened to baby jane        imitations  with whom  incidentally  it shared screenwriter henry farrell  .  br    br   the film offers a splendid evocation of     s depression america  with its child  star craze and sensational murders  exploited during the fake newsreel opening   it  s stylishly made  kudos to lucien ballard  s cinematography and the set design by eugene lourie   and boasts an effective david raksin score . shelley winters  debbie reynolds and michael macliammoir deliver excellent performances the latter is especially impressive as the larger  than  life and vaguely sinister diction coach  though he ultimately proves a mere red herring   . also featured are dennis weaver and agnes moorehead  hers is only a cameo  really  as the evangelist she plays is mostly heard over the radio  .  br    br   many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by the kids  including an amusing mae west imitation   but i personally wasn  t bothered by them the film does slightly overstay its welcome due to an unhurried pace and  perhaps needlessly  convoluted plot . reynolds  a musical star herself  is ideally cast as the dancing  school owner and  despite their on  set rivalry  she and winters work well together . the latter  in fact  gives a more balanced depiction of paranoia and insanity than in whoever slew auntie roo         the narrative  then  comes up with a number of ironic twists that lead up to the expected grand guignol  type denouement . apparently  the film was toned down  it originally contained more gore and even a suggestion of lesbianism   by producer martin ransohoff  against harrington  s wishes  in order to get a pg rating . . .  
some of the background details of this story are based  very  very loosely  on real events of the era in which this was placed . the story combines some of the details of the famous leopold and loeb case along with a bit of aimee semple mcpherson .  br    br   the story begins with two mothers  shelley winters and debbie reynolds  being hounded as they leave a courtroom . the crowd seems most intent on doing them bodily harm as their sons were just convicted of a heinous thrill crime . one person in the crowd apparently slashes winters  hand as they make their way to a waiting car .  br    br   soon after they arrive home  they begin getting threatening phone calls  so reynolds suggests they both move to the west coast together and open a dance school . the dance school is s success and they cater to incredibly obnoxious parents who think their child is the next shirley temple . one of the parents of these spoiled kids is a multimillionaire who is quite smitten with reynolds and they begin dating . life appears very good . but  when the threatening phone calls begin again  winters responds by flipping out   behaving like she  s nearing a psychotic break and she retreats further and further into religion   listening on the radio to  sister alma  almost constantly . again and again  you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things   i won  t say more  as it might spoil this suspenseful and interesting film .  br    br   in many ways  this film is a lot like the bette davis and joan crawford horror films of the     s like  whatever happened to baby jane     straight  jacket  and  the nanny  . while none of these are exactly intellectual fare  on a kitsch level they are immensely entertaining and fun . the writing is very good and there are some nice twists near the end that make it all very exciting . winters is great as a fragile and demented lady and reynolds plays one of the sexiest   year  olds i  ve ever seen   plus she can really  really dance .  br    br   my only concern about all this is that some might find winters  hyper  religiosity in the film a bit tacky   like a cheap attack on christianity . at first i felt that way  but when you meet sister alma  she seems sincere and is not mocked  so i took winters  religious zeal as just a sign of craziness   which  i assume  is all that was intended .  br    br   by the way  this film is packaged along with  whoever slew auntie roo     another shelley winters horror film from     . both are great fun . . . and quite over  the  top   
the     s . classy  elegant adele  marvelously played with dignified resolve by debbie reynolds  and batty  frumpy helen  the magnificent shelley winters going full  tilt wacko with her customary histrionic panache  are the mothers of two killers . they leave their seamy pasts in the midwest behind and move to hollywood to start their own dance school for aspiring kid starlets . adele begins dating dashing millionaire lincoln palmer  the always fine dennis weaver  . on the other hand  religious fanatic helen soon sinks into despair and madness .  br    br   director curtis   night tide    ruby   harrington  working from a crafty script by henry farrell  who wrote the book  whatever happened to baby jane   was based on and co  wrote the screenplay for  hush . . . hush  sweet charlotte    adeptly concocts a complex and compelling psychological horror thriller about guilt  fear  repression and religious fervor running dangerously amok . the super cast have a ball with their colorful roles michael macliammoir as a pompous elocution teacher  agnes moorehead as a stern fire  and  brimstone radio evangelist  yvette vickers as a snippy  overbearing mother of a bratty wannabe child star  logan ramsey as a snoopy detective  and timothy carey as a creepy bum . an elaborate talent recital set piece with pamelyn ferdin  the voice of lucy in the  peanuts  tv cartoon specials  serving as emcee and original  friday the   th  victim robbi morgan doing a wickedly bawdy dead  on mae west impression qualifies as a definite highlight . david raskin  s spooky score  a fantastic scene with reynolds performing an incredible tango at a posh restaurant  the flavorsome depression  era period atmosphere  lucien ballard  s handsome cinematography  and especially the startling macabre ending are all likewise on the money excellent and effective . mgm presents this terrific gem on a nifty dvd doublebill with  whoever slew auntie roo    both pictures are presented in crisp widescreen transfers along with their theatrical trailers .  
well  here  s another terrific example of awkward    s film  making  the rudimentary premise of  what  s the matter with helen   is quite shocking and disturbing  but it  s presented in such a stylish and sophisticated fashion  in the hands of any other movie crew  this certainly would have become a nasty and gritty exploitation tale  but with director curtis harrington   whoever slew auntie roo    and scriptwriter henry farrell   hushhushsweet charlotte   in charge  it became a beautiful and almost enchanting mixture of themes and genres . the basic plot of the film is definitely horrific  but there  s a lot more to experience  like love stories  a swinging      s atmosphere and a whole lot of singing and tap  dancing  the setting is unquestionably what makes this movie so unique . we  re literally catapulted back to the      s  with a sublime depiction of that era  s music  religion  theatrical business and wardrobes . following the long and exhausting trial that sentenced their sons to life  imprisonment for murder  adelle  debbie reynolds  and helen  shelley winters  flee to california and attempt to start a new life running a dance school for young talented girls . particularly adelle adapts herself perfectly to the new environment  as she falls in love with a local millionaire  but poor old helen continues to sink in a downwards spiral of insanity and paranoia . she only listens to the ramblings of a radio  evangelist  fears that she will be punished for the crimes her son committed and slowly develops violent tendencies . the script  although not entirely without flaws  is well written and the film is adequately paced . there  s never a dull moment in  what  s the matter with helen   although the singing  tap  dancing and tango sequences are quite extended and much unrelated to the actual plot . but the atmosphere is continuously ominous and the film definitely benefices from the terrific acting performance of shelley winters . she  s downright scary as the unpredictable and introvert lady who  s about to snap any second and  especially during the last ten minutes or so  she looks more petrifying than all the freddy kruegers  jason voorhees  and michael myers  combined  there are several terrific supportive characters who are  sadly  a little underdeveloped and robbed from their potential  like michal macliammir as the cocky elocution teacher  agnes moorehead as the creepy priestess and timothy carey as the obtrusive visitor to the ladies  house . there are a couple of surprisingly gruesome scenes and moments of genuine shock to enjoy for the grand guignol fanatics among us  but particularly the set pieces and costume designs  even nominated for an oscar   are breathtaking .  
  after their sons are sentenced to life in prison  adelle  debbie reynolds  and helen  shirley winters  begin receiving threatening phone calls because someone fells their sons got off easy . the pair decides to move to california to escape the publicity of the trial and to start a new life . they start a dance school that is soon very successful . one of the students has a rich unmarried father with whom adelle quickly falls in love . in the meantime  helen is busy raising rabbits and becoming a little too infatuated with an evangelist on the radio . it  s only a mater of time before everything falls apart and the women enter a world of madness and murder .  br    br    i can  t help but compare what  s the matter with helen  to whoever slew auntie roo   also starring shelly winters . where that movie seemed almost restrained in its presentation of auntie roo  s madness  there  s nothing holding helen back in this movie . it may take a good deal of the movie  s running time  but once she snaps  helen is one bad mad mutha . you don  t want to mess with her . winters is so delightfully demented that it was impossible for me not to enjoy her performance . i  m not going to spoil the movie  but the things helen is capable of are totally over  the  top .  br    br    as good as winters is  reynolds is totally ridiculous in her role as the gold  digging tap dancer . i got the impression that she thought she was in a movie that would get her nominated for some award . this ain  t citizen kane  quit acting so serious . hey  debbie  don  t you realize that you  re main purpose is to be a victim of winters  insanity .  br    br    i just love these former  female  stars  in  the  twilight  of  their  career horror movies . what  s the matter with helen  is as fun as any .  
this is my favorite of the three care bears movies . once again i liked all the songs . the big problem however as most people have pointed out was that this story contradicts the original . for those that saw the first movie recall the bears met their  cousins  who they apparently never knew about . it wasn  t of course until the end that the cousins received their tummy symbols after proving how much they cared . in this story however the cousins grow up with the care bears and have tummy symbols all along . that being said this isn  t a bad movie as long you keep it separate from the first . i thought the darkheart character much more evil then the nicholas of the first . but at the same time i felt it added a sort of balance to the sweetness of the care bears . i also liked the we care part at the end  although i know other people had mixed feelings about that scene . and of course i loved the songs . my favorites being growing up and forever young . the care bears movies have always had such good songs . ten stars for a very good movie .  
a vastly underrated black comedy  the finest in a series of grand guignol movies to follow  baby jane  . reynolds and winters are mothers of young convicted murderers  a nod to  compulsion   who run away to hide in hollywood . they run a school for would  be movie tots  a bunch of hilariously untalented kids attended by awful stage moms . debbie  in her blonde wig   i  m a harlow  you  re more a marion davies  she tells winters  leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad  weaver . she also does a deliciously funny tango and  over all  gives an outstanding performance  unlike anything she  d done before . the atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie . it looks wonderful with great period detail     s  . lots of lovely swipes at hollywood and the terrifying movie tot . micheal macliammoir has a ball as the drama coach  hamilton starr   he purrs   two r  s but prophetic nonetheless  . see it and love it .  
from the writer of  what ever happened to baby jane   and  hush . . hush  sweet charlotte   this tail  end of the sixties horror cycle has some eerie and campy fun . michel macliammir does a victor buono  type bit  but too often the movie totters dangerously close to a bad musical . . . there  s a particularly awful children  s recital about halfway through . debbie taps  tangos and tricks up a l harlow  while winters  religious fanatic has a lesbian edge to her . agnes moorehead checks in as an evangelist . weaver has nothing to do  and even has to pay a gigolo to dance with debbie .  
the most bizarre of the cinematic sub  genres is the so called  the great ladies of the grand guignol   camp horror films which combined over  the  top melodrama with gothic thrills and always starred by seasoned and almost forgotten actress from hollywood golden age in unflattering roles of either long suffering victims or screeching evil harpies . this genre provided them with an unusual acting showcase that allowed strut their stuff on the screen once again and win new generations of fans at expense of their glamorous images from yesterday .  br    br    what  s the matter with helen  is the last drop of this sub  genre with stunning performances of both debbie reynolds and shelley winters as the troubled mothers of two convicted criminals who run away from their past to the sunny california in the     s to open a talent school to milk out the eagerly mothers who want their daughters to be the next shirley temple . in california  debbie gets happiness  clients  tango  tap dancing and a new love interest  dennis weaver meanwhile shelley gets wacko with horrible flashbacks  menacing anonymous calls  menacing strangers  menacing agnes moorehead as a radio evangelist  cute little rabbits    and an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan  ouch   .  br    br   the sloppy script  penned by henry farrell  the man who started all this genre with  whatever happened to baby jane  along with master director robert aldrich  joan crawford and bette davis  is full of plot holes  red herrings and wasted opportunities that could had made this movie great the underlying themes of twisted motherhood  with debbie and shelley  s characters as  failed mothers  and the overbearing mommies of the child stars  and obsessive female bonding  debbie and shelley relationship and the fact that the few male characters of this movie are either sinister or sleazy even dennis weaver dream boat texan  are wasted . instead we get debbie reynolds musicals interludes and dancing tots  although fun to watch take too much screen time of what is supposedly to be a psychological chiller . but still this movie is highly entertaining . the two stars and curtis harrington stylish direction easily overcomes its flaws . the movie recreation of the      s is colorful and elegant  look at debbie  s clothes   made with a very tight budget . the increasing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is genuinely creepy with a shocking finale that will haunt you for days . and you wouldn  t easily forget that silly  goody  goody  song that runs through the movie either . and seeing an increasingly mad shelley winters screw every one of debbie reynolds  chances at happiness is a hoot to watch   br    br    out of   .  
i found the film quite expressive  the way the main character was lost but at the same much more clear about certain things in life than people who mocked him  his flatmate for example  .  br    br   he was tortured and you loved to watch him being tortured  it had this perverted side which was frightening but we were all happy to see him come out of the misery again .  br    br   it was like a game character or pan  man through a mine  land or to enemy and we love to watch him under sniper attack or fire but then at the end we are happy to see him survive . . .  br    br   .  
in a year of pretentious muck like  synecdoche  new york  a film born out of charlie kaufman  s own self  indulgence  comes a film that is similarly hard to watch but about three times as important .  frownland  is a labor of love by the crew  the actors and the filmmaker  shot over years by friends . it traces a man who cannot communicate through his thoroughly authentic  real brooklyn world . the people that you see are a step beyond even the stylization of the  mumblecore  movement . they are real people  painfully trapped in their own self  contained neuroses  unwilling to change  unable . the real world to them is their own set of delusions and because this is a film about people who are so profoundly out of touch  it is very difficult to watch . it is   mm film  making without proper light  money or any of the other factors that would make a film  slick   but its honesty can not be understated  a fact that would cause a room full of people to dismiss it and for richard linklater to give it an award as he did at sxsw . this does remind of films like  naked  or the best of the  mumblecore  . it is a film that is not for everyone  but one that challenges you to watch and grows on you the longer you think about it .  
frownland is like one of those intensely embarrassing situations where you end up laughing out loud at exactly the wrong time and just at the moment you realize you shouldn  t be laughing  you  ve already reached the pinnacle of voice resoundness and as you look around you at the ghostly white faces with their gaping wide  open mouths and glazen eyes  you feel a piercing ache beginning in the pit of your stomach and suddenly rushing up your throat and . . . well  you get the point .  br    br   but for all its unpleasantness and punches in the face  frownland  really is a remarkable piece of work that  after viewing the inarticulate mess of a main character and all his pathetic troubles and mishaps  makes you want to scratch your own eyes out and at the same time  you feel sickenly sorry for him .  br    br   it would have been a lot easier for me to simply walk out of ronald bronstein  s film  but for some insane reason  i felt an unwavering determination to stay the course and experience all the grainy irritation the film has to offer . if someone sets you on fire  you typically want to put it out stop  drop  and roll  but with this film  you want to watch the flame slowly engulf your entire body . you endure the pain   perhaps out of spite  or some unknown masochistic curiosity i can  t even begin to attempt to explain .  br    br   unfortunately  mainstream cinema will never let this film come to a theater near you . but if you get a chance to catch it  prepare yourself bring a doggie bag .  
a very strange and compelling movie . it  s about a very awkward and tightly wound man who attempts to navigate his life as a door  to  door fundraiser  salesman . the director was able to capture a very unnerving tone that really served the story well . original and unsettling while also finding a great deal of humor in the pain that accompanies life . there is a sequence at a testing facility that really stood out and made me laugh out loud which is not something i do as frequently as i should . one of the more memorable films i  ve seen in a long while . hasn  t left my mind and i look forward to future efforts by bronstein . fantastic performances all around . the simple line  i really appreciate it .  is now iconic to me .  
what happens when someone has so much social anxiety that they cease to function  how alone can one man get  when the mundane crap we have to do in order to be part of society gets to be too much  what happens  frownland explores these questions . definitely a startling original debut from bronstein . the tone is strange and claustrophobic as we get inside the mind of a guy named keith that is so messed up he can hardly form a proper sentence . we follow him around as he tries to make contact with people and function day to day . most of us have known people like this  people that say  sorry  too much or  i appreciate it  when there  s nothing to appreciate . so we know there are people out there like this but why would someone want to make a movie about them  well  because its interesting and bronstein and the lead actor  dore mann  do an excellent job . this film is about as un  commercial as a film can get . a few friends filmed it over the course of a few years as they saved money . it was shot on   mm and the scratched film look is beautifully low budget . with no distributer  this may be a tough one to find  i think it  s been screening randomly for the past year or so . hopefully it  ll be on dvd at some point . i saw it at the silent movie theater here in la . there were   people in the audience  among them crispin glover  if that tells you anything about how weird this movie is . highly recommended .  
  a guy thing  may not be a classic  but it sure is a good  funny comedy . the plot focuses on paul  jason lee   who wakes up the morning after his bachelor party with no memory and becky  julia stiles  lying naked in his bed . before he can figure out what happened  he rushes becky out of his apartment because his fiance karen  selma blair  is coming . after that  as you could imagine  chaos ensues .  br    br   almost every single scene in  a guy thing  delivers loud laughs . the funniest moments come from when paul imagines what could happen if he tells karen . selma blair is a truly talented comedian  and the worst thing about this film is that she goes underused . although  she turns out to be more funny than stiles  character  who actually isn  t that interesting . of course  not every comedy is perfect .  br    br   as i said   a guy thing  is no classic  but it  s not bad either      .  
on the night of his bachelor party  paul coleman  jason lee  meets the gorgeous dancer becky  julia stiles  in the bar  they drink a lot together and in the next morning  he wakes up with her on the bed . his future mother  in  law calls him and informs that his fiance karen  selma blair  might be arriving in his apartment  and he desperately asks becky to leave his place in a hurry . sooner  he finds that her has crabs  and later  in the preparation of his wedding dinner party  he realizes that becky is the cousin of karen . this is the beginning of a very funny comedy  with hilarious situations . the first attraction of this movie certainly is the central trio of actresses and actor . julia stiles and selma blair  who are excellent actresses and extremely gorgeous  and jason lee  who is amazingly funny  have good performances . i laughed a lot along the story  but there are some scenes that are really hilarious . for example  when paul finds becky in his bed when he finds her paints his imagination in many situations in the drugstore  trying to buy and get explanations about the crab medicine most of the scenes of his neighbor  the minister when karen calls the department store or when the police finds a suspect of assaulting paul . i could number many other scenes  but better off the reader rent or buy this movie and have lots of fun . my vote is seven .  br    br   title  brazil    louco por elas    crazy for them    
as a child i preferred the first care bear movie since this one seemed so dark . i always sat down and watched the first one . as i got older i learned to prefer this one . what i do think is that this film is too dark for infants  but as you get older you learn to treasure it since you understand it more  it doesn  t seem as dark as it was back when you were a child .  br    br   this movie  in my opinion  is better than the first one  everything is so much deeper . it may contradict the first movie but you must ignore the first movie to watch this one . the cubs are just too adorable  i rewind that  flying my colors  scene . i tend to annoy everyone by singing it .  br    br   the sound track is great  a big hand to carol and dean parks . i love every song in this movie  i have downloaded them all and is all i am listening to  i  m listening to  our beginning  also known as  recalling  at the moment . i have always preferred this sound track to the first one  although i just totally love carol kings song in the first movie  care  a  lot  .  br    br   i think the animation is great  the animation in both movies are fantastic . i was surprised when i sat down and watched it about   years later and saw that the animation for the time was excellent . it was really surprising .  br    br   there is not a lot of back up from other people to say that this movie is great  but it is . i do not think it is weird  strange . i think it is a wonderful movie .  br    br   basically  this movie is about how the care bears came about and to defeat the demon  dark heart . the end is surprising and again  beats any  pokemon movie  with the care bears moral issues . it leaves an effect on you . again this movie can teach everyone at all ages about morality .  
romantic comedies can really go either way  you know  you  ll see one that  s really sappy  and you  ll think you want something more realistic . then  you  ll see one that  s realistic  but it might be too dull to keep you interested . or maybe you  ll see one that does everything right  but just fails to make you smile . romantic comedies are tough movies . you go into them with a lot of expectations  and usually  whether you like it is simply a matter of whether the filmmakes was anticipating your expectations or those of the guy or girl next to you .  br    br   of course  if you  ve got a girl next to you  and you  re a guy like me  it probably doesn  t matter all that much whether the movie  s any good  you  ve got other things on your mind . for you  i say   go get her  tiger   for the rest of us  i say   see  a guy thing  .  it  s a lot of fun .  br    br   because  a guy thing  knows you  re going in to this movie with expectations  so it doesn  t pretend that its  guy about to get married meets the woman of his dreams  and it  s not his wife   plot is going to make everyone happy . sure  maybe you like it  but maybe it doesn  t ring true  or you think it  s cruel .  a guy thing  covers that . what  a guy thing  does is fill the screen with the best supporting cast i  ve seen in a long time  so if you don  t the main plotline  you  ve still got something to make you smile .  br    br   whether we  re talking about the seasoned veterans of big and small screen  like larry miller  pretty woman  best in show   james brolin  traffic   julie hagerty  airplane    david koechner  saturday night live and conan o  brien regular  dirty work  austin powers ii  or thomas lennon  the state and viva variety   or new faces like shawn hatosy  the faculty   or colin foo  saving silverman   we  re talking about a bunch of very talented and skilled actors who know exactly how to take advantage of the film  s inspired characterisation  steal the show  time after time  and still frame the piece with an energy and a joy rarely seen in romantic comedies these days .  br    br   and that  s not to detract from the actual romantic throughline and the stars that carry it along  because it  s very sweet and terribly well done . jason lee  mallrats  chasing amy  dogma  etc .  is touching as the young professional whose life may be spinning out of control  and selma blair shows an understated brilliance in portraying the aspiring socialite and sophisticated career woman every guy wants to marry except for the guy who actually is .  br    br   a lot of the success of the movie  though  falls on julia stiles  the right girl in the right place at the wrong time  and she wears it well . not since  gosh  i don  t know when  have i seen an actress in a romantic comedy that has made falling in love with her so easy . of course  it  s all in the closeups  the voice  and the subtle smiles  but it  s magical  and it  s one of the big reasons why we go to the movies in the first place .  br    br   but julie stiles  s slightly offbeat sophistication would be lost were it not for the fact that the rest of the cast is so incredibly dead  on in their classic simplicity . this is a movie that paints a broken world of irreconcilable stock types  makes them fall over each other to make you laugh  and then comes through with a great deal of heart .  br    br   a guy thing is a movie you  ve definitely seen before  and the filmmakers clearly knew that when they set down to make it . we haven  t really seen any new romantic comedies since shakespeare the relative success of this one or that one is entirely dependent upon the execution of the classic story of boy meets girl . a guy thing does embrace that with a bit of a metacinematic edge  often taking the scenes into the absurd in order to give the audience a chance to acknowledge the powerful emotions and ancient plot devices at play .  br    br   for the record  it also even manages to poke fun at the rather traditional structural notions of sex and gender that form the center of every romantic comedy  so even the feminists out there might get a kick out of it .  br    br   and guys  i think we can all agree that we wish our friends are as cool as jason lee  s friends in this movie . i  m not going to spoil it for you  but when you try to explain to your girlfriend why the pharmacist and the clothing store clerk are among the coolest dudes in cinema  i suggest you just say  it  s a guy thing   and leave it at that .  
i was literally preparing to hate this movie  so believe me when i say this film is worth seeing . overall  the story and gags are contrived  but the film has the charm and finesse to pull them off . that gag where jason lee thinks he has crabs  and tries not to let his boss  future father  in  law and co  workers see him scratching himself isn  t terribly intelligent  but it sent me into a frenzy of laughter . very few of the film  s gags are high  brow  but they made me laugh . as i said  the film has charm and charm can go a long way .  br    br   the characters are likable  too . i must say i wish i got to see more of james brolin  s character  since he was a hoot in the very few scenes he was in . plus  i admire any romantic comedy that has the guts to not make the character of the wife  who serves as the obstacle in the plot  a total witch . the selma blair character is hardly unlikable  and there  s never a scene where i thought to myself   why did he want to marry her in the first place   the ending is hollywood  ish  but it could  ve been much more schmaltzy .  br    br   the cast is talented . i haven  t had a favorable view of most of jason lee  s mainstream work . i just loved him so much in kevin smith  s films that i couldn  t help but feel disappointed at seeing him in these dopey roles . and he never looks comfortable in these dopey roles . even in this movie  he doesn  t look perfectly comfortable  but he contributes his own two cents and effectively handles each scene . but i still miss his work in independent films . julia stiles proves again why she  s so damn likable . of course  she  s a very beautiful girl with a radiant smile that makes me want to faint  but she also possesses a unique charm and seems to have good personality . in other words  her beauty shows inside and out . i don  t know the actresses  name  but the woman who plays the drunk granny is hilarious . julie hagerty also has a small part  and she  s always enjoyable to watch  which makes me wish she received better roles . i loved her so much in  airplane  and  lost in america  that it  s a shame she doesn  t get the same opportunities to flaunt her skills .  br    br   don  t be put off by the horrible trailers and even more horrible box office records . this is a funny  charming film . romantic comedies are getting so predictable nowadays that it feels like the genre itself is ready to be flushed down the toilet  so it  s always to see a good one among all these bad apples .  br    br   my score   out of     
this movie starts out brisk  has some slow moments in the middle  but generally moves along well  has a few very good moments  then peters out at the end of act  . i was able to get to see this in la premieres  times  with  different endings  . jason lee is a star  but he is not tomorrows leading man . he is humorous and holds his own  but he is better served as a supporting actor . julia stiles does  ok  in a comedy role  new for her  but she doesn  t  steal  this movie  the way a star of her caliber should . for an actress who has so much potential    things  save the last dance  o   it is hard to watch her continue to do roles that are so  average   and then not have her take the role and run away with the movie  like daniel day  lewis did in  gangs   . selma blair is a good young actress as well  and does an  ok  job . i didn  t expect an academy award performance from her  and she didn  t deliver one  but  her performance was adequate . chris koch delivers another film that is  above average  . perhaps the problem lies in the script more than anything else . i  did  like this movie  but  it is not a movie where you walk away and say . . .  that was great   . . . this  story  has been done so many times before and there was just not much new here . the rehearsal dinner scene was probably the best in the movie  and larry miller gives an incredible performance in a supporting role  he could be the best surprise of the film  . if you want to go see a movie that will make you laugh a few times  and have an enjoyable evening  i can still recommend this film  but unless they have changed the ending . . . again . . . leave during the church scene  or you will surely be disappointed .  
first a quick  shut up   to those saying this movie stinks . you can  t go to every movie expecting  citizen kane  . this was actually a fun movie . jason lee is good in everything he does . the only flaw in this movie is  i don  t think there was enough chemestry between lee and julia stiles . they should have dwelled more on that . other than that  the movie is good fun . selma blair needs to eat something . she  s worrying me . but she still looks beautiful . so yes  i recommend this movie for a date or light saturday afternoon fun . go see .  br    br   rating     out of   
i think the deal with this movie is that it has about  minutes of really  really funny moments and it makes a very good trailer and a lot of people came in with expectations from the trailer and this time the movie doesn  t live up to the trailer . it  s a little more sluggish and drags a little slowly for such an exciting premise  and i think i  m seeing from the comments people having a love  hate relationship with this movie .  br    br   however  if you look at this movie for what it is and not what it could have been considering the talent of the cast  i think it  s still pretty good . julia stiles is clearly the star  she  s so giddy and carefree that set among the conformity of everyone else  she just glows and the whole audience falls in love with her along with lee . the rest of the cast  of course  lee  s testosterone  filled coworkers  his elegant mother  in  law  his fratlike friend jim and his bride  to  be all do an excellent job of fitting into stereotypes of conformity and boringness that make stiles stand out in the first place .  br    br   lee doesn  t live up to his costars  i don  t think  but you could view that as more that they  re hard to live up to . maybe that  s one source of disappointment .  br    br   the movie itself  despite a bit of slowness and a few jokes that don  t come off as funny as the writer  s intended  is still pretty funny and i found a rather intelligent film . the themes of conformity and  taking the safe route  seemed to cleverly align on several layers . for example  there was the whole motif of how he would imagine scenarios but would never act on them until the last scene  or how he was listening to a radio program on the highway talking about how everyone conforms  or just how everything selma blair and julia stiles  characters said and did was echoed by those themes of one person being the safe choice and one being the risky choice .  br    br   the other good thing about the movie was that it was kind of a screwball comedy in which jason lee has to keep lying his way through the movie and who through dumb luck  example the pharmacy guy turning out to be a good chef  and some cleverness on his part gets away with it for the most part .  br    br   while it wasn  t as funny as i expected and there was a little bit of squandered talent  but overall it  s still a good movie .  
what would you say about a man who was about to get married and was having his bachelor party with some of his closest friends at a hawaiian guy bar  all smooth sailing until he takes his  bachelor hat  off . what would you say about him talking to one of the suggestive dancers and then sleeping with her  what would you say if that exact girl was the cousin of his finance  a new low  right  well paul coleman  played comically by jason lee  leads this experience of a nauseous blur and a new low . i got to say this is one of his good leading roles . however i do believe his role in vanilla sky was better acted .  br    br   his finance named karen is played by the up  and  down actress selma blair while karen  s character  becky  is played by the lovely and talented julia stiles . getting back to where we left off  paul now has to deal with one arising problem to another . he gets diseases  has to deal with certain people  and has to play his lie games with stealth or any member of each of the families could get p . o  ed  including one of his relatives that hasn  t had a  bowel movement  for   days . vomit all of this leads to the long awaited wedding with one hilarious scene before it recapping all the hell that paul and his brother had to go through .  br    br   overall  a guy thing is quite funny and is all right . sometimes the story may seem to go nowhere and you get tired of scenes here and there but it  s a mixed movie . and if you  re a canadian and a fellow fan of the ctv brett butt sitcom  corner gas  you  d recognize a small role played by fred ewanuick  the same man who plays the hilarious hank in the series . this movie is all right . it  s another feather in lee  s hat  quite an empty hat so far  however  .  br    br   my rating      br    br   eliason a .  
paul  jason lee  is an underachiever who just happens to be engaged to a type  a princess named karen  selma blair  . she chooses his clothes and his daily schedule . at his bachelor party  paul gets a little too drunk and somehow ends up taking a pretty dancer named becky  julia stiles  back to his digs .  nothing happened   as they say  but the duo do wake up in the same bed . suddenly karen telephones . she  s on her way to paul  s apartment . understandably  paul hustles becky out of the place  although her underpants are left behind . but  there is even more fun ahead . at a family dinner at karen  s parents  home  paul runs smack into becky again  learning that she is karen  s cousin . talk about some explaining to do  but  instead  paul chooses to feign a stomach problem and hides out in the bathroom . will karen ever find out that becky spent the night at paul  s place  and  what will be the consequences  i  m sorry for critics who pan movies like this . they should definitely lighten up  for this film is fresh and fun . of course  it doesn  t hurt matters that lee is a consummate funny man  stiles is a charming beauty or that blair is a natural as a pretty but anal fiance . the rest of the cast  including james brolin and julie haggerty  is also quite nice . the look of the film is wonderful  as are the costumes and california settings . best of all  the script is imaginative and inspired  creating big laughs for the audience . in short  if you want to tickle the proverbial funnybones  get this movie tonight . it may not be academy award material but it is absolutely guaranteed to turn a bad day into a darn good one .  
recap the morning after his bachelor party paul is woken by his mother  in  law  to  be and discovers that there is a woman sleeping beside him . unfortunately its a waitress from the bar  and not his fiance . and suddenly she turns up everywhere . . . the toll booth at the freeway and at his parent  in  laws dinner . and it is hard to keep a secret when her jealous ex  boyfriend had him followed and photographed . it is not only about saving his wedding . . . it is about survival .  br    br   comments actually much better than expected . not the sweet romantic comedy i expected  but something much funnier  something with a little edge . this movie wasn  t afraid to take the jokes a little further . and jason lee does now how to deliver comedy  especially when his character is half  panicked and deep in trouble  as he is here . and he got nice support from beautiful ladies julia stiles and selma blair . and actually i thought lochlyn munro did a nice part as the ex .  br    br   so  more emphasis on comedy than romance  and the end result was good . i enjoyed it very much .  br    br        
i think this movie got a low rating because it got judged by it  s worst moments . there is a diarrhea joke and an embarrassing nut  scratching scene  but apart from that there are actually quite a few moments that made me laugh out loud . jason lee is performing some wonderfully subtle comedy in this movie and julia stiles manages to be pretty damn funny herself . apart from that this movie behaves like most romantic comedies  after about   minutes into it you know how it is going to end .  which is better than most of them  where you already know after     minutes  . anyway  better movies to watch but definitely not the worst pick . . . cheers  
i happened to watch this movie by chance some days ago while flipping channels . my expectations were not very high but it was an interesting movie . in  a guy thing   jason lee plays paul  a straight  laced  seattle  based fellow who is about to marry his fiance karen  selma blair  and settle down to an unchallenging life of middle  class domesticity . we first meet paul at his bachelor party  where he professes no desire to engage in any of the normal bachelor party type activities his  surprisingly few  buddies encourage  in case he  s a bit naughty and gets into hot bother with his soon to be trouble and strife . of course  the next thing paul knows  it  s the morning after the night before  he  s in bed with a naked hula dancer  and his mother  in  law phones to inform him that karen is on her way over . oh  and the hula dancer is karen  s cousin becky  julia stiles  .  br    br   from this small acorn of potential trouble grows a mighty oak of frenetic misfortune  as paul scrabbles from misadventure to misadventure  trying to cover up what he  s done whilst keeping up the appearance of being a dutiful  family  oriented good guy  who  s super  excited about his forthcoming nuptials . his efforts to ensure karen remains none the wiser about any potential wrong  doing on his part ironically forces paul closer and closer to the fun  loving becky  forcing him to question whether he really wants the life that seems to have been mapped out for him . the movie contains the right mix of comedy and romance . definitely worth a watch .  
i was worried that my daughter might get the wrong idea . i think the  dark  heart  character is a little on the rough side and i don  t like the way he shape  shifts into a  mean  frog  fox  boy i was wrong  this movie was made for my kid  not for me . she  gets it  when it went over  under   my head . of course i don  t  get it  . this isn  t one of the new kids movies that adults will also enjoy . this is straight for the young ones  and the crew knew what they were doing . there isn  t any political junk ether . there  s no magic key that will save the world from ourselves  nobody has the right to access excess  and everyone isn  t happy all the time . and as a side benefit  nobody dies  russwill .  
in my opinion  a guy thing is a hilarious  witty  sexy  romantic  and totally beautiful chick flick that guys will also enjoy . i thought that jason lee and julia stiles dazzled as a bewildered groom  to  be and his soon  to  be sexy cousin  in  law . if you ask me  they lit up the screen like magic . you can also feel their chemistry between them . before i wrap this up  i  d like to say that the performances were top grade  the direction was flawless  the production design was nice  the casting was perfect  and the costumes were perfectly designed . in conclusion  to anyone who  s a fan of jason lee or julia stiles  i recommend this movie . you  re in for lots of laughs and thrills  so  go to the video store  rent it or buy it  kick back with a friend  and watch it .  
  the lady from shanghai  is well known as one of hollywood  s most troubled productions . welles  original cut was taken away by the producers and cut to ribbons . this made the already muddled mystery story even more difficult to keep track of . they post dubbed a good amount of his dialog because of the density of the irish accent  and the dubbing is all too apparent and poorly done . most disastrous of all  welles and his on screen and real life leading lady rita hayworth were falling apart in their relationship  and their tumultuous chemistry comes through on screen .  br    br   fortunately  this is all overcome by just how fantastic orson welles  direction is . he makes the film incredibly stylish and atmospheric  every scene just seems to be breathing down your back from the screen . also  the characters and scenes are so bizarre they border on dreamlike and surreal . this sense of weirdness elevates scenes that are often found in these films  such as the courtroom sequences in the middle . i typically find courtroom dramas a bore  but welles  direction and quirky touches make them just as fascinating as everything else . the ending at the carnival reminds one of david lynch almost .  br    br   the acting here is also very good . despite their failing relationship  welles and hayworth both give decent performances  their interactions however are just a bit lacking . everyone else is superb and delightful to watch though  especially everett sloane and glenn anders .  the lady from shanghai  obviously has its problems  but its worth watching just to see one of cinema  s masters at his finest .        
i did no research on the film prior to my first viewing of it because it was part of a welles box set i had recently purchased . a box set i chiefly got because i wanted to own a man for all seasons and to also re  evaluate waterloo . so i stick orson and rita in the player and i  m treated to class and confusion in equal measure .  br    br   on the surface the story seemed a simple one  man meets gorgeous woman and saves her from a couple of thugs  they click straight away and man gets offer of work on a cruise with woman and her famous lawyer husband  and then . . . . . . . . . . . . .  br    br   . . well it becomes murder mystery of plotted devilment and much shenanigans . michael o  hara  orson welles himself doesn  t really know what is going on  he is as confused as the viewer is  and that is wonderful to watch as he is pulled all over the place by pretty much everyone in the film . obviously being pulled by the heart strings by a femme fatale of such beauty as elsa bannister  rita hayworth has its moments  but you just know that things are going to go pear shaped .  br    br   so many wonderful things in the film  it has welles visual style all over it  see a scene in an aquarium that is marvellous and the ending sequences in a fun house is majestic on the eye . the narration from o  hara is joyously self mocking  and we get good light relief by way of a court case with everett sloane considerably lighting up proceedings .  br    br   yet the film is an oddity  and in fact it  s a choppy viewing experience  because as i was to find out after studio bosses cut the film by pretty much a whole hour  and that is just not only frustrating to us the viewer  but unfair on welles  vision . i  m positive that a full original cut of this film would have been lauded and revered wholesale  as it is tho  we have a very good and intriguing film  one that sadly only hints at greatness  but remains a fiendishly engrossing film that i  m glad i own to revisit further .  .      
one reviewer notes that it does not seem to matter what welles actually says or does  he moves you . i concur . he was and remains a unique force in film . more than a triple threat who could act  write and direct  he had a genius uniquely suited to film . one can consider whether in an earlier age he would have been a painter . this film certainly reinforces that impression . a musician  a theatre actor  an heir to shakespeare  hard to tell but i am very grateful that his time cam with film and he have him captured on film . i like the accent . i like the face  the size  the style  the mind and the games . i love all of his movies and wish there were more . i particularly love how other actors interacted with him on film . many were never better or at least somehow different with him because he was o firmly there . even towards the end when his beauty was ruined  perhaps by his own intent  he was impossible to ignore and he made every scene he was in . rita was a gorgeous blonde   a lana turner look alike but perhaps even lovelier and even then the eye goes to welles and one wishes for another minute  another film  another hour in his company . that is why we all wish we could come upon the lost scraps cut from his films because we know  we all know  that there is not part of him not worthy of our time . watch it and be grateful for the chance .  
in a lot of his films  citizen kane  confidential report  touch of evil  orson welles gave him the role of an exuberant men . in  the lady from shanghai  it  s the only time i see him holding the role of the victim . the role of the culprit  he gave it to rita hayworth  i guess it  s because he was in love with her . therefore  it  s an interesting film . but i find the story excellent too . the direction is genius  as usual with welles  two scenes are particularly brilliant the one in the aquarium and the final one with the mirrors . this film is brilliant .         
the lady from shanghai is proof that the great genius orson welles could direct a  mainstream  movie if he wanted to . by comparison to his other  more artistic works  this film has only a moderate amount of craftiness  and almost no esoteric elements .  br    br   the exception being  of course  the final scene in the hall of mirrors  widely agreed to be one of the greatest scenes in the history of film . it alone is worth the cost of a rental .  br    br   the sweet surprise was the superb acting by the beautiful rita hayworth . her acting during the beginning and middle of the film is so excellent  she made the other actors appear as caricatures instead of characters . even the great mr . welles .  
it is not as great a film as many people believe  including my late aunt  who said it was her favorite movie  . but due to the better sections of this film noir  particularly that justifiably famous  fun house  finale  the lady from shanghai has gained a position of importance beyond it  s actual worth as a key to the saga of orson welles  failure to conquer hollywood .  br    br   by     welles  position as a hollywood figure was mixed . citizen kane was not recognized as the great movie it has since been seen as due to the way it was attacked by the hearst press and by hollywood insiders themselves . welles  attempt at total control  direction and production and acting  of his movies seemed to threaten the whole system . his best job in this period was as edward rochester in jane eyre  supposedly shot by robert stevenson  but actually shot in large measure  with stevenson  s blessing  by welles . but the credit went to stevenson . only the stranger  a film benefiting from a postwar interest in fleeing nazi war criminals  made a profit . for five years in hollywood it was barely a great record .  br    br   welles returned to broadway in      hoping to recapture his critical abilities by his production of around the world in   days . but despite the assistance mike todd  and cole porter composing the score  the musical was a failure . his failure occurred just at the same time that his wife  rita hayworth  was on the rise with her portrayal of gilda . so the marriage was going on the rocks as well .  br    br   welles had to make money  his broadway production had led to his personal bankruptcy . he sold his interest in the possible movie rights to around the world to todd  which he would eventually rue   and he also sold the idea of a film about the career of henri desire landru to charlie chaplin  who was supposed to be directed in it  and who turned it into monsieur verdoux  .  br    br   the story goes that welles  with a        .   tax bill to worry about  called cohn and offered to do a film with rita for a down payment . cohn was willing to do so  but naturally asked what the film was . it was a wise question . welles was on a pay phone in new york in a pharmacy that had a book department . he grabbed a book with the title the lady from shanghai  and raved that it was a great thriller . somehow welles convinced the normally astute cohn that welles knew what he was talking about . cohn said he  d look into getting the rights  and sent welles his down  payment of        .   . after cohn hung up welles bought the book and read it  and found it was really pretty bad . he spent time rewriting a treatment and screenplay that would build up rita  s character of elsa bannister .  br    br   certainly it has a curious plot development . michael o  hara is a seaman  longshoreman . he rescues elsa bannister  when she is apparently attacked by gangsters in a park in san francisco . elsa is married to arthur bannister  everett sloane  a crippled criminal lawyer with a great reputation . she convinces him to hire michael as the skipper of their yacht . the cruise also contains bannister  s sinister partner george grisby  glenn anders  and one sidney broome  ted de corsia  who turns out to be a detective hired by bannister to watch elsa . when they can michael and elsa try to find time together  but broome or grisby keeps showing up .  br    br   grisby makes michael an offer  he wants  for reasons connected to his so  called fatalistic view of modern society  to drop out of it  pretending to be dead . according to grisby  the plot becomes murky here  he can still collect his life insurance  although dead   and use it to run off to the south seas . he will pay michael        .   if he will pretend to shoot grisby . this includes actually signing a document admitting to the murder  michael does not realize that such an admission would wipe out the need to produce a corpse if all the other evidence suggests that grisby is probably dead  .  br    br   of course grisby is killed  and michael is arrested for that  and for the murder of broome  shot with michael  s gun  . michael is tried with bannister defending him  and discovers that the latter is doing a second rate job because he wants michael to be convicted . michael is convinced that bannister is the actual murderer  and manages to escape just before the jury verdict . he is knocked out and deposited in a deserted carnival  and this leads to the famous  fun house  sequence and the conclusion of the film .  br    br   it  s a terribly confusing movie  as i have had commented on  . that does not mean it  s not worth seeing  visually it is striking . witness the fight between michael and the police in the trial judge  s quarters  where he knocks the bailiff into the judge  s bookcase  shattering glass . or the clever use of photography to capture hayworth diving from a rock  reflected on the lecherous grisby  s binoculars .  br    br   the acting is pretty good  in particular sloane  possibly that fine actor  s best film role  . glenn anders was a leading broadway performer . he rarely made movies before the lady from shanghai  and his slimy grisby is unforgettable . also ted de corsia does very nicely with broome  a detective who is really looking for his own interests  to his own cost .  br    br   as for hayworth  she turns in a performance that was unlike most of what she had done before  blood and sand  tales of manhattan  and the strawberry blond are exceptions   and is a memorable siren . welles  o  hara is a very unusual character for the actor  a likable but naive man who learns the hard way not to believe what he secretly wants to believe . it  s not kane  ambersoms  othello  touch of evil  or chimes at midnight  but it is a good film for all that .  
neatly sandwiched between the stranger  a small film noir picture that proved welles can do a formidable genre work on budget and on time and ironically proved his biggest box office success in the forties  and macbeth  a no  budget shakespeare adaptation shot in old western shets in   days  comes the lady from shangai  a dark film noir woven from the very same fabric of wellesian mythos that covers the magnificent ambersons  mr . arkadin and any other film the director didn  t manage to save from the clutches of studio bosses .  br    br   six years after the maltese falcon  with the post  war craze of the film noir in full swing  welles  always ahead of his time  a true visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity  envisioned a labyrinthine world of shadows that is already darker  more sinister  paranoid and serpentine than anything his contemporaries were doing at the time . it  s no wonder the movie was so misunderstood at its time  to the point that one full hour of footage was forever left in the cutting room floor  and it was once again europe that championed it as another welles classic .  br    br   certain set  pieces stand out . the aquarium scene with its flickering light and ominous shadows  and of course the funhouse  hall of mirrors finale that is as classic a piece of wellesian bravura as any in citizen kane or the trial . the only faults i find with the movie is welles  ill  advised irish accent and perhaps some of the erratic editing in the first act . the story however unfurls in a progressively mesmerizing manner  which the cuts only serve to intensify . i believe the heavily chopped versions of shangai and ambersons attain a surreal quality for that matter .  br    br   welles would exile himself in europe for ten years and return in     to deliver yet another stonewall classic  the monumental touch of evil  perhaps the crowning jewel of the film noir that was already in its waning days by that time . shangai was not the box office success a star vehicle for hollywood  s premiere star of the time  rita hayworth  ought to have been  and welles marriage with hayworth ended before the movie was even released . sixty years later and one hour of footage less  shangai is still one of the best film noir pictures one is likely to discover . surely that must count for something .  
pure orson welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies . welles is drawn into a murder conspiracy only to be set up as the fall guy  which is what he refers to with the sarcastic comment  big dummy that i am .  plot is so complex that i still don  t know whether the victim knew that his life was about to be lost . the shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirrors is one of the most amazing ever filmed . that scene alone is worth the price of admission . this is the only time that rita hayworth ever played a complex yet believable character . no one but welles would have had the nerve to cut her hair and dye it brassy blond . no one should miss this picture .  
despite loving rita hayworth  finding the final few sequences of the film intriguing and being able to appreciate some of the subtler  symbolic  aspects of the cinematography  the lady from shanghai didn  t quite work for me . i had a problem with most of the performances  the script and the overall structure . and in a film that  s mostly people talking with each other in various situations  that  s quite a problem . the lady from shanghai ended up at a very low  c   or a   for me .  br    br   the lady from shanghai is really all about orson welles  character  michael o  hara . o  hara sees elsa  rosalie  bannister  rita hayworth  in central park on a carriage ride and hits on her . later  he saves her from a mugging and she takes a shine to him . o  hara is a seaman from ireland and the globetrotting elsa happens to own a yacht with her husband  arthur  everett sloane   a very famous and powerful california defense attorney . they talk o  hara into working for them  despite his initial reservations   it seems to him  and to the audience  that elsa is just looking for someone to have an affair with  and o  hara doesn  t want to get involved .  br    br   shortly after going to work on their yacht  a strange man  george grisby  glenn anders   who says he  s arthur  s partner  shows up at a port of call and begins stirring up trouble . eventually  grisby asks o  hara to enter into a very dubious and dangerous scheme . foolishly  o  hara agrees . naturally it gets him into quite a bit of trouble  and eventually  a number of mysteries are revealed .  br    br   maybe my problems with the film lie in the fact that  so far  i  m not exactly a huge fan of orson welles  and here  he produces  writes  directs and consumes most of the screen time . i haven  t seen anywhere near the majority of welles  work yet  but i  ve tended to like his later films better  when he became a bit more campy and performance  arty . i love f for fake  vrits et mensonges       for example  and i even kind of like his performance in casino royale        when he bizarrely insisted on being allowed to do magic tricks at a baccarat table  but citizen kane       never did much for me  despite giving it  or  chances over the years  including about one year ago my rating was a low    the same as my current score for the lady from shanghai  .  br    br   welles  performance and the dialogue he  s written for himself come across as affected and pretentious to me . he  s a bit of a motormouth  a bit of a boor  and a bit monotone   he tends to sound like he  s reading . his performance reminded me of what i  ve seen of welles  version of moby dick  listed on imdb as      but  completed  in      it can also be seen in orson welles the one  man band         where he seems to be just reading to the camera and believing that he  s inherently  sublimely dramatic . i  m also someone who almost never complains about accents  but somehow welles manages to make his irish accent sound affected and pretentious to me  too .  br    br   as for the other performances  i can only say i thought hayworth did an excellent job . of course she  s gorgeous  which doesn  t hurt . plenty of eye candy here . like welles  sloane also seemed a bit affected and pretentious to me   i never quite bought his character  his handicap and so on  and anders is simply bizarre where bizarre doesn  t seem to fit . welles often shoots him in close  up and anders almost always has some over  exaggerated  manic expression on his sweaty face .  br    br   structurally  the lady from shanghai is very uneven . the first   minutes or so are extremely bland and soap  operatic  although the soap opera ministrations tend to be approached from a tortuous oblique . once grisby introduces his scheme  things pick up a bit  and mostly improve as we near the end . but by the time the lady from shanghai becomes a crime  mystery film  it  s too little too late  and it quickly turns into a courtroom drama before the sudden  thrilling ending that comes almost out of nowhere and is over far too quickly for its relative excellence .  br    br   the ending is more action  oriented  less  dialogue heavy  more varied and exotic in settings  and at times  fairly abstract . welles handles that combination of material skillfully as a director . if the lady from shanghai would have been a largely a combination of the crime  mystery stuff and the arty ending  it could have easily been at least a  . the final scenes are easily   s  as welles shifts from a hitchcockian suspense scene in a san francisco chinese opera house to another suspense scene in a chinese amusement park . the funhouse climax uses cinematography that was experimental for its time . it  s well integrated with the script  as it allows a complex resolution and fuels a lot of symbolism .  br    br   the cinematography throughout is interesting  even if it usually can  t make up for the problems in the foreground . welles blocks scenes with skill . there are lots of attractively filmed settings  from central park to acapulco to various san francisco locations . welles effectively creates symbolic backdrops for his action  from the emphasized heights and precipitous drops of acapulco to the maze  like caribbean streets  the beautifully framed and silhouetted shots of the san francisco aquarium  and so on . the romance material  for which the aquarium serves as one backdrop  is interestingly tempered with a kind of unease throughout the film  but on the other hand  that makes the romance never quite work as romance .  br    br   surely serious welles fans will appreciate the lady from shanghai much more than i did  and of course it  s worth a watch if you love rita hayworth . the lady from shanghai isn  t exactly a terrible film  in my view  but it  s dangerously close to not  passing  . proceed with caution .  
this cartoon was strange  but the story actually had a little more depth and emotion to it than other cartoon movies . we have a girl at a camp with low self esteem and hardly any other friends  except a brother and sister who are just a miserable as she is . she reaches the ultimate low point and when the opportunity arises she literally makes a pact with a devil  like demon . i found this film to be very true to life and just when things couldn  t be worse  the girl sees what she  s done  she feels remorse and then changes and then she helps this dark  mystical creature learn the human quality of love . the twins improve too  by helping the little bears and then they get a sense of self worth too . a very positive message for children  though some elements of the film was strange  it was and still is a rather enjoyable film . the music from stephen bishop  tootsie songs  made the film even better  
it  s very hard to say just what was going on with  the lady from shanghai  and what the film could have been without studio interference . orson welles  prime interest in film at this point was to raise money for his theater indeed  funding his own projects is what drove him to seek out acting jobs . he made  lady from shanghai  for his soon to be ex  wife  rita hayworth . harry cohn was fearful for rita  s image and held back the release of this movie for one year .  br    br   the plot concerns an irish sailor  michael o  hara  who falls in love with else  hayworth  stunning with short blond hair  . her husband is a well known criminal attorney arthur bannister  everett sloane  who is as crippled on the inside as he is out . he hires o  hara to work on his yacht  and there o  hara is drawn deeper and deeper into a web of murder and deceit .  br    br    the lady from shanghai  moves at a snail  s pace  though i agree with one of the posters that films today are criticized for taking time to build a plot . still  this movie drags . the scene in the fun house is fantastic  welles wanted it without music  though  and i believe the studio cut it down . it  s a shame . the photography throughout is stunning  atmospheric  bold  and very stylish .  br    br   welles was an excellent actor  handsome in his youth  charismatic and possessing a magnificent voice and technique  but in many films  it  s almost as if he doesn  t trust himself or doesn  t take the time to develop a character . instead he relies on externals such as accents and fake noses . one of the only times he didn  t do this was  tomorrow is forever   where the director gets an excellent  deeply felt performance out of him . contrast that with  compulsion  where he shows he is a master of pure technical acting as he phones in his performance . here welles is doing quadruple duty  as director  star  co  writer and narrator . sporting a completely unnecessary accent and looking intense was a fast way to a characterization . nevertheless  he is always compelling .  br    br   the supporting players are excellent  including sloan and glenn anders . hayworth  gorgeous and soft  voiced  her singing was again dubbed by anita ellis  is as usual a complete goddess and one of the great screen presences . what a sad life for such a vibrant beauty .  br    br   any film that orson welles directed is worth seeing  and  the lady from shanghai  is no exception . but this one leaves the viewer frustrated  as does  the magnificent ambersons   as does any work that welles did within the studio system . he was a great artist who should have been given a freer reign he wasn  t . he was a strange dichotomy  he needed more freedom  but as is evidenced by some of his later work  he needed the structure of the studio . alas  he couldn  t have both .  
the lady from shanghai is weird even by the standards of its eminent director  orson welles  whose last hollywood film this was for many a moon . it  s a kind of post  modern film noir made during the period when more conventional films of this type were quite popular  and it concerns a happy go lucky irish sailor  played by welles  who falls in with a mysterious lady  rita hayworth  who was married to welles at the time   and her crippled  and probably impotent husband  played with a brainy  malevolent gusto by everett sloan . a long sea voyage follows  with welles in tow as bodyguard  and the plot thickens when sloan  s law partner  glenn anders  turns up and starts making trouble by giving odd speeches about suicide and other morbid topics that suggest that the man is on the verge of mental breakdown . a murder plot ensues  and all sorts of calamities follow for welles and his employers  and at this point the story  fuzzy and told at a leisurely pace thus far  goes off the deep end  and the last part of the film consists of brilliant directorial set  pieces that seem to have been thrown in to give the movie some of the drive and urgency its story does not  by itself  possess  and the result is a very watchable and often pleasing at all times incomprehensible mess .  br    br   it  s hard to know what welles was trying to do with this film aside from maybe resurrect his career in hollywood by making a vehicle for his wife . but self  destruction intervenes  as it often does with welles  and miss hayworth has never looked less fetching . that she is also cast as a femme fatale seems peculiar  as aside from her beauty her most appealing trait as a screen personality was lovableness  a quality she does not possess in this picture . the director himself is strangely unappealing and hammy at o  hara  the  presumably  easygoing sailor  since welles  for all his many gifts  was not known as an easy man to work with . this is a role that twenty or thirty years later sean connery or robert shaw might have been able to breath life into . welles does not . the most interesting performance in the movie is glenn anders  as grisby  sloan  s loony  treacherous law partner . anders works wonders with the part  and is photographed to look bizarre  while his scenes end on odd  sour notes  and are often choppily edited but for all this he manages to make grisby  s derangement palpable and disturbing  and anticipates  in a genteel way  the more flamboyant method actors of the fifties  such as timothy carey .  br    br   there is a question that nags me about this film what was welles trying to say  he was a highly talented and intelligent man  and tended to make statements in his movies  which  whether one agrees with his world view or not  were brilliantly put forth . i think i have an answer  or a partial one welles was summing up his movie career . he had reached the end of his rope in the hollywood studio system he despised  and he knew it . the lady from shanghai isn  t exactly a nose  thumbing at the studio moguls of the day  but i suspect that it is  in its portrait of amoral  rival big shot lawyers  read producers  expressing welles  opinion of the power brokers of hollywood . that he presented himself as a rootless sailor is telling . welles himself was certainly an inveterate traveler  and he rarely lived in one place for long . he was hired by a studio to provide it with a big  prestigious film  citizen kane   which caused a firestorm of controversy from which he never fully recovered . this may be the issue that dares not speak its name in this film  which is to say welles  personal failure in not getting over the shock of his newness in the movie colony  and his inability to deliver the goods  as promised . the mere fact of him turning up in hollywood  like his mere presence in the film  could not forestall disasters well beyond his control . that he presented himself in the movie as an amiable  naive outsider shows a lack of self  knowledge on welles  part . he was much more of an inside player than he let on  and i imagine that he despised his knowledge of the worldlier aspects of life  and himself for knowing so much .  
this     film stars and was directed and written by orson welles  with a funky irish accent  and also stars the gorgeous rita hayworth with less appealing short blonde hair . so  i  ve hung out with orson before in touch of evil and citizen kane and the third man etc . but this was my first rita hayworth interaction . our first meeting went well  she does a superb job playing the frightened  cagey elsa  married to a crippled millionaire lawyer . mike  welles  and elsa fall for each other . he wants to run away with her  she doesn  t know if she can live without the things money can buy . elsa  her husband  and his partner bicker and bite  just like the sharks mike describes attacking each other and his foretelling proves just too true . several twists and turns follow in this murder mystery as we come to the climax in the fun house .  think the ending shootout in the man with the golden gun  which borrowed heavily from this scene  . i wasn  t sure who the murderer was until the end .  br    br   this movie is like shrimp in garlic and lemon . the dish centers on the sea  it is subtle  sour  and pungent  all to great effect . these might not be the best  fresh shrimp  but good quality frozen shrimp from costco . the flavorful sauce adds to the naturalness of the pink shrimp as you fill up on a healthy  but filling alternative to more mundane  common fare .     http   blog . myspace . com  locoformovies  
what can i say  it  s a damn good movie . see it if you still haven  t . great camera works and lighting techniques . awesome  just awesome . orson welles is incredible  the lady from shanghai  can certainly take the place of  citizen kane  .  
surreal film noir released soon after the  real   genre  defining classics  the maltese falcon    double indemnity  and  the postman always rings twice .  welles films shouldn  t be evaluated against others . he was playing by different rules . in fact  he was playing . this starts where other femme fatale films leave off  so the vaguely logical  but interesting  whodunit is embellished with a display of wellesian scenes  typical rapid  fire style   dialog  lots of  hard  boiled  philosophy   and unusual acting  good hayworth presumably intentionally one  dimensional  . to welles  genre  may have meant  formula  but he seemed to like using  mysteries  as backgrounds for his  entertainments .   
any film in the early days of orson welles is a triumph all the way to the third man with joseph cotton . he is also wonderful in a touch of evil . please see them all  he tends to get pompous and self serving in films like f is for fake  really stupid waste of film . don  t waste your time watching it . it is really ignorant . orson welles is a film icon and anyone studying film should see everything he has filmed . all his leading ladies are tremendous but in the end welles became a fat drunk  like his character in a touch of evil  for some reason orson welles had a way with women  i see how he could be considered attractive in his youth  not like gary cooper or joseph cotton  or cary grant  john wayne  i could go on and on but i digress . . . and because i am a woman  i can see the attraction to him . he  orson welles  is one of the last true film makers and unless you count the film  makers of today tarantino  scorscese  spike lee  most of the film makers just don  t measure up to the film makers of the forties  i know there are many more great film makers of today but in such a short amount of time i can  t name them all . no offense to any of the great film makers of this millennium  august        . please remind me of some current up and coming film makers  i don  t want to be stuck in the past  i love some of the films out now  but rarely are there any that i would put on a     best  list . .  hustle and flow  was great  so was  fargo   and  oh  brother  where art thou   from a line in sullivan  s travels another fine film from the forties  can anyone give me a best list for the    s and on up to      i would like to know who to watch  thank you  also props to this website  where else can you plug a film or boo it  i love the ranting and raving from regular folks like me who can say what i want and i promise not to spoil any film for someone who hasn  t seen it yet   
orson welles manages to knock me on my ass with every picture of his i see . lady of shanghai is on the same level as his other masterpieces  the magnificent ambersons  touch of evil  the trial  and chimes at midnight . the plot can tend to be confusing sometimes  and sometimes it seems to be moving maybe a tiny bit too fast  about an hour of it was edited out when test screenings went poorly  . it doesn  t matter  however . you can  t watch welles  films and manage to concentrate too much on the plot . his direction defines what great direction is . almost any scene from this film can hold up with any other scene he directed . check out the courtroom scene . usually they are such stock scenes that i can  t stand them . case in point  try to sit through welles  own speech near the end of compulsion . in lady from shanghai  just pay attention to the level of detail in that courtroom scene . watch that juror who is always sneezing and interrupting the proceedings . or just take a look at the lighting in that scene . i know  it is just a simple venetian blind  and that it was used constantly in film noirs and crime films of the era  but welles gives it a beauty all its own . the dialogue is also remarkable . welles had the skill  a skill that no one else seemed to have  to make a crime film containing examples of the grandest poetry . whether he was speaking shakespeare or spitting out hard  boiled lines  it had the power to stir the soul .      .  
this could be well have been the definitive film noir of all time  had not the columbia studios cut so much of orson welles  s original . what we are left with is a flawed  yet brilliant film that showcases the overwhelming talent of welles as an actor  director and rita hayworth as a serious dramatic talent .  br    br    the lady from shanghai  is film noir at it  s most sizzling and confusing . welles  with an uneven accent  portrays michael o  hara  a journeyman irishman  who  after a fateful encounter with the seductive  dangerous elsa bannister  hayworth  in a great performance  finds himself virtually coerced into accepting a job as a crewman on her and her crippled husband  s  everett sloane  yacht . elsa  or  rosalie  as michael likes to call her  plays the innocent  helpless doll very well  ensnaring o  hara in her web . as the lovers conduct a not  so  secret affair at sea  arthur bannister  s partner in his law firm  george grisby  glenn anders  comes aboard . he is a weird  untrustworthy figure who offers michael a unique proposal he will get      to assist grisby in the faking of grisby  s death  so it looks murder . the plan is for michael to get off a technicality  and run off into the sun with elsa . but things do not go to plan .  br    br   hayworth delivers us one of the best femme fatales of all time in a very ambiguous portrayal . at times she seems genuinely vulnerable and child  like  at others brutal  world  weary and hard . always she is brilliantly beautiful  whether he situation calls for her to be dripping wet in a swimsuit or dressed in black  brandishing a gun . hayworth is beautifully photographed here  and she is a far  cry from her famous  gilda  role . her then  husband orson welles cut off her trademark auburn locks for a dyed blonde crop  angering columbia boss harry cohn  . it was a terrific marketing ploy  and he change suits her changed attitude wonderfully . she is not the sympathetic femme fatale that  gilda  is  here  instead she is a predatory  black  hearted dame who sees murder as a very useful option .  br    br   the welles and hayworth pairing came at a time when the couple were having extreme difficulties in their marriage . they would divorce after the film was made  so this is also a curiosity for providing some view into the complicated relationship . they are hateful  not romantic  lovers in this  so it  s hard to gauge whether or not they had real chemistry on screen . certainly every encounter is potent and filled with raw sexuality  with welles as the  fall guy   he even admits it himself in the film   and rita as the double  crossing babe .  br    br   welles character is the typical noir  drifter  with not much sense . as welles voice  over proves to use  o  hara indeed does not use his brain very much  expect to be thinking of her  elsa   . welles usually played intelligent  charismatic fellows  so his turn here as the dim  witted michael is unusual and very interesting . indeed  welles was an actor of fine talent and he pulls off it well .  br    br   everett sloane is suitably slimy as hayworth  s crippled husband . one wonders why he hires michael . it is obvious that his wife is interested in him romantically  so why does he invite a  threat  on board  one interpretation could be that michael provides the  service  to his wife that bannister cannot in his crippled state . there is definitely something to that theory  with a lot of implications toward elsa  s behaviour before she met her husband  was she some sort of prostitute   and grisby  s knowledge of bannister  s most intimate secrets being hinted at in several scenes .  br    br   this is a jumbled  convoluted film with a plot that is ultimately flawed . we are more interested in the love triangle than the murder plot  as with most noirs . welles provides us with many of his usual brilliant cinematic touches  including the justifiably famous  hall of mirrors  climax . it  s a terrific scene  one ending that can almost obliterate the faults earlier on in the movie and lift it into greatness . this fun house scene is visually stunning  with a dali  like feel to the painted sets  apparently orson painted them himself  . subtle visual imagery utilized throughout the film by welles enhances the plot and makes this a thought  provoking experience .  br    br   the dialogue is scorching and confusing  delivered superbly by rita  s alternately breathy low voice and helpless  high  pitched little  girl voice . hayworth proves her acting capabilities in this one  and proves that she is the ultimate femme fatale of  noir  . it  s a pity  only a slight one  as rita was a brilliant dancer  that she did so many delightful yet frothy and often forgettable musicals for columbia in the    s instead of darkly  themed noir like this . she was a brilliant actress when given the chance to show off her talent .  br    br       .  
in nyc  seaman michael o  hara  orson welles  rescues elsa bannister  rita hayworth  from a mugging  rape as she takes a horse  carriage through central park  and lives to regret it . titian  haired hayworth  s a platinum blonde in this one as dazzling as fresh  fallen snow  but nowhere near as pure . . .  br    br   to reveal any more of the convoluted plot in this seminal  noir  would be criminal . it  s as deceptive as the mirrors used to cataclysmic effect in the final scenes  but the film holds far darker secrets from the ny times  childhood shadows the hidden story of the black dahlia murder  by mary pacios  mary pacios  who was  years old when she was befriended by   year old bette short  retraces short  s steps  interviewing friends and associates . she also offered a detailed  if speculative  analysis of orson welles  particularly in regard to his movie  the lady from shanghai  . according to ms . pacios  the movie  along with related archival materials  has many of the same ritualistic elements associated with short  s murder . she raises the question could welles have been the killer   interesting theories  and with the spate of books now out on  the black dahlia   much more may come to light . fritz lang  s brutal  film noir    the big heat         was a roman  a  clef telling of the  dahlia  killing in  the city of nets  that was l . a .  but it  s the orson opus that the  dahlia  had a  hands  on  connection to . in reality  it was bugsy siegel  and the hollywood mob wars of the      s  that did the  dahlia  in . . . but that doesn  t negate much of what pacios wrote . almost all of hollywood intersected with elizabeth   the black dahlia   short and her tale  aura  legacy  curse is encoded in a number of golden age films .  br    br   the  black dahlia  was always on the peripheral edges of  shanghai   even before it started filming . barbara payton on franchot tone  it was when he was thinking about making  the lady from shanghai   before he lost the option to orson welles . franchot said he  d been in a bad state over that deal when he ran into the dahlia in the formosa cafe across from the goldwyn studios . . .  the floor above the formosa cafe was bugsy siegel  s office and  the dahlia  one of his on again  off again working  girls  .  br    br   it gets deeper and darker  after the     brawl over barbara payton between tom neal and franchot tone that sent franchot to the hospital with a concussion and  never talking the same way again   barbara said  she married tone  just to spite neal .  tom   detour   neal also knew  the dahlia   who didn  t   and became obsessed  from  l . a . despair  by john gilmore  the january     slaying of the young  beautiful would  be actress elizabeth short  known as  the black dahlia   was one of the most grisly murders in the annals of modern crime . a project  called  who killed the black dahlia   was being kicked off by actor tom neal  a hell  raiser from ww ii movies . potential producer gene harris  someone will have to come up with a more imaginative business proposition than what has been presented by tom neal and his cohorts . . .  not long after  it would be very clear one beautiful day to come  when tom would sneak up on his pretty  new palm springs wife as she lay on their sofa and shoot a .   bullet through her head .  barbara payton and norma jean dougherty  later marilyn monroe  knew the  dahlia  and their stories are well known . it seems all who crossed the path of the  dahlia   like the proverbial black cat  entered a  twilight zone  darkness and  or had an incredible string of bad luck afterward . tone  neal  welles are only a few  and this includes a butchered film called  the lady from shanghai  . . .  br    br    lady from shanghai  took two years to be released  thanks to extensive re  editing  and all because columbia president harry cohn couldn  t understand the story . it  s dark  noir  to be sure  one of the darkest  in fact . it  s also a wicked satire on life in the new atomic age .  br    br   nicolas christopher  br    br    shanghai  pushes forth an insistent subtext of nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement concerning the atomic bomb and the american city . the film  s principal murder victim  and there are many   a psychotic and double  dealing lawyer  manically foresees armageddon at every turn  claiming he can  feel it .  he announces that he plans to escape to a remote pacific island  a particularly acid joke on welles  part since this was the very year the u . s . began testing atomic bombs at just such a place  the bikini atoll  relocating all the inhabitants and destroying the ecosystem . by the time of bikini  the erotic identification of hayworth with the bomb appears to have been institutionalized  with the blessing of the military brass the first bomb dropped in the pacific testing ground in named  gilda  and has hayworth  s image  in provocative dress  painted directly on its casing . . .   br    br   its ironic that orson welles  broad interpretation of an irishman is considered a detriment to the film by many . welles is giving a clue to viewers that  michael o  hara  is only the storyteller  not part of the story even though it revolves around him .  o  hara  contradicts the shark motif throughout the film . sharks on a feeding frenzy won  t stop until there  s nothing left .  michael o  hara  lives to tell the tale .  elsa bannister  causes a feeding frenzy during  o  hara  s  trial and her netted chapeau suggests she  s caged in  so as not to devour the human spectators to a roman coleseum . the spectators are on a feeding frenzy of their own  gossiping and carrying on about  elsa   a human aquarium correlating to the san francisco marine museum sequence . that  s the human condition . . . except for  michael o  hara  . and yet he  ll be spending his life trying to forget his past   elsa    or die trying .  elsa  is part of  michael  and the tale eats its own tail in the end and the viewer is cautioned to stay out of trouble .  
the first mystery is to guess what welles  original film was like . that makes this a real adventure   to see an incomplete skeleton and using cinematic forensics  imagine the beautiful woman it once supported .  br    br   if you do  you will both see and experience perhaps one of the best film mysteries ever . as mysteries go  the narrative is rather ordinary a simple diversion  one jealous husband as red herring .  br    br   what  s rather miraculous is welles  placement of the story in an artificial eye seeing a dark  dark multifaceted world . the first real noir  but even darker . it  s not an obviously twisted world  unless you think about the camera . what we can see firsthand is someone creating a vocabulary that would later become common .  br    br   for all the celebration  kane was a success because of the great drama and story . the camera  s eye was shocking  but experimental . welles would go from there to explore the mystery narrative and the self  reference of shakespeare with this eye . othello and macbeth are both begun in this period  and i consider them part of a single vision with this .  br    br   the noir feel here hinges on the notion that people are not in charge of their lives  even a little   they are manipulated by random factors in the environment . so in telling this story  welles has to make the environment into a character . several characters as suspects in the mystery .  br    br   thus we have the famous lighting  blocking and angles we know  and have since seen countless times  . and we have the deliberately closed sets the park  yacht  picnic area  aquarium  dock  courtroom  chinese theater and funhouse . i am certain that what was cut by the barbarians was lots and lots of  external  narrative dealing not with character but with these strange environments .  br    br   my own solution to the mystery is that the funhouse did it  among the other character  environments introduced as suspects . in other words  the manipulation of black irish  who we know from notes and one scene typing at the union hall was an aspiring novelist  was neither a force of human conspiracy  the park or the civilized version  the courtroom  nor of nature  the picnic or the civilized version  the aquarium  .  br    br   instead it was a matter of deliberate caprice by the gods for amusement . this is of course a self  reference to what welles is doing putting these people  including himself  through hell for our own caprice  a matter underscored by the peking opera set with welles doped up . and of course leading to the funhouse where the environment directly tinkers with perception .  br    br   more about the self  reference surely there is conscious comment on his relationship with his soon to be exwife . but i believe there is strong subconscious comment on his own taunting the environment in which he worked  the studio environment . surely welles was as much screwed with  and in much the same way  as his character . and that screwing took the form of the murder of this film  leaving the rotting corpse mentioned at the beginning of this comment .  br    br   that poor rita comes from china ties up the whole thing  the chinese theater  the expected rape from above  the loss of the woman . the investment in environment beyond all .  
the second care bears movie is immensely better than its predecessor . it has a deeper plot  better character development  and the tunes  especially the closing song  are both catchy and warm  hearted . sure the movie tends to over stress caring but come on  it is a care bears movie . this movie is a great picture to show to kids because it emphasizes friendship  love  and again  caring . not to mention the care bears are just too adorable   
critics need to review what they class as a quality movie . i think the critics have seen too many actions films and have succumbed to the matrix style of films . europa is a breath of fresh air  a film with so many layers that one viewing is not enough to understand or appreciate this outstanding film . lars von trier shows that old styles of filming can produce marvellous cinema and build drama and tension . the back projection effect he uses during the film arouses and enhances the characters  and the focus of the conversation they are having . other effects he uses such as the colour and black and white in one scene much like hitchcock and the girl with the red coat grabs attention and enhances the drama and meaning of the scene . the commentary is superb and has a hypnotic effect  again maintaining the focus on the central characters in the scene and there actions .  br    br   i could talk about the effects more but i think you all would agree they push this film into a category of its own  and really heighten the drama of the film . a film to buy if you don  t own already and one to see if you have not .  br    br        don  t miss this artistic noir film from one of the great film directors .  
at the point in time that the lady from shanghai was being made  the marriage of orson welles and rita hayworth was disintegrating . the film was as much an effort by welles to rekindle the old flames as it was to make a classic noir . not received well at the time  the lady from shanghai has gotten more and more critical acclaim as years pass . gotten better with age so to speak .  br    br   welles is irish seaman michael o  hara who on a fateful night rescues the beautiful rita hayworth from three muggers in central park . sparks do fly  but then comes the rub  turns out the lady is married to crippled  but brilliant criminal attorney everett sloane . nevertheless sloane takes an apparent liking to welles and hires him to skipper his yacht .  br    br   so far this film is starting to sound a lot like gilda . if orson had seen gilda and was not at this point thinking with his male member  he would have skedaddled back to the seaman  s hiring hall in lower manhattan . instead he gets himself involved in a lovely web or intrigue and finds himself pegged for two murders and sloane as his eminent counsel .  br    br   welles for whatever reason decided that his wife would be a blond in this film . supposedly harry cohn hit the roof as rita was internationally known for her coppery red hair . this may have soured him on the picture as he joined the legion of studio bosses who saw welles  s vision of independent film making a threat to their power .  br    br   stage actor glenn anders plays sloane  s partner grisby who is one slimy dude  he winds up a corpse . the other corpse to be here is ted decorsia  a bottom feeding private detective who tries to go in business for himself .  br    br   it  s a good noir thriller  showing rita at her glamorous best even if she was a blond here . the final shoot out in the hall of mirrors is beautifully staged  but i wouldn  t recommend seeing it if one is on any controlled substance .  
made in     and released in      the lady and shanghai was one of the big films made by welles after returning from relative exile for making citizen kane . dark  brooding and expressing some early cold war paranoia  this film stands tall as a film  noir crime film . the cinematography of this film is filled with welles  characteristic quirks of odd angles  quick cuts  long pans and sinister lighting . the use of ambient street music is a precursor to the incredible long opening shot in touch of evil  and the mysterious chinese characters and the sequences in chinatown can only be considered as the inspiration  in many ways  to roman polanski  s chinatown . unfortunately  it is welles  obsession with technical filmmaking that hurts this film in its entirety . the plot of this story is often lost behind a sometimes incomprehensible clutter of film techniques .  br    br   however  despite this criticism  the story combined with wonderful performances by welles  hayworth and especially glenn anders  laughter  make this film a joy to watch . orson welles pulls off not only the irish brogue  but the torn identities as the honest but dangerous sailor . rita hayworth  who was married to welles at the time  breaks with her usual roles as a sex goddess and takes on a role of real depth and contradictions . finally  glenn anders strange and bizarre portrayal or elsa  s husbands  law partner is nothing short of classic   
as i watched one of orson welles  last contributions to hollywood as a filmmaker  i knew i was watching a great movie unfold  though at times i did not know why . the story in the lady from shanghai has the prime elements of a film  noir average  joe lead  femme fatale  conspicuous supporting characters  and a comprehensible if somewhat convoluted plot structure . it is an entertaining ride  and it  s filled to the brim with welles  unique gifts as a director  but there are scenes that tend to just not work  or don  t feel complete in what was welles  full vision  the latter is unfortunately too true  executive producer harry cohn and the columbia execs are to blame for that  .  br    br   welles co  stars with his then wife  the profoundly gorgeous rita hayworth  as mike o  hara  an irish worker who can and does get angry at the right people . hayworth is mrs . bannister  married to mr . bannister  everett sloane  who played mr . bernstein in citizen kane   who is accompanied by a friend mr . grisby  glenn anders  who has great control in his eyes  . they want to go sailing on their yacht and take o  hara along for the ride  and at first he  s reluctant  but agrees since he  s falling for the married mrs . as their journey unfolds  o  hara finds that bannister and grisby are not pleasant to be around  and more so with grisby  who at first seems out of his gourd . yet as the plot unfolds  o  hara is drawn into a scam that grisby is planning for insurance money  with results that i dare not reveal  although they have been discussed over and over by others  .  br    br   whatever liabilities pop up here and there in the mystery part of the story  and those few noticeable moments where shots were studio dictated   the performances and the look of the film are what remains striking after over fifty  five years . though he doesn  t have the terrific greg tolland  kane  s dp  at his side  dependable charles lawton jr . assists welles in creating an atmosphere that is both elegant and stark  covered in shadows  deep focus  low angles  the works . a particular accomplishment is the fun  house mirror scene  which is merely a highlight among others . welles himself is always dependable as an actor  even if his accent isn  t anything special  and hayworth herself makes a scene a little more lush  despite her path in the story .  br    br   the lady from shanghai is worth checking out  especially for welles  hayworth  or film  noir buffs  fans of the coen brothers might find this fascinating as well  . it may just take a little while  repeat viewings  as was for touch of evil   for the underlying motives in the plot to sink in .  
orson welles   the lady from shanghai  does not have the brilliant screenplay of  citizen kane   e . g .  but charles lawton  jr .  s cinematography  the unforgettable set pieces  such as the scene in the aquarium  the seagoing scene featuring a stunning  blonde  tressed rita hayworth singing  please don  t love me   and the truly amazing hall of mirrors climax   and the wonderful cast  everett sloane in his greatest performance  welles in a beautifully under  played role  the afore  mentioned miss hayworth   welles  wife at the time   at her most gorgeous  make for a very memorable filmgoing experience . the bizarre murder mystery plot is fun and compelling  not inscrutable at all . the viewer is surprised by the twists and turns  and welles  closing line is an unheralded classic .  the lady from shanghai  gets four stars from this impartial arbiter .  
one can only imagine the film mr . welles might have finished without the interference of the studio  this film is a flawed welles  but worth every minute of it because one can see the greatness of perhaps america  s best motion picture director of all times   br    br   we can see the toll it took on orson welles the filming of this movie . the story has a lot of holes in it  perhaps because of the demands of the studio executives that didn  t trust the director .  br    br   it is curious by reading some of the opinions submitted to imdb that compare orson welles with the coen brothers  roman polanski  even woody allen  when it should be all of those directors that must be regarded as followers of the great master himself . no one was more original and creative in the history of american cinema than mr . welles . lucky are we to still have his legacy either in retrospective looks such as the one the film forum in new york just ended  or his films either on tape or dvd form .  br    br   rita hayworth was never more lovingly photographed than here . if she was a beauty with her red hair  as a blonde  she is just too stunning for words . everett sloan and glenn anders made an excellent contribution to the movie .  br    br   the only thing that might have made this film another masterpiece to be added to orson welles body of work  was his own appearance in it . had he concentrated in the directing and had another actor interpret michael o  hara  a different film might have been achieved altogether . orson welles has to be credited for being perhaps a pioneer in taking the camera away from the studio lot into the street . the visuals in this film are so amazing that we leave the theater after seeing this movie truly impressed for the work  the vision and the talent he gave us .  
after citizen kane in      hollywood executives turned their cob  webbed backs on the great orson welles . with the exception of kane  welles lost all creative control on magnificent ambersons  journey into fear  and many other films to come . welles was an innovative and creative genius  the most unconventional of filmmakers when hollywood was in need of a few more . the lady from shanghai is yet another example of the misunderstood view of welles  films at the time  a movie that seems a bit choppy and non  fluent . it has a conventional      s premise told in a most unconventional way  and i am sure some scenes ended up on the cutting room floor . it is now legend that columbia mogul harry cohn stood up during its initial screening and asked what it was about . in hindsight  many old grumps that ran the studios back then had not one clue as to the cinematic techniques and master story  telling of orson welles and the lady from shanghai is only nearly great because of their intrusion .  br    br   beside being arguably the greatest director of all  time  welles was also quite a performer as an actor . at    we all know what he did as  charles foster kane   perhaps the most famous character in film history . here  he inhabits a rare character of dim wit and not much intelligence  something unfamiliar to those familiar with welles other great work . instead of a slick  wise tongue  he speaks with a rough  irish twang . rita hayworth  his unhappily married wife at the time  plays an unhappily married wife of a lawyer who puts welles in a spell and is able to draw him into a job that will take him to the limits of deception and disillusionment . he is a large lug who may have even murdered a man  but the real mystery lies in the relationship between hayworth  with stunning blonde hair  and crippled hubby everett sloane  mr . bernstein from citizen kane  . a creepy partner of sloane  s is along for the sail around the country to set off a number of peculiar events that has welles   michael o  hara  head spinning . welles narrates the picture as o  hara  but things are still unclear throughout . see for yourself and realize that it takes at least  viewings to fully know exactly what  s up .  br    br   an uncharacteristically strange courtroom sequence centers around  o  hara   with sloane defending him . it is an oddly comedic scene with some quirky courtroom methods  including sloane cross  examining himself . i didn  t really laugh here because the film stalls at this point after a first portion that never gets to take off anyway . up to this point  the cinematography is great  some scenes are shot with craft and skill  aquarium love scene   but there is no distinct line drawing the elements and us  the audience  in . reportedly  the court scene was re  shot against welles  requests    closeups of hayworth were ordered  and a makeshift song sung by the starlet was thrown in at cohn  s insistence . a gaudy score infuriated welles  who once again  was left out of the editing process . thank welles himself for saving the film entirely with a tour  de  force ending that will always be treasured . the so  called  hall of mirrors  scene brings buffs back time and time again  rightfully so .  br    br   it must be seen to be believed and it does a good job of wrapping up some confusing ideas presented . the crash of the mirrors represents  o  hara  s  disillusionment and the  crazy house  itself is a masterpiece of art and set decoration . it seems more like a state of mind than an actual place and is indeed  crazy   twisted and turned like a dali painting . this is a great ending to a flawed picture that if left alone would probably have made the afi  s top    . then again   or  more of orson welles films may have made all collective  best of  lists if he had been left alone to create his own magic .  br    br   note look for the mercury players that are so prominent in welles pictures . they pop up all over . rating  of    
of all the film noirs of the     s and     s  this has to rank as one of the strangest  and most fun to watch . i say that because of the four main actors orson welles  rita hayworth  everett sloane and glenn anders .  br    br   the first two names are familiar to everyone but it was the last two that made this movie so entertaining to me  especially anders . his character   george grisby   is one of the strangest people i  ve ever seen on film . his voice  and some of the things he said  have to be heard to be believed . slaone isn  t far behind in the  strange  category . hayworth is not as glamorous with short  blonde hair but still is hayworth  which means a lot to ogle if you are a guy . welles  is as fascinating as always . one tip if you have the dvd  turn on the english subtitles . his character in this movie is an irishman and you need the subtitles to understand everything he says .  br    br   welles also directed the film which means you have great camera angles and wonderful facial closeups . you also have a unique ending  visually  with a shootout in a house of mirrors . great stuff  as bizarre as this film is  i still thought the buffoon  like carnival atmosphere at the trial near the end was too much and took away from the seriousness of the scene . other than that  no complaints .  br    br   this is great entertainment  which is the name of the game .  
after all  you do not go to an orson welles movie to see a nice simple little plot and a burnishing of the image of a happy  ever  after star  br    br   you go to see theatrically heightened characters locked in conflict against colorful and unusual settings  lighted and scored imaginatively  photographed bravely  and the whole thing peppered with unexpected details of surprise that a wiser and duller director would either avoid or not think of in the first place  br    br   as usual  as well as directing  welles wrote the script and he also played the hero  a young irish seaman who had knocked about the world and seen its evil  but still retained his clear  eyed trust in the goodness of others unfortunately for him  he reposed this trust in rita hayworth  whose cool good looks concealed a gloomy past and murderous inclinations for the future she was married without love  to an impotent  crippled advocate  acted like a malevolent lizard by the brilliant everett sloane  br    br   there is a youthful romanticism underlying it all  and this quality came into exuberant play in  the lady from shanghai .  before the inevitable happened  welles escaped  to a final triangular showdown in a hall of mirrors  which has become one of the classic scenes of the post  war cinema   br    br   welles did not miss a chance throughout the whole film to counterpoint the words and actions with visual detail which enriched the texture and heightened the atmosphere his camera seemed almost to caress rita hayworth as the sun played with her hair and her long limbs while she playfully teased the young seaman into her web  
these are excerpts from a nine  page  memo to mr . cohn from mr . welles   written after orson had seen studio mogul harry cohn  s edited version of the picture  he took an hour out    br    br    . . . the preview title music was written by a first rate composer  george antheil . although not written for our picture at all  this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and menace combined with something lush and romantic which made it acceptable . . . the only musical idea which seems to have occurred to this present composer  heinz roemheld  is the rather weary one of using a popular song   the  theme    in as many arrangements as possible . throughout we have musical references to  please don  t kiss me  for almost every bridge and also for a great deal of the background material . the tune is pleasing  it may do very well on the hit parade   but lady from shanghai is not a musical comedy . . . mr . roemheld is an ardent devotee of an old  fashioned type of scoring now referred to in our business as  disney  . in other words  if somebody falls down  he makes a  falling down  sound in the orchestra  etc .  etc . . . if the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers all over the negative  i couldn  t be unhappier about the results . . . just before i left to go abroad  i asked vi  viola lawrence  the editor  to make a cut which would involve dropping the near accident with the taxi  cab and also quite a bit of dialogue . i am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut . . . saving much needed footage in the slow opening sequence  this was not done  accounting for the main weaknesses of the film  s opening reel  . . . there is nothing in the fact of rita  s diving to warrant a big orchestral crescendo . . . what does matter is rita  s beauty . . . the evil overtones suggested by grigsby  s character  and michael  s bewilderment . any or all of these items might have inspired the music . instead  the dive is treated as though it were a major climax or some antic moment in a silly symphony a pratfall by pluto the pup  or a wild jump into space by donald duck . . . there is no sound atmosphere on the boat . a little wind and water is sorely missed . there  s no point in photographing a scene on a real boat if you make it sound as though it all happened in front of a process screen . . . at the start of the picnic sequence . . . in the temporary score  we used a very curious  sexy latin  american strain . . . this has been replaced with a corny  dramatic  sequel   bad stock stuff . . . this sort of music destroys that quality of strangeness which is exactly what might have saved lady from shanghai from being just another whodunit . . . there is a big musical outburst after grigsby  s line   i want you to kill him .  this is absurd . . . the hawaiian guitar music which comes out of the radio . . . was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point . as it stands now  it  s on about the same level as the rest of the scoring . nobody in the audience could possibly suspect that we  re kidding . . . the aquarium scene needs more echo .  please don  t kiss me  is in again  . . . a bad dubbing job and poor scoring has destroyed the character of michael  s run down the pier . from the gunshot through to the phone call  a careful pattern of voices had been built up with the expenditure of much time and effort . for some reason  this has all been junked in favor of a vague hullabaloo . as a result  the whole sequence seems dull . . . the audience should feel at this point  along with michael  that maybe they are going crazy . the new dubbing job can only make them feel that maybe they  re going to sleep . . . the gun battle with the breaking mirrors must not be backed with music . . . the closing music again makes reference to  please don  t kiss me  . . . this finale is obvious to the point of vulgarity  and does incalculable injury to the finish of the picture .   br    br   all of these edits from orson were ignored  
i was very impressed with this small  independently made picture . the story  about a pair of social outcasts who meet  become friends  and provide each other with a support system both seemed to lack as children  is at times hilarious  at times sad  but always provocative . music  mostly by underground bands  was used to great effect  as was the experimentation with camera angles  filters  and slow or fast motion techniques . the performances  the leads are played by the writers and directors of the film  are some of the best i  ve seen in the last couple of years . if you ever felt like a square peg being forced into a round slot  i really believe you  ll appreciate  by hook or by crook  .  
origins of the care bears  their cousins . if you saw the original film you  ll notice a discrepancy . the cousins are raised with the care bears  rather than meeting them later . however i have no problems with that  preferring to treat the films as separate interpretations . the babies are adorable and it  s fun watching them play and grow . my favourite is swift heart rabbit . the villain is a delightfully menacing shapeshifter . i could empathise with the three children since i was never good at sports either . cree summer is excellent as christy . the songs are sweet and memorable . if you have an open heart  love the toys or enjoyed the original  this is not to be missed .      
people claim its edited funny but they had to cut it down substantially in post production . i have harry as a professor right now at ucsd  and honestly its one of the best classes i  ve had  its rather funny to here about what happened in making the film cause harry is so animated . i originally watched  joy of life  for another class where harry did a voice over in the film  and started watching this film after i started the class . harry originally did some performance work  and is really genuine about creating moments that move you  especially when you have to re edit things until you hit on that moment  but its something you see in this film .  
by hook or by crook is a tremendously innovative film from a pair of immensely smart and talented filmmakers  harry dodge and silas howard . they manage to tell an original story in a distinctive cinematic style  and it  s beautifully shot by ann t . rosetti  and wonderfully written   truly poetic .  br    br   the lead characters are true heroes and serve as a rare kind of role model  inspiration for butch dykes and trannies everywhere . this film has so much energy  so much poignant passion and scruffy san francisco heart to it . i can  t recommend it highly enough   br    br   the best butch buddy movie of all time   
what is so taboo about love   people seem to have major problems with the transgenered .  br    br   the title of this movie didn  t catch my eye . it was a grainy shot about  minutes into the movie is what made me stop channel surfing . i could not believe how freaking amazing this film was . it touches on so many levels of human emotion that it did not once fail to move me in some way . it is by far one of the best independent films i have ever seen . i did not view these characters as either gender  just human . i would recommend it to anyone who loves movies . especially independent films . praise to all fearless filmmakers   
a great and truly independent film that hit most of my emotions and carried me into another world . isn  t this why we go to the movies  i was especially impressed with the editing and the music  the combination of which was very transportive .  
this low budget digital video film has strengths in the right places   writing and acting . in addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far . in low light conditions the characteristic video umber tone prevails but  surprising  it rivals film stock for brightness  clarity  and  saturation in brightly lit situations . this is grass roots film making at its best with snappy dialogue carrying a  midnight cowboy  kind of story about grifters doing whatever it takes to survive in urban san francisco .  
i loved this movie from the opening sequence right through to the end . i found the director  actor  s style of directly addressing me  the audience very engaging .  br    br   what i found most exciting and refreshing about this movie was its ignoring   and thus challenging   of gender and class stereotypes . the idiosyncrasies of the characters are portrayed as strengths  and the absence of judgment   and the characters  acceptance of themselves and each other   enabled me to embrace them and allow myself to be drawn into their world . without preaching  and with intelligence and gentle and loving humor  this movie has the power to open us to new possibilities  and offers hope for a world in which people see and accept each other as unique and precious individuals . i look forward to more offerings from this creative and talented director .  
the movie only enter the cinema in indonesia this year        two years after it  s official release  and after many illegal dvd  s had found its way to the public . apparently the popularity of the illegal dvd  s lead to the release into the theaters  with still public coming to watch .  br    br   the movie is a great epic  bringing japanese culture into your house in an exiting way . in a sometimes humorist way  the story is told about a theater writer who writes a story for his theater  since the regular kabuki theater plays is something he finds boring .  br    br   at first  the audience might be a little bit confused about which story we are following  but when the story unfolds  we see that the love between a male human and a female demon leads to a great story for a new kabuki theater piece .  br    br   the audience is left in the dark if this is a story that is supposed to really have happened in japanese traditions and mythology  but that doesn  t matter .  br    br   the way the story is told with a love for theater  expression  vivid colors  humor and tragedy  makes this a great ride on the roller  coaster of japanese cinema as well as theater .  br    br   let yourself go completely when you watch this movie  try to see it in a cinema instead of on your television at home .  br    br   one critical point though the soundtrack is sometimes a little bit annoying . though most of it is great music  there are a few moments in the movie that i think they should have chosen some more dramatic music . but maybe the fact that the story contains moments of humor made the director choose for lighter moments in music as well .  
i went to see ashura as     fantasia festival kickoff . man  that was one cool kick off . the director was supposed to be in montreal for the canadian premiere  but due to health reasons  he  s still in japan . . . oh lord i hope he gets better and makes plenty of other movies .  br    br   the plot is pretty simple  but somewhat original . . . the demons are roaming in edo in japan and swordsmans called  demon wardens  are slaying them and fearing the rebirth of ashura  the demon goddess who  s sleeping and supposedly is very kick  ass .  br    br   it brings us to izumo . . . some kind of elite swordsman called  demon slayer  and his buddy jaku who  s the typical violent jealous asshole . . .  br    br   seems boring  well now it thickens . . . .  br    br   izumo took his retirement from killing demons since he slayed a young kid on the  impression  that he was the demon  he never knew  but he did killed her . so izumo went on with his life and recycled himself in kabuki theater . in a boat joyride on a nice night  izumo spots a girl hiding on a bridge and it changes his life and restart to slay demons . . . for the good cause  the cause of love . . . and damn . . . the guy knows how to handle a sword and to pull an entertaining massacre .  br    br   izumo carries the movie as far as playing goes . . . he is the total package . . . he knows how to fight  hell yeah he knows   he  s witty  he  s intelligent and he has that grit . you never have to yell   no izumo  it  s a trap  the guy already knows it he has that common sense . he  s really the perfect hero .  br    br   as far as cinematography goes  the esthetics are pretty interesting . it  s by far  the movie that looks the most like a manga . it  s creamed full of special effects and nothing  at all cost will prevent this movie to look realistic . . . it  s pretty amazing . lots of colours an  unreal  photography  other than that . . . it  s pretty straightforward . . . but like i said  the main character is carrying the movie a must see  a tale lead by masterful hands  
japan is in serious trouble . demons have infested edo  taking possession of earthly forms and bending them to their unholy will . on top of that  the rebirth of ashura  queen of the demons  is nigh . the only thing that stands against this grave threat are the demon wardens  a fearsome group of warriors  who might just be as bad as the demons themselves .  br    br   izumo is a retired demon warden  who five years ago  took up theater instead of demon slaying after accidentally killing a innocent child  in a battle that  s strangely reminiscent of the bar scene from dusk till dawn  . one night by a chance encounter he meets a beautiful and mysterious woman named tsubaki . their fortunes intertwine  literally  and they are bound by fate to be lovers and enemies .  br    br   if you think this sounds like your typical japanese fantasy  swordplay epic  you  d be wrong . in fact  there  s nothing typical about ashura . it is a hodge  podge of many different genre  s of film . those just mentioned  as well as a comedy  drama  and romance . director yojiro takita  onmyoji  juggles the genre  s fairly respectfully  although  the comedy seems forced in some scenes  and the end result is a ridiculous  but really fun popcorn movie .  br    br   to be sure  there are flaws in the film . some of the humor seems contrived  and out of place . and the acting isn  t the greatest . but seriously  do you watch fantasy  swordplay  comedy films for the great acting performances   no  we watch them for the action and the crazy cg visuals  all of which ashura has in spades . not to be misleading  the film is not all action  but it is spaced out generously enough with lots of swordplay and buckets of green blood to keep the average viewer happy .  br    br   bottom line the films has it  s faults and is not a martial arts epic  but it doesn  t try to be and it features interesting visuals and good swordplay action . the reason the film worked for me is that it never takes itself too seriously and if the viewer does the same  their sure to be delighted by this fun and silly swordplay fantasy action flick .  br    br   my rating  out of   . fun popcorn movie .  
set in japan  ashura is the story of demons taking over the earth . the premise is far more complicated  but the arching storyline should not be forgotten . japan is in turmoil  with demons occupying human form roaming the lands . generally speaking demons look and act like humans  but are evil . the japanese word they use is not just demons  but rather the classical form of  ogre  which is a mythological creature of some historic stature . we  re talking about creatures that would appear more like gods than simple ugly child  eating monsters .  br    br   however in human form all that remains is the green eyes and green teeth  which appear when put under any sort of stress . in order to save the world from demons there are demon  slayers . trained and skilled warriors who can spot and defeat most every kind of demon  and who guard the passage  way between the realm of hell and that of the real world . these are the basic premises .  br    br   the story begins with a festival in a local town . amid these festivities   men ride in  dressed in all black  seemingly intent on doing harm . the villagers run  excepting those which are demonic in nature  who turn green  eyed and try to kill them . the demon  slayers end up killing off the majority of the demons . from here the story gets interesting . the whole essence of the story begins when at the gate to hell a fortune  telling demon appears before the  gate  keepers  revealing the arrival of ashura . with it  comes the end of the reign of man  and begins the reign of demons . ashura however requires some form of birthing process  the first step of which occurred during the opening battle  but which won  t be revealed to you until you see the film . the  demon  slayers are a wise old man  a powerful yet unprincipled man  and a skilled and compassionate warrior . immediately you can see the split between them  the old man wanting to stop the demons  the powerful one wanting to bend them to his increasing ego maniacal wishes and the third looking to stop the second . along the way he meets a woman who he begins to take fancy to  and believes himself to have a special relationship with . she in turn is a brigand who is good  natured  sought after by authorities . when the two finally meet face to face  he places his hand on her shoulder  and suddenly she is scathed by a mark on her shoulder . needless to say  the mark is not a good sign . what ensues is a battle for earth  a battle between both good and evil  as it should be  but also between good and good itself .  br    br   the point for me of this film became something other than what i thought it would . i came in thinking it would either be a fast  paced action style film with demons  or a horror film with macabre evil and foul creatures the likes of which would be seen in ringu and ju  on . i was however mistaken in the best possible way . the story it seemed to me is an adaptation of a very old japanese play  and it plays itself out as such  combining the essentially action driven adrenaline scenes with a great concept  an amazing narrative  and a style which makes you compelled to think rather than just sit wallowing in gore . many scenes are painted with luxurious dialogue between two characters the likes of which will never be seen in a hollywood film . it becomes a practically theatrical experience which takes your breath away .  br    br   the film makes use of some immaculate scenery and camera  work comparable to many great samurai films of our days  but adding to it a well  thought and classical plot . with great acting  great music  and thoroughly stunning scenes  its a must watch in my book .  br    br   that being said  it does need the disclaimer that it is not for everyone . its not cheap thrills horror  its not balls to the wall action . its a horror style play thats been filmed . it has very much to say and takes the time to do so  flying in the face of the conventional one  liners . like japanese plays  the exchanges between the characters can last for many minutes before they come together for a quick yet marvelous battle scene . if you can enjoy such a thing  this is a masterpiece . if your idea of a good film is slasher flicks with little plot and excessive nudity  then you can easily watch something else .  br    br   overall  this film to me is a unique and amazing one  which keeps you riveted and amused . it has good writing  good acting  and good direction . it is all in all a solidly great film .  
for the longest time  i liked this movie better than the original care bears movie . well last summer  i watched them both together and decided i was wrong . the first one is a better care bears movie  as you may have guessed if you read my review for it  . this one isn  t a bad movie  it  s just . . . very strange .  br    br   well first of all  as a few people have mentioned  it completely disavows any knowledge of the first movie . i can  t think of another sequel that contradicts the original so blatantly  especially with the genders of some characters and how they all met  . when i was little and watching this  i was quite a bit confused and distraught . i felt the same way watching it as an adult   br    br   on to the reasons why the movie is actually pretty good  if you disassociate it from the first movie  . i can  t think of another movie for little kids with a demon as it  s villan  now i am not for a minute suggesting that evil demons who want to steal the souls of campers and care bears are good  i just find it cool that there  s a supremely evil being in a movie for little kids  it  s like that bizzare  santa clause vs . satan  movie from mexico you hear about sometimes .  br    br   anyhow  the demon  s name is darkheart and he wants this chick to help him get the care bears in return for him giving her special powers . very dark for a kiddy flick eh  and did i mention that darkheart appears to the girl most often as a whiney voiced   year old boy    freaky  meanwhile some other kids are in care  a  lot looking after baby care bears  oh  man  demons and baby care bears in the same movie       br    br   needless to say  everything gets cleared up in the end  but not before we get to see darkheart trap the care bears  souls in this scary chandelere thing in one surprisingly deeply disturbing scene  . but i am left with the question of wether this movie has found the cult audience it so richly deserves . i might just watch it again myself .  
very good drama about a young girl who attempts to unravel a series of horrible crimes . she enlists the aid of a police cadet  and they begin running down a series of clues which lead to a traveling carny worker with a long police record . an ending which is guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat .  
this is a nice piece of work . very sexy and engaging enough plot to keep my interest throughout . its main disadvantage is that it seems like it was made  for  tv full screen  and though there were several sex scenes  there was absolutely no nudity  but boy did it come close   . strange  too  since netflix shows that it was rated r .  br    br   nonetheless  very titillating  and i wish alicia silverstone made more movies like this .  br    br   one netflix reviewer stated that it was part of a series  but i have been unable to find out what series that is . i  d like to find out  though  because this movie was that good .  br    br   walt d in lv .           
i thought this movie was wonderfully plotted it made me confused and my cousin who watched it with me . to tell the truth i think that the younger kevin dillon was hot . hahahaha . . . but i also thought the girl was stupid to go along with the cop and that was wrong what he said to her before his death  i was inside you  . i think that  s what she gets for doing what she did with him and how is he going to tell her that she  s too young when he never cared how old the other girls were .  now i don  t think i myself could ever trust a cop like that . but to tell the truth it was pretty obvious it was him even if he was wanting to become a cop i would still be suspicious of him either way . and that was funny when she sprayed him in the eye in the store . hahahahaha . she was still stupid for going into the warehouse again by herself and so was the cop who died hello   it  s called back  up . sometimes these movies make me mad when people act stupid and do stupid things . but that  s what i think an thought about the movie .  
i saw true crime when it was first released back in the mid  nineties and i have watched it many times since . it is a great mystery about mary  played by alicia silverstone   a high school senior in a california town who  s classmate  s younger sister was tortured and killed by an unknown murderer . mary meets tony  played by kevin dillon   a police cadet who sees how bright she is and they decide to work together to try to find the killer .  br    br   many suspects in this one . true crime feels very  true  or real to me . i read a newsgroup review where someone wrote that total suspension of disbelief is present here and it is so true . alicia silverstone is perfect in this role and kevin dillon and bill nunn do a great job  as do the other actors . the locations are right on and the writer  director  pat verducci  really captures some of the realities of teenage life and of mary  s loneliness  see the scene where mary awakens from the dream sequence after having viewed the photos she took of tony  . i wish verducci would make more movies .  br    br   i have not seen any other movie quite like true crime .       
i got to see the whole movie last night and i found it very exciting . it was at least  not like the teen  slasher movies that pop out every now and then . the search for the killer and the  partner  relationship between the herothe so  called bad guy was parts i liked about the movie . also  i remember once being on the edge of my seat during a specific scene in the movie . i mean it  s exciting . maybe some time later  i might watch the movie again . . .  
i have seen this movie and even though i kind of knew who the killer was from the beginning i still liked watching it . i would recommend it to other people . it comes on lifetime movie network quite a lot . and i am thinking since it  s close to halloween they might play it more . so please be on the look out for it if you are interested in watching it . i believe that alicia silverstone played her part very well . i really like her as an actress and person . she seems so nice and down to earth . kevin dillon he  s performance was so so for me . i am not trying to knock him or anything but i believe that his brother matt would have been able to pull this bad evil serial killer persona better . kevin just seems too sweet for me . but i think he did okay .  
this is the best made  for  tv movie of all  time  am i saying this because i  m a huge silverstone fan  partially  but even without her  i  d still see it . i  m a fan of serial killer genre films  and believe this to be a great entry in that category . also  mary giordano easily ranks among alicia  s top five character creations . totally memorable  like she really exists . i  d have her on my side  too  if there was a mystery to be solved . she plays the character  like she does with her real life  with complete confidence in everything she does . seems sweet  honest  nice . . . just like she is in real life . so is that acting  yes  indeed  she  s sort of a rebel once again . this time she  s not bad  she  s too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law . but she doesn  t do things the normal teenager would do . instead  she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes . a cliche abounds she  s sort of avenging her father  s death  in a different way than vigilante  style . at the time  alicia seemed to be playing the same characters rebellious  seductive  without a parent  a loner . this happens here  too  but she  s a bit nerdy this time around . that doesn  t matter she  s still cool as a nerd . check this out soon  or else giordano will be investigating why you haven  t . . .  
i searched out this one after seeing the hilarious and linguistically challenging  clueless         perhaps alicia silverstone  s best known effort from early in her film career .  true crime  has kevin dillon  which should be helpful in improving most film projects . in fact everyone in the cast does a good job . the only disappointment i think the movie has for me is an awkward  feel  to some of the scenes  coming from the need to run a quite uncompromising  grown up theme as part of what in tone starts out as a schoolgirl adventure .  br    br   alicia silverstone is pretty good in this one . she carries off well the naive enthusiasm and growing unease that affects mary giordano as she manoeuvres towards the truth behind the serial murders . i reckon her characterization of mg has some mileage in it too . the inference of the story line is that she goes on to a career in law enforcement . it could be really interesting for an older silverstone to revisit giordano at a time of crisis later in the officer  s life . just a thought   br    br    true crime  shows its director in a good light . pat verducci also has the writing credit . i don  t know of any other film work pv has done . i can only wonder what happened after such a promising start .  br    br   like most productions  this one has a largely unknown supporting cast  although bill nunn  detective jerry guinn  is hardly that . over the past decade he seems to have been able to secure an impressive number of screen appearances . i recall seeing him recently in  carriers         a made for tv presentation with a military theme . bill nunn played  captain arends  . fans of the classic us tv comedy show  who  s the boss  may also have an interest in  carriers  because the leading player is judith light  remembered with affection by many because of her lengthy involvement with the show .  br    br    true crime  could easily not have worked  but it does ok . i think it is an entertaining story worth seeing .  
i must admit i  m a little surprised and disappointed at some of the very negative comments this film seems to provoke . i think its a great horror  sci fi film . colonel steve west  alex rebar  returns to earth after an historical space flight to saturn . while in space he contracted some bizarre and unknown disease . he wakes up in a hospital bed  he looks in a mirror and before his very eyes his face is melting  escaping the hospitals supervision  he hides out in some local woods surrounding a small town . unfortunately he starts to develop a rapidly growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people . he must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive  stalking human prey he begins his reign of terror  its up to his old friend dr ted nelson  burr debenning  to find him and try and help him . he has to work alone as his boss general perry  myron healey  wants it kept ultra quiet . nelson can  t even tell his wife judy  ann sweeny  . however  sheriff blake  micheal alldredge  becomes suspicious as general perry turns up just as some of the local townspeople start turning up half eaten . i don  t really understand why this film gets such negative reviews  what do people expect  anyway  i really like this film . the star of the film are unquestionably rick bakers special make  up and gore effects which for the most part are excellent  and the fact their all prosthetic effects and no rubbish horrible cgi makes them even better . writer and director william sachs isn  t afraid to use them either  we get some nice long lingering close up shots of the incredible melting man and they hold up very well  even now . photography  music and direction are a little bit dull  but professional enough . the script manages to create some sympathy for the the monster  shots of him looking longingly into ted nelsons house  or when he sees his own reflection in some water and reacts violently . the ending  set in a large factory of some sort  is pretty downbeat so don  t expect any happy ending . which surprised me . also  the script doesn  t really do anything with the premise  he just walks around melting and killing  with his friend trying to stop him  maybe a bit too simple . personally i think the worst bit of the film is near the start when the fat nurse runs down a hospital corridor in slow motion  her screams are also portrayed in slow motion too  it looks and sounds totally ridiculous  you need to see it to believe it  i like this film a lot and recommend it to    s and    s horror  sci fi fans . a bit of a favourite of mine .  
to me there is something so appealing and nostalgic about low  budget sci  fi . as a kid in the   s thats all there was . in     i saw  the first man into space  in a movie theater with my dad . it had marshall thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role . it is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer . scared the good  plenty right out of me . the memory of those heebie  jeebies still lives within me . the incredible melting man is almost a re  make only in full glorious color . . . that is wherever the scenes were well  lit . just gotta love it for what it is . . . . . . a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes  disgusting noises  and that eerie music . bravo   
i spied this short on a dvd of best new zealand shorts  all great but the french doors was amazing . it starts off slow and you wonder if there is anything going to happen . just as you relax into the hum drum of home renovation  the most spookiest thing happens .  br    br   eeeekkk  i wanted to stop watching  but i was glued .  br    br   the films dips into the primal fear of the dark and with little  if not any  special effects . it chills you right to the bone . a simple yet brilliant concept opened up all those memories of when i was young and dream  t up the most improbably but spooky situations .  br    br   the film makers visual style are bang on and the lead character takes you convincingly through the story . it is a quality short that i haven  t seen in quite some time .  br    br   the french doors has all the hallmarks of a great feature  alas it finishes after ten minutes or so . never the less a great ending that begs you to want to know more .  br    br   loved it and well done and thanks for the ride . these new zealanders are really turning out the talent .  br    br   a new fan .  
the melting man . . . a tragic victim of the space race  he perished melting . . . never comprehending the race had long gone by . . .   br    br   a man  burr debenning  burns his hand on the kitchen stove . but instead of screaming something a normal person would scream  he shouts something that sounds like  aaaaatch  kah    this movie you  ve popped in . . . isn  t a normal movie . you  ve just taken your first step into the incredible melting man  the famous late     s gore film featuring rick baker  s wonderful makeup effects . baker was just on the edge of becoming a superstar  and did this at the same time as his famous  cantina aliens  in star wars . for some strange reason  star wars became a household name  and incredible melting man did not .  br    br   it might have something to do with the fact that this movie is just mind  numbingly awful . from the opening credits   starring alex rebar as the incredible melting man  . . . that  s really what it says    to the chubby nurse running through a glass door  to the fisherman  s head going over a waterfall and smashing graphically apart on some rocks  this film provides many  many moments of sheer incomprehensibility .  why did they . . . but how come he . . . why are they . . .   after a while  you give up wondering why and watch it as what it is   a very entertaining piece of garbage .  br    br   an astronaut returns to earth in a melting  radioactive condition he escapes and  his mind disintegrating as well as his body  begins a mad melting killing spree . the authorities quickly decide that the melting man must be stopped  but  probably not wanting to  cause a panic   want him captured as quietly as possible . so they send one guy with a geiger counter after him . wow .  br    br   storywise  surprisingly little happens during the movie . the melting guy wanders around killing people . a doctor searches for him with a geiger counter . various characters are introduced  ask questions  and leave . eventually the doctor catches up with the melting man  but is shot by a security guard for no reason  after he explains that he  s  dr . ted nelson .  the melting man wanders off and finally dissolves into a big puddle of goo . the end .  br    br   it  s so brainless that it somehow ends up being a lot of fun  despite a fairly downbeat ending . supposedly  a widescreen dvd release is planned . a very special movie .  
thanks to this fungal film i do not want my maypo  can  t stomach the thought of maltex or wheatena  and even that granola over there doesn  t look so innocent anymore  why wasn  t the song  slop time   by the sherrys  used as the theme   
as a collector of movie memorabilia  i had to buy the movie poster for this film which  now that i  ve finally seen it  has to be the best thing about it . there  s nothing more attractive to hang on your wall than a   x   inch image of the melting man . however  there  s nothing more awful to put in your vcr than an hour and a half long image of the melting man . at first i thought this movie was pure garbage but then i realized that it did have some qualities which made me laugh . the character of dr . ted nelson has to be the most wishy  washy persona ever brought to the big screen . his dialogue is so trite it  s unbelievable    it  s incredible  he seems to be getting stronger as he melts    br    br   and could somebody tell me please how the heck they know exactly how much time steve has left before he melts completely and exactly what their plan is to  help  him  if this movie was meant to scare its audience  i think it missed its calling .  
astronaut steve west  alex rebar  and his comrades undertake a space mission that sees them flying through the rings of saturn . his comrades are killed instantly  but it would seem that they are in fact the lucky ones . steve returns to earth a constantly oozing mass of humanoid pulp as he turns into a savage killer  melting every step of the way  he is tracked by his friend  dr . ted nelson  burr debenning  .  br    br   this is often so uproariously funny  with enough absurd lines and situations to go around  that it  s hard for me to believe that the laughs are all unintentional . it seems to me to be kind of a goof on low  budget genre efforts from the     s and    s  and as such  it  s a marvelously entertaining movie . that sequence with the nurse is simply hilarious . we  re even treated to a split screen sequence that doesn  t really add anything  but is still a gas to watch .  br    br   writer  director william sachs deserves credit for coming up with this ingenious idea his ultra  slimy character is a memorable one indeed . i think his pacing is a little off some scenes  like the one with the elderly couple  go on a little long  but ultimately he delivers solid  schlocky  b  movie goods with a degree of panache . the climax is especially fun .  br    br   arlon obers  music is enjoyably shuddery  yet also amusingly silly during some moments   and willy curtis  s cinematography creates some really great shots at times . that brings me to rick bakers  fantastic and convincing makeup effects  which form a highly respectable centerpiece for the movie  right down to the ultimate final melt .  br    br   rebar is under the heavy makeup for almost the entire movie  sachs also gets my praise for having the movie hit the ground running  and does what he has to do well enough . debenning makes for a rather oafish and silly hero  and ann sweeney isn  t so hot either as his wife  but myron healey  michael alldredge  and lisle wilson are fine in support . it  s also worth it to see folk like cheryl  rainbeaux  smith  doing an appreciable topless shot   janus blythe  of tobe hoopers   eaten alive  and wes cravens   the hills have eyes    and even director jonathan demme in a bit part .  br    br   this is a highly entertaining midnight movie with enough gore  chills  and laughs to rate it as worth catching for lovers of low  grade sci  fi  horror everywhere .  br    br        
first off  anyone looking for meaningful  outcome oriented  cinema that packs some sort of social message with meaningful performances and soul searching dialog spoken by dedicated  emotive  heartfelt thespians  please leave now . you are wasting your time and life is short  go see the new brangelina jolie movie  have a good cry  go out  buy a hybrid car or throw away your conflict diamonds if that will make you feel better  and leave us alone .  br    br   don  t let the door hit you on the way out either . the incredible melting man is a grade b minus regional horror epic shot in the wastelands of oklahoma by a young  tv friendly cast  crew  and concerns itself with an astronaut who is exposed to bizarre radiation effects  wakes up in a hospital  and finds that his body is liquefying on him as he sits there feeling like a chump . the melting man is played by one alex rebar  who is recognizable for about the first four minutes of the film . but once he starts oozin  with rick baker  s extraordinary special effects makeup he more resembles something you might find in a tin of spam before you drain off all the runny  viscous blebs of grease .  br    br   the film has zero exposition and does not bandy about with plot points there are a couple of scenes involving scientist types riding around on an absurd industrial conveyor machine who dutifully recite a few obligatory lines about the effects of radiation but the movie does not care  really . it  s a freak show and a marvelous one at that with a decidedly sick sense of humor for those who can stomach it   one great laugh comes when the melting man stumbles upon a young girl in the forest and is so at a loss for what to do that one of his eyes pops out . hilarious .  br    br   the  hero  of the film is played by burr debenning  a fascinating character actor from the golden     s    s television scene who was sort of an early model for the kevin spacey prototype slightly twisted  neurotic  and one step ahead of most everyone in the room even if he looks confused . he appeared just after this movie was made in a bizarre made for tv anthology horror piece called house of the dead  or the alien zone  that is regarded as one of the finest movies ever made in oklahoma  which is where i suspect this film was made as well . the arid  cold looking rural midwestern landscapes are certainly the same  and the creek that one unfortunate fly fisher chooses for his afternoon of sport appears to be the same one that cameron mitchell fought off flying alien pancakes in without warning . . . which also had a sick sense of humor  a tv friendly cast  and some pretty outrageous gore . i definitely sense at least an aesthetic connection between the three movies  as well as the silence of the lambs which is of no surprise considering that director jonathan demme is a part of melting man  s cast .  br    br   essentially  as others have pointed out  this is a     s b movie plot updated for later     s era special effects  the inevitable boobs . the movie it probably borrows most of it  s ideas from is phantom from space with peter graves as an astronaut who also returns to earth after being exposed to funky radiation effects that set him off on a killing spree . one of the things that i actually admire about the film is that absolutely no regard is given for the melting man  s motivations he simply goes on a rampage and the movie  s drama comes from wondering if he  s going to fall to pieces before certain characters fall victim to his madness . the budget for the film is also delightfully low and every dime spent on it is up there on the screen  rick baker  s disgusting effects getting the lion  s share of whatever was spent on this .  br    br   sick  disgusting fun best enjoyed with a crowd of friends and plenty of beer . why can  t people have made more movies like these   br    br        
  the incredible melting man  is a fantastically gross  trashy and energetic z  grade production that every self  respecting camp  horror freak simply has to see for him  herself  the ideal way to describe this low  budget    s gem is like a shameless copy of hammer  s  the quatermass xperiment  . . . only a thousand times filthier  astronaust steve west is the only survivor of a disastrous space  mission  but turns out the carrier of a horrible disease that makes him radioactive and . . . causes him to melt  in shock after seeing his face in the mirror  can you blame him    steve busts out of the hospital  leaving a trail of sticky pus and fallen off body parts behind . doctor ted nelson has to find him urgently  as the disease also set steve up with an insatiable appetite for human flesh . the premise may sound utterly stupid but this flick is enormously entertaining and contains great make  up effects from the hand of rick baker . the melting dude  s face looks like a rotting pizza and his heavy breathing makes him sound like darth vader  another big advantage is that william sachs  screenplay doesn  t waste any time on tedious scientific explanations or emotional speeches . the repulsiveness starts right away and lasts until the very last moment of the film . just enjoy this silly horror gem and try to switch off your brain activity as much as you can because  if you start contemplating about the many stupidities in the script  you  ll miss out on all the campy fun   
i saw this movie in     when i was   years old at a drive  in theater with my family .  br    br   way back then  i thought it was very funny . . . even though i was too young to understand    of what makes this marvelous movie such a delight  i saw it again this morning on  turner south  . as i watched it  i was absolutely convulsed with laughter   the mating game  is a unique classic from a by  gone age . if you  re too young to have experienced the enchanting period in history that produced this film  i feel very sorry for you . there  s no way you can watch movies like this and understand how they can  even today  deliver such a delightful slice of heaven to  old timers  like me .  br    br   having said that  all i can do is respectfully request that younger people refrain from commenting on films like  the mating game  .  br    br   movies like this were made for the generation that preceded the current group of your people . and as such  these films speak a very different language than any of you can understand .  br    br   in other words  if you don  t understand the issues the film is addressing  please don  t embarrass yourself by offering comments which  frankly  make no sense .  
mating game is a charming  wonderful movie from an era gone by . hollywood needs to consider a charming remake of this movie . my wife and i would go see it .  br    br   it is an excellent romantic comedy that my wife and i watched on amc .  br    br   this movie has tony randall at his best . debbie reynolds is great  as always .  br    br   loved it . we plan on ordering on dvd to add to our growing collection of movies .  br    br   too bad hollywood does not make movies like this anymore .  br    br   hey hollywood . . . . time to dig some of these type of scripts out of the old safe  update them a bit  without spoiling the original movie and script as you have done with other remakes   and hold a casting call .  br    br   a remake would be a big hit on the silver screen  dvd  and on cable  sattv .  br    br   sn austin  tx  
i have always liked this comedy as one of the few ever seriously trying to deal with the u . s . government  s yearly demand for taxes . ever read a tax code   it is quite a trial to follow it  s multiple clauses that our congressmen and senators push in to help their financial backers and various interest groups . despite claims that it is fair  the tax code has always laid the lion share of the burden on the middle and working classes rather than the rich and influential . most of the various special clauses are meant for their use  go through the average     or     a form and look at the variety of different investment and business ventures all of which have a different set of rules . most people will never have any use for these .  br    br   the story here is that a wealthy landowner  philip ober  uses his influence to tip off the irs that his neighbors  paul douglas and una merkle  have not payed taxes in   years . the baltimore office of the irs is under fred clarke  and he is snapping to attention for ober with his influence . he sends tony randall to check out the situation .  br    br   randall finds that douglas  merkle  and their three girls and two boys are pretty decent people  who rarely have need for cash  they get along on their farm produce and barter with their neighbors  . but randall  trained in the clear  to the irs  lines of the tax code tries to pin down the family to fundamentals . but gradually douglas notes that reynolds is fond of randall  and he keeps sidetracking randall from his chore  eventually getting him drunk . he also makes it difficult for randall to leave by having the motor of his car removed  for repairs  by his two sons .  br    br   the plot follows the growing attraction and frictions between urban  vaguely ambitious randall  and countryside  life loving reynolds . they make a cute couple actually . eventually  after ober complains  randall is sent back in disgrace and clarke  a tougher cookie  gets down to brass tacks . and comes up with a very large tax bill  that will possibly ruin douglas  s family .  br    br   the film does not end there  it does end happily  but it does remind us that the power to tax is the power to destroy  and that the government does  all too frequently  go in for destruction . a chance in a million reversal saves the family  but it is so rare that we know it is just a dramatic trick . more realistic is how clarke  s boss   charles lane  cuts to the essence regarding ober  s  help  by suggesting that next year his taxes will be looked at more carefully . after that ober is rather green .  
excellent farce  which  of course  is all it is intended to be . thankfully there is neither a social or political message  nor is there the slightest attempt in that direction . could the plot actually take  or have taken place in any particular time or location  unlikely  for  after all  this is simply  merely  a movie  and movies spring from imagination  not from reality . the only goal of this movie is to entertain  certainly not to educate  and entertain it does  with reality delightfully and lightheartedly tossed to the winds . i think most would agree that from documentaries we expect enlightenment and authenticity . but for entertainment i want what is nowadays described as a  no  brainer   which the mating game is in all respects . for a few chuckles and an outright laugh now and then  this is fine fare fantasy .  
about a year and a half ago my dad told me about the french doors . i thought it sounded interesting enough but i didn  t try to find it anywhere . then about a year ago i remembered that film and thought  hey why not  and tried finding it on the internet . eventually after about a week of looking i found it on atom films . i called my dad over to the computer and said to him  hey dad i  ve found that creepy film you told me about ages ago   he smiled at me  turned round turned off the lights so it was pitch black apart from the computer screen and told me to watch it . i started off fine . . . then when he started getting worried about whatever was there i found it very unnerving . at the end i pushed back my chair and stood up . . . it made me jump  p if you haven  t seen this film i highly recommend you do because it is well worth it . even after the fourth or fifth time its still unsettling .  br    br   great film   
if you are the sort of person looking for a realistic film or one with a strong and believable plot  then this film is not for you . nope   you  ll hate it . however  for those who like sweet  slightly screwball comedies  then you  ll have a nice time watching this slight film .  br    br   tony randall works for the irs and he investigates a very nice farmer who never realized he needed to file an income tax return . however hard he tries to convince them of the seriousness of his visit  everyone in the family is thrilled to have company . they dote on him and treat him like one of the family  . . . and have plans on getting him hitched to their daughter  debbie reynolds . that  s really about all the plot there is . but the film gets high marks for a fun script and decent acting . a really nice little curio from the late     s .  
many critics have felt offended that r . w . fassbinder has portrayed both protagonist wilkie and the nazis in this movie in a human  like manner . connoisseurs of other fassbinder films  however  will realize that  lili marleen        belongs to fassbinder  s  women movies  like  the marriage of maria braun        and  lola        . fassbinder was convinced that  stories can be told much better with women than with men   because  according to fassbinder  while men usually fulfill their determined roles in society   women are capable of thinking in a dialectic manner  . dialectics  however  means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis like usually in our black  and  white world  but a synthesis where the oppositions coincide . moreover  dialectic means that because of the third instance of synthesis the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished . concretely speaking starting from a dialect point of view and portraying the fascist state  the underground fighters must necessarily use the basic means like the rulers do  and between offenders and victims there is thus a chiastic relation  so that every offender is also victim and every victim is also offender . fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme  that transcends classical logic  in his play  the city  the garbage and the death        which was filmed by daniel schmid under the title  shadow of angels        .  br    br   therefore  approaching an a priori controversial topic like nazi germany  in a dialectic manner  the depiction of this time in the form of a movie gets even more controversial  especially for people who cannot or do not want to see that our recognition of the world is by far not exhausted with a primitive light  switch schema  but needs the third instance of synthesis as controlling instance of its opposite members thesis and antithesis . the mutual relationship between offenders and victims has to scrutinized  since it is simply not true that the offenders are the bad ones and the victims the good ones . in a synthetic viewpoint  the bad ones participate on the goodness as the good ones participate on the badness . they are mutually related . in a world  view based on classical logic  a relation between good and bad cannot even been established  and in an ethics based on this insufficient system of logic  the bad conscience of the survivors of nazi germany  feeling  illogically enough  responsible for the deeds of their ancestors  exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and thus a synthesis in the form a new evaluation based on this relationship as well . from fassbinder  s dialectic viewpoint  it follows that neither lili marleen nor lola nor maria braun can be condemned for their  misuse  of the ruling system for their private purposes  because they don  t misuse them  they just use them . in the opposite  since victims must repeat the actions of the offenders as the offenders must repeat the actions of the victims  because  good  and  bad  are no longer simple mirror images of one another like in two  valued logic  their strategies are legitimated by the chiastic structure of a logic that describes our world  that is not black and white at all  much better than a black  and  white logic .  
i consider this movie a masterpiece  but it took me at least  o  times to see it  so as to realize what a great movie it was . first  it describes a face of ww  that we don  t usually see in hollywood movies . in particular  german soldiers  army and the nazi government are shown more  humanized  . one of the facts that impressed me most was the mention  by the end of the movie  of a murder that took place in a forest in the last    s . . . that forest is the place where the final chapters of berlin alexanderplatz take place those are the woods where reinhold kills mieze . another clue for those who like the details  is the representation of doors . fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door  or a door is opened . many doors are shown in the screen  opened and closed . and the characters change in their personality  their acts  etc any time that happens . have you noticed that   
kate beckinsale is as good if not better than gwyneth paltrow as emma in this movie  although i really liked gwyneth paltrow in the other emma version . they  re both good in different ways . kate beckinsale as emma seems more interesting  almost  though . and i liked the woman who played harriet smith in this movie better  too . . . she was more believably sweet and sentimental . there are certain things i like better about the gwyneth paltrow version  though  like how the humorous side is more apparent .  
as winter approaches  our state  owned broadcaster  the abc  has decided for some reason to have a partial jane austen festival on sunday nights . this commenced with a twelve  year old movie length version of  emma  last sunday more recent versions of three other novels   persuasion    northanger abbey  and  mansfield park  are to come .  br    br   the curious thing about this production by ae television networks  with script by the ever  reliable andrew davies  is that it appeared almost simultaneously with two much bigger budget movie versions  one starring gwyneth paltrow  and  clueless   a  modernized  version  starring alicia silverstone  which transported the plot to beverly hills . perhaps as a result  even with kate beckinsale in the lead  this production sank without trace .  br    br   as a general rule  much is lost when novels are shrunk to fit feature movie length . the adaptations one tends to both enjoy and remember are those which have adequate room to develop both story and characters . an outstanding example is  brideshead revisited  which had      minute episodes back in     . you only have to compare the very ordinary movie  length version of  pride and prejudice  in     with the brilliant     six  part tv mini  series . it  s not that a novel should be filmed page by page  and some novels  often not very good ones  adapt wonderfully to film   atonement  is a recent example   but novels of the jane austen sort need some time and space to exert their full charm .  br    br   given the shortcomings of this type of adaptation  this production is ok . kate beckinsale gives emma the right mix of self  assuredness and vulnerability and mark strong is a forthright mr knightly  he reminded me that jane tended to recycle characters  knightly is a more articulate version of the moody mr darcy of pp  . samantha morton was a rather limp harriet but prunella scales got the blabbermouth miss bates perfectly  sybil fawlty on speed . bernard hepton as emma  s feeble father was also excellent . we saw the damp countryside  the mud and the poverty as well as the posh interiors  in case anyone thought this was a particularly idyllic age for everybody .  br    br   even though this was a condensed adaptation it was oddly slow in places  some of the conversations were rather stilted  even allowing for the formalities of the times . i  d have to look at the film again to be sure  but it might be due to the under  use of reaction shots .  br    br   if you do like filmed period stuff this is a perfectly nice example  and compares well with the paltrow version . anyway  there is more to come   
this is the best emma in existence in my opinion . having seen the other version       which is also good  and read the book  i think i can safely say with confidence that this is the true interpretation and is the most faithful to jane austen  s masterpiece . the     movie with g . paltrow is good too  it  s just that it  s almost like a different story altogether . it  s very light and fluffy  you don  t see the darker edges of the characters and if you just want a pleasant movie  that one would do fine but the intricacies of some of the plot points  such as the churchill  fairfax entanglement is so much glossed over as to be virtually non  existent . but if you want the characters fleshed out a bit  more real and multidimensional  the     tv version is the superior . emma is a remarkable person  but she is flawed . kate beckinsale is masterful at showing the little quirks of the character . you see her look casually disgusted at some of the more simple conversation of harriet smith  yet she shows no remorse for having ruined harriet  s proposal until that action has the effect of ruining her own marital happiness at the ending . you see her narcissism and it mirrors frank churchill  s in that they would do harm to others to achieve their own aims . for emma  it was playing matchmaker and having a new friend to while away the time with after having suffered the loss of her governess to marriage . for frank churchill  it is securing the promise of the woman he loves while treating her and others abominably to keep the secret . in the book  she realizes all of this in a crushing awakening to all the blunders she has made . both kate beckinsale and gyneth paltrow are convincing in their remorse but paltrow  s is more childlike and stagnant while beckinsale  s awakening is rather real and serious and you see the transition from child  like  selfish behavior to kind and thoughtful adult . both versions are very good but i prefer this one .  
the minute i started watching this i realised that i was watching a quality production so i was not surprised to find that the screenplay was written by andrew davis and was produced by sue birtwhistle both of these brought us the excellent     production of pride and prejudice  so my only gripe here is that emma did not run to  or  or maybe even six episodes like pride and prejudice . the acting was superb with i think prunella scales excellent as miss bates but i loved kate beckinsale and mark strong just as much . the language is a delight to listen to  can you imagine in this day and age having a right go at someone without actually uttering a swear word  samantha morton was excellent as miss smith in fact the casting was spot on much as it was with pride and prejudice . i liked it so much that i watched it twice in two days   so once again thank you bbc for another quality piece of television . i have seen the paltrow version and it is okay but i do think the bbc version is far superior . an excellent production that i am very happy to own on dvd     
i really loved this version of emma the best . kate beckinsale was awesome as emma and mark strong was very good as knightly . the only complaint that i had was on mr . woodhouse . . i can  t believe that a man could whine so much or be so selfish with his daughter  s life . . she was a smart girl in the end though . as always  i love the places in which these jane austin movies were shot . the settings are so spectular . it makes me want to visit england so much  as well as ireland and scotland  i think the actors chosen for this movie were a good choice as well and all the other story lines interwhined with emma  s most excellently  i am glad that i got to see this one as well .  
until the     s there had never been a film based upon jane austen  s  emma  . then two came along in the same year      . or  if you count      s  clueless   which updates austen  s plot to a modern american high school  three in two years .  br    br   the main character is emma woodhouse  a young lady from a well  to  do family in regency england . she is  financially  considerably better off than most austen heroines such as elizabeth bennett or fanny price  and has no need to find herself a wealthy husband . instead  her main preoccupation seems to be finding husbands for her friends . she persuades her friend harriet to turn down a proposal of marriage from a young farmer  robert martin  believing that harriet should be setting her sights on the ambitious clergyman mr elton . this scheme goes disastrously wrong  however  as elton has no interest in harriet  but has fallen in love with emma herself . the speed with which emma rejects his proposal makes one wonder just why she was so keen to match her friend with a man she regards  with good reason  as an unsuitable marriage partner for herself . this being a jane austen plot  emma turns out to be less of a committed spinster than she seems  and she too finds herself falling in love  leading to further complications .  br    br   today in     kate beckinsale is a hollywood star  but in      despite being only a year younger  was not nearly as well  known internationally as gwyneth paltrow . she is  however  just as convincing as austen  s well  intentioned but often wrong  headed heroine . beckinsale seems to have a gift for classical roles  she made a delightful hero in kenneth branagh  s version of  much ado about nothing   and i sometimes find myself wishing that hollywood could have found more suitable roles for her rather than wasting her in turkeys like  pearl harbor  or  underworld  .  br    br   i preferred jeremy northam to mark strong as emma  s love interest mr knightley  largely because he came closer to my own conception of the character as a gentlemanly  chivalrous older man  in some ways more of a father  figure to emma than a lover .  his surname is probably meant to indicate his gentlemanly nature  nineteenth  century gentlemen liked to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of mediaeval knights with their elaborate codes of chivalry  . strong tends to downplay the question of the age difference  he is    she    and makes knightley more of a passionate lover and less of a wise mentor than does northam . samantha morton  another actress who would go on to bigger things  is perhaps closer to the harriet of the novel than was toni collette .  br    br   this was the more small  scale of the two versions  being made for television rather than the cinema  and the sets and costumes seem less lavish and there are fewer big names among the cast . costume drama  however  is generally something that british television does well  and this version can certainly hold its own with the cinema version both are entertaining and well  made versions of austen  s novel .      
old jane  s mannered tale seems very popular these days . i have lost count of the number of versions going around . probably the reason is that her  ruts  are our  ruts  even at this late date . this tv mini  series gives it a mannered telling suitable to the novel . headstrong  opinionated emma is a pretty  modern  girl when you think about it  even though the ambience of jane austen  s world may seem a tad artificial to us today . if you haven  t seem emma  i  ll only say that self  sufficient emma does get her comeuppance . it  s worth watching to find out how . the acting honours here go to the ladies kate  prunella  lucy and samantha . they could almost have had a psychic connection to old jane   
this schiffer guy is a real genius  the movie is of excellent quality and both entertaining and educating .  br    br   i didn  t know what a weather girl was before i learned it here .  
